===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome everyone to Q1 2025 Revvity Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sammy, and I will be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand over to your host, Steve Willoughby to begin. Please go ahead, Steve.
Steve Willoughby: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Revvity's first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Prahlad Singh, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Max Krakowiak, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to remind you of our safe harbor statements outlined in our press release issued earlier this morning and those in our SEC filings. Statements or comments made on this call may be forward-looking statements, which may include, but may not be limited to, financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. I will now turn it over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Prahlad Singh. Prahlad?
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. The first quarter ended up being one of the more dynamic macroeconomic periods in recent history to navigate through, which has clearly continued during April. Our ability to continue to generate strong organic growth and better-than-expected earnings in this environment is a testament to the resilience of our business and the tremendous efforts of our people. While we expected uncertainties were likely to occur when we first provided our appropriately prudent guidance in January [indiscernible]. The materiality and frequency of the changes that have transpired over the last 90 days in the global economy would have been difficult to fully contemplate in advance. Despite these new challenges, we remain very optimistic about Revvity's differentiated financial profile and our ability to continue to drive new innovations for our customers to help further the advancement of science. The current environment is clearly challenging for most companies, but our unique offerings and ability to quickly adjust are allowing us to continue to deliver for both our customers and our shareholders, as we demonstrated both throughout the pandemic and over the last two years, when our industry has faced softer spending from pharma customers, Revvity is a nimble company, which is well-positioned to quickly respond to both challenges and opportunities, enabling us to continue to deliver strong relative performance. We have demonstrated that we are a team that thrives at taking on challenges while continuing to execute at a very high level. I'm confident this adaptability and agility will continue, enabling us to sustain our strong performance throughout varying macroeconomic environments, including the remainder of this year. Despite the volatility, we were able to generate solid 4% organic growth in the first quarter, which was right in line with our expectations. This performance shows the impressive balance of our company as areas of strength, such as diagnostics and software, were able to offset those areas facing unanticipated pressures from the dynamic environment we are experiencing in some of our end-markets. In particular, our organic growth in the quarter was negatively impacted by unforeseen choppiness in demand from US academic customers throughout much of the quarter, primarily impacting our life science instruments. If it wasn't for this change in demand, our organic growth this quarter would have likely been at or above the upper end of our expectations. This solid top-line performance was again combined with appropriate operational management, which led to adjusted EPS in the quarter of $1.01, solidly above our $0.93 to $0.95 expectations. In addition to strong income statement performance, we yet again had great results with our cash flow and balance sheet management. In the quarter, we delivered 97% free cash flow conversion of our adjusted net income and were again able to aggressively deploy this cash by repurchasing our shares. We bought back 154 million of our shares in the quarter, resulting in an outstanding share count exiting the quarter of 119.4 million. As we entered 2Q, we remained opportunistic and have been able to continue our repurchase efforts. I would highlight that we have now repurchased more than 7 million shares over the last two years, which represents a 6% decline in our total shares outstanding since we became Revvity in mid-2023. From an end-market perspective, we have continued to see stabilized lab activity from our pharma and biotech customers as their headcount reductions and restructurings have plateaued over the past several quarters. While instrumentation continues to remain pressured, in part because of the recent academic uncertainties, we did see continued year-over-year growth in our reagents again this quarter. We also continued to see strong demand for our resilient Diagnostics franchise, which grew 5% organically in the quarter. As highlighted in the past calls, our specialty diagnostic businesses have strong and durable underlying market growth drivers that are more immune to changes in the macroeconomic environment. Consequently, we continue to believe this segment of our company is already largely back to normal following the swings in demand during and following the pandemic. A great example of our unique diagnostic businesses being at the forefront of scientific innovation is our recent announcement of our expanded alliance with Genomics England to further drive research into Newborn Genomic Sequencing in England. Under the new agreement, Revvity will now provide DNA sequencing services to screen newborns for rare genetic conditions, building upon our existing collaboration for DNA extraction services. This integrated end-to-end solution, supported by our localized lab facility, will accelerate the screening process and advance newborn health as part of the generation study. Genomics England's landmark initiative, which aims to screen up to 100,000 newborns for over 200 rare genetics disorders. This collaboration strengthens our position as a leader in Newborn Genomic Sequencing and sets a standard for future programs. We are proud to contribute to this critical program by delivering timely and reliable sequencing data to support newborn health in England over the next several years. I'm also proud that earlier this month, we secured FDA approval for a more automated platform that is integrated with our T-SPOT latent TB test. This combination, which was initially launched outside the US late last year, allows laboratories to enhance productivity, while maintaining superior clinical performance in latent tuberculosis detection. This milestone marks a significant advancement in the fight against TB, providing a faster high-throughput solution that delivers accurate diagnostic results to support timely treatment and containment, both in the US and globally. By automating T-SPOT TB testing, we equipped laboratories with increased throughput and reliability, ultimately leading to better patient outcomes. Considering the US market represents slightly more than half of all latent TB tests performed globally, this is an important launch in the most important market in the world for latent TB testing. I'm excited to see this new offering in the US ramp up over the coming months and quarters. I now want to take a minute and shine a spotlight on our fantastic Signals Software business, which I think does not garner the appreciation from the investor community that it should. This business, which represents approximately 8% of our total revenue, grew slightly more than 20% organically in the first quarter and we expect even stronger growth for it in the second quarter. This performance positions Signals to deliver another year of strong double-digit growth overall. In addition to the commercial execution, it was also exciting to see the launch of our new Signals One offering earlier this month. Signals One is our newly reimagined version of the core Signals data platform. An all-in-one solution designed to manage data across our customers' scientific workflows with new and expanded AI capabilities. This offering builds on our new product launches last year of Signals Clinical and Signals Synergy, which are off to strong starts in their first year on the market. Looking ahead, Signals continues to have a very promising new product pipeline with the upcoming launches of [logistics] (ph) and additional biologic-related offerings, which we expect to bring to the market in the coming quarters. It was also great to secure a recent court ruling in our favor to ensure uninterrupted access and business as usual for our Spotfire customers for many years into the next decade. Finally, it was encouraging to see a recent sale transaction announced for one of our key competitors in this space, which reflects the tremendous value and capabilities our offerings provide to our customers. Signals has an even stronger growth rate and a more ingrained enterprise footprint than anyone else in our industry and benefits from the intense customer relationships of our broader life sciences franchise. By leveraging our internal R&D capabilities to provide unique and responsive assistance for new product development and capitalizing on our broader pharma and customer relationships, along with favorable market trends, Signals is in a great position to continue to generate very strong results for a very long time in the future. Overall, we had an eventful, but successful start to the year. The power of Revvity's specialized offerings and importance of delivering significant innovation to our customers was clearly on display. As we have shown during periods of disruption over the last few years, we have a unique capability to navigate these unforeseen challenges and continue to execute. While no company is completely immune from broader end market trends and geopolitical developments, I'm confident that Revvity will continue to be able to show differentiated performance amongst our peers and with our customers. I also want to provide you some thoughts and comments as it pertains to the current tariff situation and its potential impact on Revvity. First, this is clearly a very dynamic situation, which seems to be changing on a nearly daily basis. So it is a bit of a constantly moving target. Second, we have had a cross-functional task force evaluating a variety of scenarios since shortly after the election. So we have been contingency planning for many different potential outcomes well before the first week of April. Third, as soon as the initial round of tariffs was announced, our teams immediately started taking a number of actions in an effort to mitigate potential impacts. These efforts include proactive inventory positioning, geographical manufacturing adjustments, engaging alternative suppliers and selective pricing actions. In addition to these efforts, we have also implemented some additional temporary cost actions to offset the impact from the remaining unmitigated tariff-related pressures in the second half of the year. Based on our actions to date, which will largely be implemented by the end of this quarter, we expect to be able to mitigate most of the currently contemplated tariff impact by the end of June. Consequently, while we foresee a headwind from the current tariffs here in the second quarter, we expect we will have largely offset their impact on our 2025 results by the time we enter the second half of the year and will work to minimize any lingering effects in the future years. While Max will provide more details in a bit, based on the current tariff situation, if we would not have taken any actions, we would expect to see a gross impact of approximately $135 million this year to our adjusted operating income. However, based on what we know today, with the aggressive actions we are taking, we expect to be able to mitigate the vast majority of this potential impact. We currently expect the net impact from the current tariff situation will negatively impact our adjusted operating margins by approximately 60 basis points this year. As mentioned, we anticipate the vast majority of the headwind to occur here in the second quarter as our tariff-related initiatives fully ramp up by the time we enter the second half. We are able to offset this near-term pressure with favorable below-the-operating-line execution and a less severe headwind from FX. Consequently, we are reaffirming our full-year adjusted EPS outlook of $4.90 to $5. In a sign to the uniqueness and durability of our business, we are also reaffirming our full year organic growth outlook of 3% to 5% as the academic and instrumentation headwinds we are now factoring in for the remainder of the year are offset by even stronger expected performance from our Software business and increased growth in reproductive health due to recent commercial partnership successes. Overall, we are keeping a close eye on the dynamic macroenvironment and will continue to pivot as necessary to execute at a high level in all market conditions. Revvity was built to thrive during periods such as this, which will only make us even stronger once the current macro uncertainty subsides. With that, I will now turn the call over to Max.
Max Krakowiak: Thanks, Prahlad, and good morning, everyone. As Prahlad mentioned, while we have been navigating an evolving and dynamic macroenvironment so far this year, we were still able to deliver very solid first-quarter results because of our strong execution on those items, which are more fully within our control and our unique mix of businesses. Our industry has faced a multitude of headwinds over the last 2.5 years, which have continued so far in 2025. During this time, we have still been able to grow our top-line organically, increase our margins through synergy realization and optimizations and drive below the line improvements, which have helped support our earnings per share performance during this period. As you are likely well aware, our industry has also faced new challenges over the last few months, which were unanticipated when we first provided our intentionally prudent guidance in late January. First, given the changing landscape as it pertains to academic funding in the US, we have seen customers pull back with their spending for both instrumentation and consumables, given the increased uncertainty over the future of their funding. While the executive order to reduce indirect funding levels is currently held up in the courts and funding currently remains intact, we have seen it have an impact on buying behavior over the last few months. For the time being, we expect this more cautious level of spending from our US academic customers to persist until there is more clarity and stability regarding their future funding levels. As a reminder, revenue from our academic customers in the US represents a little over 5% of our total company revenue overall. As it pertains to the ever-evolving tariff situation, Revvity is well-positioned overall. Based on the situation as it currently exists today, I see three main focus areas that we are appropriately navigating. First, for those products, which we historically have manufactured in the US and sold into China, which represent the majority of the $135 million gross tariff impact estimated this year. And then secondly, those products which are manufactured in Europe and sold in the US. Lastly, we are focused on how we leverage our operational agility to capitalize on potential opportunities that arise from the changing macro landscape. As it pertains to those products currently made in the US and sold in China, through a number of initiatives, many of which were already underway before the new administration took office, we expect to almost fully neutralize this impact operationally within the next two months. For the impact stemming from those products made in Europe and the UK, which are sold in the US, we are aggressively taking a number of different actions to offset the impact, including adjusting our manufacturing, working with suppliers, implementing selective pricing actions and taking incremental temporary cost actions across the entire business so long as these headwinds remain this year. So, as Prahlad mentioned, we do expect to incur some impact from the current tariffs here in the second quarter, but we will have our initiatives fully in place over the next two months to counter their impact as we enter the second half of the year. We are also able to offset the associated approximate $0.12 adjusted EPS impact from the tariffs through our continued successful tax planning initiatives and more favorable FX, allowing us to reiterate our adjusted EPS outlook for the year of $4.90 to $5. Now turning to the specifics of our first quarter performance. Overall, the company generated revenue of $665 million in the quarter, resulting in 4% organic growth. FX was a 1% headwind to growth and we again had no incremental contribution from acquisitions. As it relates to our P&L, we generated 25.6% adjusted operating margins in the quarter, which was up modestly year-over-year and above our expectations. This was driven by strong expense management and favorable mix. We will continue to closely monitor our expense structure given the current macroenvironment in an effort to maintain our strong profitability levels, while still continuing to invest internally in areas with high return potential. Looking below the line, our adjusted net interest and other expense was $18 million in the quarter, which was slightly impacted by higher-than-expected FX volatility. Our adjusted tax rate was 19.5% in the quarter, which was lower than our expectations due to the favorable impact of recent tax planning initiatives. We also continue to remain active with our share repurchase program and averaged 120.2 million diluted shares in the quarter, which was down nearly 1.5 million shares sequentially. This all resulted in our adjusted EPS in the first quarter being $1.01, which was $0.07 above our expectations. Moving beyond the P&L, we had another strong quarter from a cash perspective as we generated free cash flow of $118 million in the quarter, resulting in 97% conversion of our adjusted net income. Cash remains a bright spot as we continue to diligently manage our working capital and we expect to receive additional divestiture-related inflows in the second half of the year. As I mentioned regarding capital deployment, we have stayed active so far this year with our buyback program as we repurchased $154 million worth of shares in the first quarter and have continued to remain opportunistic during these periods of increased uncertainty, given our confidence in our long-term potential. As it relates to our balance sheet, we finished the quarter with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio of 2.4 times, with 100% of our debt being fixed rate, with a weighted average interest rate of 2.6% and maturity out another seven years. As we evaluate capital deployment, we will continue to remain flexible in order to capitalize on the highest return opportunities while maintaining our investment-grade credit rating. I will now provide some commentary on our first quarter business trends, which is also included in the quarterly slide presentation on our Investor Relations website. The 4% growth in organic revenue in the quarter was comprised of 2% growth in our Life Sciences segment and 5% growth in Diagnostics. Geographically, we grew in the mid-single-digits in both the Americas and Europe, while Asia grew in the low-single-digits, with China also growing low-single-digits. From a segment perspective, our Life Sciences business generated revenue of $340 million in the quarter. This was up 1% on a reported basis and 2% on an organic basis. From a customer perspective, sales to pharma biotech customers grew in the low-single-digits whereas sales into academic and government customers declined in the low-single-digits in the quarter. Our Life Science Solutions business declined in the low-single-digits in the quarter, with continued declines in instrumentation offset by solid growth in reagents. Our Signals Software business was again a highlight in the quarter as it was up a little over 20% year-over-year organically. The business continued to perform well from an ARR, ATV and net retention rate perspective as well, with all metrics at or slightly above full-year levels from last year. In our Diagnostics segment, we generated $324 million of revenue in the quarter, which was up 3% on a reported basis and 5% on an organic basis. From a business perspective, our immunodiagnostics business grew high-single-digits organically during the quarter, which was in line with expectations. The business continues to perform well as its strong growth this quarter was driven by continued strength in the Americas and solid uptake of recent menu expansions. Our reproductive health business grew low-single-digits organically in the quarter. Newborn screening continued to perform well and grew high-single-digits globally, which was driven by outstanding operational and commercial execution, given continued headwinds from global birth rates. In regards to China specifically, we had low-single-digit organic growth overall in the first quarter, which consisted of a decline in Life Sciences offset by high-single-digit growth in Diagnostics. Stimulus was not a significant factor on our business to start the year as instrumentation in the region remained pressured. Looking ahead, we are only assuming a modest amount of stimulus over the rest of the year coming from programs which have already been announced and are currently being dispersed. I now want to provide some additional color as it pertains to our updated outlook for the full year. As mentioned, we are reaffirming our organic growth outlook for the year of 3% to 5% growth, but with a slightly different composition than we had previously assumed. First, we are now factoring in slower demand from our academic customers, particularly in the US, which is largely impacting our instrumentation, but is also having some impact on the demand for our reagents as well. This slightly slower assumed growth for the full year in our Life Science Solutions unit is resulting in a 100 basis point headwind to total company organic growth for the year. However, this headwind is being fully offset by even more robust expected growth in our Software business and stronger performance in reproductive health, given the recent success of a number of commercial partnerships coming to fruition. This resiliency speaks to the uniqueness of our company and our ability to continue to generate differentiated financial results throughout varying macroenvironments as well as our appropriately prudent initial outlook to start the year. With the weaker dollar impacting FX, we now anticipate our revenue this year to be in the range of $2.83 billion to $2.87 billion. Moving down the P&L, we now expect our adjusted operating margins to be in the range of 27.9% to 28.1%, which is down 60 basis points from our prior outlook due to the tariff-related pressures we expect to incur predominantly in the second quarter. This impact equates to an approximate $0.12 headwind to our full-year adjusted EPS. If the tariffs were to subside in the coming months, we would likely look to maintain most of our new manufacturing footprint flexibility while rolling back the majority of the temporary belt-tightening actions we are currently taking. Consequently, we would not expect to meaningfully change the operating margin or full year earnings outlook that we have provided here today. As mentioned, due to our continued successful tax planning initiatives, along with less of a headwind from FX, we expect to be able to fully offset this impact to our earnings. We now forecast our adjusted tax rate this year to be 19%, our net interest and other to be approximately $75 million and an average diluted share count of approximately 119 million. This all results in our adjusted earnings per share for the year expected to continue to be in the range of $4.90 to $5. Regarding our outlook for the second quarter, we anticipate organic growth to be in the positive 2% to 4% range, resulting in total expected revenue in the range of $700 million to $715 million. We anticipate our below-the-line items in the second quarter to be fairly similar to those we just reported for the first quarter, with an approximate 119 million average diluted share count. We expect this to result in our adjusted EPS in the second quarter to be in the range of $1.13 to $1.15. Overall, we had a strong start to the year as we were able to overcome a number of unforeseen challenges. The macroenvironment is currently in a period of elevated volatility and uncertainty, which is limiting what would have likely been an even stronger year than we had contemplated 90 days ago. As we look ahead, we will remain diligent and execute on those items which are more fully within our control by quickly pivoting to capitalize on commercial opportunities that present themselves, while also responding operationally to mitigate new challenges that arise. Revvity has a strong team and a differentiated business, which allows us to continue to perform at a high level through evolving macroenvironments, while remaining well-positioned to benefit when market trends become more favorable. With that, operator, we would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Patrick Donnelly from Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey, guys, thanks for taking the questions. Maybe one, not surprisingly, start off on the tariff side. Can you guys talk about that piece, the US into China? It sounds like $135 million gross impact. You're going to neutralize that. I think you said it was in two months. Can you talk about first what those products are? What you guys are doing to shift around and offset that? And just how you're able to do it so quickly? I mean, other companies are talking about a far longer timeline to shift around to manufacturing footprint or get around some of that US to China. So we'd love to just talk through what you're doing, what those products are and the confidence level you can contain that into 2Q.
Prahlad Singh: Hey, Patrick, good morning. Let me start and then Max will chime in. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we didn't start this in April, right? We started this just right after the election and the process of moving products, building redundancy in our supply chain and ensuring product availability into China specifically has been an ongoing exercise for us over the last few months. And then that's why sort of we have built that resiliency in our supply chain. Max?
Max Krakowiak: Yes. I think the other piece I'd add too is, I think we continue to prove that we are an agile and nimble company and that we are able to sort of quickly navigate what is a very dynamic macroenvironment. I think the other piece, just to answer your question in terms of what products, Patrick. If you remember, most of our Diagnostics business is in China, for China. And so, you -- really you're talking about the Life Science products that are being sold into China.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe the Life Science Solutions guide, Max, I know you talked a little bit about the moving pieces there. I think overall, that segment is low single previously. It sounds like instruments moved lower, software maybe a little higher. I think software was double before. Can you just talk through the moving pieces there? And then the reagents, you mentioned the academic piece is maybe a little bit affected. I believe that was kind of 3% or 4% growth guide before. Can you talk about that piece, what you're seeing academic versus biopharma? Would love to just break down that segment a little bit. Thank you, guys.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, sure. So I think when you look at the Life Sciences guide overall for the full year, it does remain unchanged mostly from what we had said 90 days ago, maybe a little bit slightly lower. Remember, in Life Science Solutions, now we have two components. You have the Life Sciences Solutions business and then you have our Software business. I think, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, on the Life Science Solutions side, instrumentation is more pressured versus our assumption 90 days ago. I would say on the reagent side, we still are expecting solid growth for the year, albeit maybe a little bit slower on the pressure from academic and government, but still solid growth for the year. And then I think on the Software side, that's where you're really seeing the majority of the offset, where we are now expecting stronger growth versus the low-double-digits we had assumed 90 days ago.
Patrick Donnelly: Appreciate it, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly from Citi.
Prahlad Singh: Sammy, Patrick just asked his question [Multiple Speakers] Thank you.
Operator: Apologies. Our next question comes from Dan Brennan from TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Dan Brennan: Thank you. Thanks for taking the questions. Great. Thanks for the questions. Maybe the first one just on China. I think you said low-single digits in the quarter. Just kind of wondering if you can unpack how you expect 2Q rest of year to play out for China. And are you seeing any impact from the government towards Revvity and/or other Western vendors just given the heightened political tensions that have been introduced here under the Trump administration?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Dan, I mean, I wouldn't classify it as any heightened pressure or attention or specific to Revvity. Overall, there is obviously a sense of awareness as to what's happening in the marketplace. If you recall, for our diagnostics business, all our reproductive health in China is in China for China. We've done that over the past decade. And on the Immunodiagnostics side, most of our -- all of our products goes from Europe into China. So we pretty much have had that in place for a period of time. And on the Life Sciences side, to Patrick's question, as Max mentioned earlier, that's the one where we have been working over the last few months to ensure that there is supply chain redundancy in market to ensure that we have a smooth supply of products into China on the Life Sciences side of the business.
Max Krakowiak: Yes. Then just to add from a numbers perspective, Dan. I think as we look at China for the rest of the year, our expectation for the full-year is positive low-single-digit growth in China. Life Sciences, we expect to have a slight decline year-over-year. And then on the Diagnostics side, we are anticipating roughly mid-single digit growth. So not too much change from our previous assumptions.
Dan Brennan: Got it. And then maybe just a follow-up to the first question, just maybe unpacking a little bit more of the changes. So just kind of doing the math, so for US academic and government, you guys said 5% of revenues. What's kind of baked in now for the year from that front? And on the flip side, you talked about a positive offset being reproductive health and these new partnerships. Just wondering if you can unpack that a little bit and kind of what's changed on the outlook on that front? Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. So I guess first on the academic and government expectations, we don't guide by end market, Dan, but we are factoring in now the slower expectations from academic and governments, particularly in the US. I think is, again, as you look at the full-year overall, right, we've baked in about 100 basis point headwind from the academic and government customers and that's being offset half by our software business and then half by our reproductive health business. I think on reproductive health, in particular, we've mentioned the extension or expansion of the contract in partnership with Genomics England. And then as you saw from the first quarter results, newborn screening continues to perform well globally.
Max Krakowiak: Operator, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Sykes from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Matt Sykes: Thank you, and good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just for my first question to focus on the Signals business, software business, just given it's now becoming -- even though it's 8% of total revenues, it's now becoming a pretty important offset this year, just given all the macro headwinds. Could you maybe kind of give us a refresh on the competitive landscape, how you're winning business? And what is sort of the margin impact as that business scales to the group and what -- how you can drive margin expansion just from that business or is it too small currently to be able to be a big driver this year.
Prahlad Singh: Hey, Matt, good morning. Our software business continues to benefit from favorable market dynamics given the growing adoption. But more importantly, if you look at the drivers across the board, we continue to have strong new business wins, opportunity to upsell and expand with a very strong retention rate. The new NPIs, Signal synergy and Signals, clinical that we've talked about have had good initial success and we also are looking at the opportunity to expand into the material science markets. But if we look at the portfolio, this is really a crown jewel in our portfolio that I hope it gets the attention that it deserves because what it also provides for us as a company strong synergies and benefit that we have by having Signals as part of our portfolio along with Life Sciences Solution franchise, because both from a new product development perspective, the Signals business leverages the capability of what our Life Sciences portfolio brings to fore. So overall, I think we benefit in the marketplace. We have a strong competitive position and we look for the disruption that is right now going through in that marketplace.
Matt Sykes: Got it. Thank you very much. And then just maybe just drilling down on ImmunoDx, a pretty decent result in the quarter. Could we just kind of get -- maybe get some regional color, wondering if the US had any kind of tariff pull forward just given the acceleration of high-single-digits or was it a comp effect or just sort of the market getting back to normal? And given your comments of sort of return to normalization overall for Diagnostics is sort of that mid-single-digit growth kind of what we should assume is what you would classify as normal given market conditions? Thanks.
Max Krakowiak: I think from a Immunodiagnostics standpoint, the business continues to perform well globally. I think when you look in the US, it continue to be a strong quarter of growth. And I think once that you'll continue to see that trend persist as we go throughout the year here. I wouldn't say that there's anything unique to call out in terms of a pull forward or anything of that nature in regards to our first quarter results.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. And specifically, Matt, as I pointed out earlier, more on the diagnostics side, everything is either in China or China going from Europe into China. So there was no pull forward from a tariff's perspective.
Matt Sykes: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Good morning, Prahlad, and congrats on a nice execution here. The -- I guess my first question going back to tariffs, the $135 million, that's a 400 -- north of 450 basis points of gross headwinds to gross margins. That seems slightly higher versus what we've heard from some of your peers so far. So maybe just talk about what is the updated gross margin assumption and how are we offsetting north of 450 basis points of GP headwinds? Is there some new cost actions that's being planned?
Prahlad Singh: Let me just start and then Max will join in. Vijay, the $135 million number was assuming we would have not done anything. So just to provide a level of clarity, it would assume that we would just be on an as-is basis beginning of the year and we would continue to do business as usual and not make any changes. So I just want to make sure you guys don't get hung up on a number. The idea was to give what the frame of reference would have been had we not done anything. Obviously, as we said over the past four months, we've taken a significant number of actions to ensure that there is a redundancy in our supply chain and we have mitigated a vast majority of that.
Max Krakowiak: And then I think in terms of the financials, Vijay, obviously, this will provide a headwind from a gross margin perspective. I would expect our 2Q gross margin to be closer to 60% versus what it's been historically running at over the past couple of quarters of 61.5% to 62.5%. So I think from that perspective, you would see that sort of pop up here in the second quarter. But as Prahlad mentioned, we've been taking sort of quick proactive measurements to counteract the tariff impact. We are taking some additional belt tightening here in the second half for any unmitigated tariff impact that there might be exiting the second quarter. And I think we're really sort of proud of the way we as a team here have really reacted and put ourselves in an extremely competitive position to take advantage of the potential disruption here with tariffs.
Vijay Kumar: Yes, that's helpful, Max. Maybe, Prahlad, one on pharma. I know you don't guide by the end markets, but we've been getting some questions on the potential perhaps R&D to slow down here. What is -- can you just remind us what is pharma as a percentage of total company revenues and where is this exposure? Is this R&D versus clinical? And what trends you're seeing from your customers? What are customers telling you right now?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Vijay. Just let me give you a sense of the broad trends. Again, most of what we sell and our captive audience continues to be on the preclinical side still, right? And as we pointed out in our prepared remarks, we continue to see stabilization, I would say, on the reagents side of the business and the impact of what we've seen quarter-over-quarter has continued to be sustained. The question, Max, highlight on the -- on the numbers.
Max Krakowiak: Yes. In terms of the overall exposure for pharma biotech, it's roughly 35% of total company revenue, Vijay.
Vijay Kumar: Fantastic. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Catherine Schulte from Baird. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Catherine Schulte: Hey, guys. Thanks for the questions and thank you for the very clear messaging around tariffs. It's been very helpful. Maybe just on that topic, as we think about the mitigation actions you guys are taking, any way to kind of quantify what's coming from changing manufacturing versus cost actions versus pricing or just kind of a general thought around those pieces? Thank you.
Max Krakowiak: Yes. I would say as you look at the sort of the mitigation of again the gross $135 million tariff headwind. The majority of the offset there, I would say, is actually on the supply chain side and changing a little bit how we do our manufacturing, Catherine. I would say that takes care of roughly 75%, 80% of the number. I would say the remaining portion of it is a combination of either changing out suppliers or passing on selective pricing actions. And then as we've mentioned, there is a little bit of additional belt tightening here on overall expenses in the second half of the year. But again, the vast majority is really around the supply chain manufacturing.
Catherine Schulte: Great. Thank you. And then you mentioned latent TB in your prepared remarks. How much of that business is tied to migrants and immigrants? And any concerns just given some of the action taken by this administration?
Max Krakowiak: Yes. Great question, Catherine. I think as you look at the latent TB market, again, if you remember where we play from a TB perspective, we are more heavily indexed to outside the US. It is a strategic initiative for us to become more focused in the US, which with the recent announcement around the automated workflow, we expect to start to gain more traction in the US. So from that standpoint, if there is any noise around the immigration in the US in particular, it's not something that would have a material impact on us as a company overall.
Catherine Schulte: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Arias from Stifel. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Daniel Arias: Hi, good morning, guys. Thank you. Prahlad or Max, on the Signals business, which sounds like it's doing pretty well right now. What kind of step down should we assume in the back half of the year? It seems like you're north of 20% for the first half of the year. So you could move down to a mid-single-digit level and you'd still be in the mid-teens range by just some rough math. So, how should we think about the full year for Signals? And I guess longer-term, just given the trajectory of the business and how confident you sound in it, is there a potential upside to, I think, the 9% to 11% that you laid out at the Analyst Day for the LRP there? Thanks.
Max Krakowiak: Yes. Hey, Dan. So I think, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are incredibly excited about the performance of our Signals business. It's an incredibly strong first quarter. We expect the rest of the year to be strong. When you look at it from a financial perspective, I would say the second half is still going to be strong sort of double-digit growth here. I think for the full year, it's probably closer to upper-teens level from an organic growth standpoint. In terms of your question on the LRP, I think we've been appropriate in our expectation over the long term of how we expect this business to perform. I think, as we've mentioned, there can be some ebbs and flows within a given year. But again, in the metrics that we really look at from a software perspective around our ARR, the net retention rate, what the APV growth is, the business that continues to perform extremely well, and we believe that this portfolio is a real differentiator for us as a company.
Daniel Arias: Okay. Helpful. Prahlad, maybe just strategically on M&A, can you just touch on where you see your appetite for deals? We've gotten questions, I'm sure much like others on just some of the assets that are in the market, some on the larger side. Do you see yourself as being potentially acquisitive and particularly on something larger than maybe a bolt-on over the next 12 months to 18 months?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Dan, as a practice, we don't comment on any particular deal, whether we have an interest on it or not. But as a company, as we've -- as you've seen and observed, we continue to evaluate areas of investment both organically and inorganically. I mean, over the past 3.5 years since the BioLegend acquisition in 2021, we've been mostly organic in nature in terms of our investment, but we have a very active and a fertile pipeline. But I think the more important part is, post the transport -- full year transformation, we really don't need M&A to be financially successful. We have a strong organic profile now, which may not have been the case pre-transformation. So we feel really good with what we have today.
Daniel Arias: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Leonard from UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Dan Leonard: Thank you very much. First question on China. I appreciate that you've been planning countermeasures since the election on the tariff front. But can you help me better understand how you're managing the reagent exposure specifically? Having just toured BioLegend, it doesn't seem like that -- that's something you could spin up locally in a short period of time.
Prahlad Singh: Well, Dan, I'm glad you asked that question. But that demonstrates the agility of our company. I can tell you with a high degree of confidence that we have been able to do that and we have mitigated that by having availability of product into China, not from the US for all our reagents and instrumentations. That speaks volumes to the redundancy in our supply chain that we have put in place and the agility that this company has been able to do, and hopefully, the execution around that that you guys have observed since the portfolio transformation.
Dan Leonard: Understood. Thank you. And then a quick follow-up on the Signals business. Can you give us an update on your conversion to a SaaS model? And is it safe to assume that the progression towards SaaS has reverted a bit given the magnitude of the growth you just reported and expect for the full-year?
Max Krakowiak: Yes. Hey, Dan. In terms of the overall SaaS journey, I think it continues to be going as planned and we continue to make good traction in the conversion. Roughly probably at about a third of the portfolio now has been converted to SaaS. In terms of the dynamics within specifically 2025, there is still a piece of the portfolio that is still on-prem. And so that is some part of the revenue performance here in 2025. But again, as I mentioned, organic growth is just one of the metrics that we really look at in terms of the overall Signals business. I think the metrics again around the ARR growth, the net retention rate and the annual portfolio value growth are really the metrics that focus on the underlying performance of the business and those continue to perform well. And so, from that regard, I wouldn't say anything in terms of a change in our customer behavior. It's really been as planned for the Signals business and continues to outperform.
Dan Leonard: Appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Luke Sergott from Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Luke Sergott: Great. Thanks, guys. Actually wanted to ask a little bit longer-term question here. So I appreciate the moving manufacturing around for the tariffs here in 2Q and avoiding that. But as you think about your operating margin potential here longer-term, this is one of the better selling points of the story. So are the investments that you're taking now, does that kind of in the shifting the manufacturing, is that potential, put any pressure or inability to hit those longer-term margin targets? Or maybe even kind of accelerate that, make it better? Just kind of walk through the puts and takes on that?
Max Krakowiak: Yes. Hey, Luke. In terms of the LRP and our operating margin expectations, I would say those are largely remain unchanged. I think when you go and look at the 75 bps of operating margin expansion that we're calling out as a company long-term, the breakdown of it is 25 bps from the gross margin line and 50 bps from the operating margin line. That 50 bps from the operating margin line is really around the SG&A volume leverage as our growth does not really need a significant amount of investments from an SG&A perspective. And so nothing about the tariff situation really changes that algorithm. I think, in terms of the additional redundancy costs, I don't think it's meaningful enough for us long-term, where that's going to create a headwind to our operating margin targets. As you mentioned in your sort of opening comments there, we think our operating margins over the long term will continue to be a bright spot and differentiator for us as a company.
Luke Sergott: Awesome. And then last on the repro side, it was up low-singles, off of a high-single second half growth and then you have the Year of the Dragon. You had strong prenatal in that second half. You think a little bit more coming into the neonatal. Just talk about the various dynamics that you're seeing there and kind of the outlook for repro for the year?
Max Krakowiak: Yes. I think as you look at reproductive health for the full year, Luke, I would say there's really two things. One is that we do have the expansion of the commercial partnerships, particularly with Genomics England, that we mentioned in our prepared remarks. The second dynamic and the largest piece of our reproductive health business is our Newborn Screening business. And I think it's been a consistent strong performer over the past really 10 quarters or so in terms of really being able to outpace the global birth rates. And that's a testament to one, the geographic expansion; and two, the menu expansion, whether that's us coming out with new NPIs or getting additional states or government, to expand their additional testing capabilities -- or additional menu that they're testing for. So in that regard, that business just continues to perform incredibly well. And so I wouldn't say anything has really sort of fundamentally changed there. It's just continued strong performance on Newborn Screening and then you've got the expansion of the commercial partnerships.
Luke Sergott: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson from Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. I want to go back and visit the pharma instruments question. Just curious what you're assuming for the full year. Obviously, there's some concerns around pharma R&D cuts in response to tariffs? And then there's obviously FDA plans to phase out animal testing. That's a long phase in period. But you do have in vivo imaging. I think that's 25% of the Life Science business. You also have organoid offering cell imaging. So, how much -- how do you think your portfolio is positioned longer-term for that trend as well?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Hey, I -- good morning, Tycho. I think from our perspective, the way we look at specifically as you called out the in vivo offerings, it's usually -- I mean, as you know, it's used in its early research stage, not late-stage safety studies, which this policy may eventually impact. From our perspective, the roadmap calls out actually a number of areas which plays to our strength. If you look at high throughput cell-based screening, looking at refined in vivo methods for transition, micro-dosing capabilities are looking at ex vivo human tissues. So actually, if you think of it, our focus, which is more around small rodents and not in the monkey business, it's really helps refine and reduce the larger animal experiments that takes place. And the cell analysis portfolio is also well-positioned to drive the FDA 3.0 agenda. So, to -- from our part -- the way we look at this is actually it's more of a tailwind to us than a headwind.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then concerns around R&D cuts for pharma and the outlook for the year?
Prahlad Singh: Again, if it will impact, it will continue to be on the CapEx side of the funding. Our reagents business, especially on the pipeline that we have had, has done well over the last several quarters and it continues to show improvement quarter-over-quarter.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then a follow-up on consumables. You were up. A lot of your peers were down. I guess, can you say whether that was price capture? Is it share gains? If so, where do you think you're pulling share on the consumables side?
Max Krakowiak: Yes. I think it's always tough to speculate in terms of whether it's share gain and others results. And I think as we look at our portfolio and things that are more within our control, we continue to focus on our product differentiation. From a reagents perspective, we continue to focus on how we engage with our customers. And I think we continue to be pleased with the results of that business and our commercial execution.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you very much for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-31 02:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, everyone, and welcome to Revvity's Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. My name is Lydia, and I will be your operator today. After the prepared remarks, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] I'll now hand you over to Steve Willoughby, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations to begin. Please go ahead when you're ready.
Steve Willoughby: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Revvity's fourth quarter 2024 earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Prahlad Singh, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Max Krakowiak, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to remind you of the safe harbor statements outlined in our press release issued earlier this morning and those in our SEC filings. Statements or comments made on this call may be forward-looking statements, which may include, but may not be limited to, financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. I'll now turn it over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Prahlad Singh. Prahlad?
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. In 2024, we made substantial progress towards achieving Revvity's full potential. We expect this progress to be even more evident externally once industry demand more fully normalizes, which I believe we are now on a solid path towards as we start 2025. We've made meaningful strides in the last year by more fully integrating our recent acquisitions, capitalizing on initial synergy opportunities, rightsizing our operations for the company we've now become, all while bringing significant new innovations to market. We witnessed this progress every day within our organization, and it is becoming increasingly apparent externally as well. In 2024, we again outperformed most of our peers in terms of top line growth, margin expansion and adjusted EPS growth as our earnings per share were up a solid mid-single digits year-over-year. This differentiated performance was on display in the fourth quarter as we generated 6% organic growth overall with over 30% adjusted operating margins. This led our adjusted EPS to be $1.42, which was solidly ahead of our expectations. I expect this outperformance will continue as we move forward due to Revvity's significant operating leverage potential and differentiated growth prospects, which we believe will really start to shine through as pharma biotech spending continues to normalize. We are encouraged by the pharma biotech customer behavior we saw in the fourth quarter as our Life Science consumables continued to grow both sequentially and year-over-year. Given the fairly early cycle and quick turnover nature of our consumables due to their high degree of specificity, this was a promising sign that restructurings and other meaningful reductions from our pharma customers may now be behind us. However, we have yet to see a complete return to more normalized customer behavior given our continued softer trends during the latter part of 2024, particularly for our high-ticket life science instrumentation. Consequently, as Max will touch on more in a bit, we expect the stabilized demand environment we have seen from our pharma customers over the last two quarters to continue for the time being as we enter 2025, particularly given the increased uncertainties which exist today. With the industry's rebalancing of demand over the last two years, we feel it is appropriate to assume the current environment continues until we actually begin to see more meaningful and concrete improvements in overall demand. With this backdrop, we are looking for our total company organic growth in 2025 to be in the 3% to 5% range, which would be an improvement compared to the past couple of years, but still not fully back to what we believe is our normalized growth rate. Should demand start to improve more quickly than we are currently contemplating in this guidance, we would look to update our outlook appropriately as the year progresses. Following the last two years in which we actively manage our levels of internal spending, we are planning to step up our strategic internal investments in 2025 based on our expectation for organic growth to begin to improve this year. Despite this planned step-up in spending, we still expect adjusted operating margin expansion this year of approximately 20 to 40 basis points from the 28.3% we generated in 2024. We anticipate this will result in the third consecutive year of differentiated growth and margin performance within our industry. It was great to see many of you in person out in San Diego recently at our Investor Day, with many others joining us online. As we showed during this event, Revvity is having a meaningful impact on the advancement of science and medicine, which is directly impacting and improving patients' lives. We also provided a more in-depth look into our business and explain what makes us so unique and why we are so confident about our future potential. You also had the opportunity to hear more about our innovation pipeline and how we are working collaboratively across the company and with our strategic customer partners to bring new and differentiated advancements to market. For those who joined us in person, you also had the opportunity to see our beautiful and impressive BioLegend campus which is now our reagent center of excellence for the company and gain a greater understanding of what makes us so unique and well-positioned to continue to capitalize on opportunities in the future. We finished off the year with another strong quarter of innovation with the introduction of several new key capabilities such as a unique sample processing offering for cell and gene therapy customers which leverages our existing capabilities and allows us to enter completely new and emerging opportunities and exciting areas of science. We also are seeing good initial traction with some of our other recently introduced software offerings such as our Phenologic.AI software. This new offering, which I first told you about last quarter, is being rapidly adopted by important partners in the preclinical CRO space, allowing them to both become more efficient and unlock new insights, which were not possible in the past. We have also seen good initial traction with our newly introduced offerings in our Signals Software business such as Signals Clinical and Signals Synergy, with even more expected uptake of both of them this year. We also made good progress on continuing to execute on important strategic partnerships and joint new product introductions. In November, we announced an expansion of our long-running relationship with the U.K. government by broadening our relationship with Genomics England and its Generation Study, which aims to screen up to 100,000 newborns for approximately 200 rare genetic conditions. Utilizing a lab in Manchester, U.K., we were chosen to provide all the DNA extraction services for this study using our high-performance chemagic 360 instruments and related consumables. This is an exciting project which is aimed to advance genetic understanding in a broad population with the ultimate goal of eventually providing earlier diagnosis and interventions for rare genetic conditions in newborns. Revvity is honored to partner with Genomics England and contribute to this significant study, recognizing the profound potential it holds to positively impact the lives of future generations. Earlier this month, we also announced a strategic partnership with Element Biosciences to jointly commercialize an IVD workflow for neonatal sequencing. This initiative builds on our recently launched NGS workflow for newborn sequencing, which utilizes Element-Revvity sequencing system. Once this cutting edge IVD solution is approved and commercialized, it will highlight a continuation of our global leadership in newborn screening, while supporting Element's entry into the clinical diagnostic market. Now that we are well into our second year of our transformation as Revvity, we announced in mid-November that beginning in 2025, we will be re-segmenting the majority of what was our Applied Genomics business and moving it from our Diagnostics Reporting segment into our Life Sciences segment. We expect this change to benefit us both operationally and commercially. As part of this new segmentation, we are establishing a new Life Science Solutions business unit within our Life Sciences segment, which will consist of the former Applied Genomics businesses and our existing life sciences instruments, consumables, and technology and licensing businesses. The new Life Sciences Solutions unit will represent approximately 85% of our overall Life Sciences segment, with the remainder accounted for by our Signals Software business. As we previously highlighted, our financial reporting will reflect this change beginning with our first quarter 2025 quarterly results, which we will release next quarter. Overall, it appears we are now solidly on an upward trajectory heading into 2025 compared to what we and our industry have experienced over the past two years. However, we still have some uncertainty as to what the slope of this recovery will look like over the full year. So for the time being, we are assuming that the current demand environment continues for the entirety of the year. Revvity is a special company, one that is leveraging the impressive creativity, passion and knowledge base of our employees to allow us to be uniquely positioned to capitalize on where science and medicine are going in the future. We strongly believe that these efforts will result in both top-tier financial performance for our investors and dramatic advancements for patients around the world. With that, I will now turn the call over to Max.
Max Krakowiak: Thanks, Prahlad, and good morning, everyone. As Prahlad mentioned, we finished the year on a strong note as our fourth quarter results came in solidly above our expectations and guidance. While demand trends have not yet fully normalized amongst all our pharma customers, it does appear that they have at least stabilized and things may be starting to move in the right direction. As our markets continue to appear to be in a recovery phase, we remain diligent on those initiatives, which are more fully in our control. This was evident in both our quarterly adjusted operating margin performance of 30.3% and our high levels of cash generation. We leveraged our strong financial performance and balance sheet position to remain aggressive with our share repurchase activity in the quarter as we were able to buy back another $185 million worth of our shares. As we look ahead to 2025, we continue to be well positioned to deliver the differentiated financial performance we have achieved over each of the last two years. In the fourth quarter, the company generated total adjusted revenues of $730 million, resulting in 6% organic growth, which was above the high end of our expectations. The organic revenue growth outperformance fairly broad-based as both our Life Sciences and our Diagnostics segments performed slightly above our expectations in the quarter. Our life science reagents and software businesses performed above expectations, and we saw continued strength in our reproductive health business. This was offset by persisting challenges in our instrumentation business and greater-than-anticipated FX headwinds. FX was a 1% headwind, which was nearly 200 basis points worse than our expectations due to the stronger dollar over the last several months. We also again had no incremental contribution from acquisitions. For the full year, we generated $2.76 billion of total adjusted revenue, which was comprised of 1% organic growth modest FX headwinds and no impact from M&A. As it relates to our P&L, we generated 30.3% adjusted operating margins in the quarter which were in line with our expectations as some increased investments offset the organic growth upside. For full year, our adjusted operating margins were 28.3%, which represented approximately 30 basis points of expansion year-over-year and demonstrates the margin power of our business, given our only 1% organic growth for the year. Looking below the line, we had adjusted net interest and other expense of $17 million, which was in line with our expectations and brought the full year adjusted net interest and other expense to $43 million. Our adjusted tax rate was 15.7% in the quarter, as we continue to see benefits from our recent tax planning initiatives. This resulted in a full year adjusted tax rate of 18.4%. With an average diluted share count of $121.6 million in the quarter, this resulted in adjusted EPS in the fourth quarter of $1.42, which was $0.04 above the midpoint of our guidance and $0.02 above the high end, despite approximately $0.03 of pressure from the unanticipated FX headwinds. For the full year, our adjusted EPS was $4.90, which was $0.25 above the midpoint of our initial guidance at the beginning of the year and represented 5% growth year-over-year. Moving beyond the P&L. We again had a strong quarter from a cash perspective, generating free cash flow of $151 million in the quarter. This brought our full year free cash flow to $578 million equating to 96% conversion of our adjusted net income. Our focus on cash is clearly paying off, and I am excited about the potential for additional improvements in this area as we enter 2025. As for deploying this capital, we remained active in the fourth quarter by repurchasing another $185 million worth of our shares. This brought our full year 2024 buyback activity to $370 million and nearly $750 million over the last two years combined. Between our fourth quarter repurchases and some additional activities so far in January, we now have approximately $800 million remaining on the new $1 billion repurchase authorization we just received from our Board in October. Despite this activity, our balance sheet remains strong as we finish this year with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio of 2.3 times. I will now provide some commentary on our fourth quarter and full year business trends, which are also included in the quarterly slide presentation on our Investor Relations website. The 6% organic revenue growth in the quarter was comprised of 5% growth in our Life Sciences segment and 6% growth in Diagnostics. Geographically, we grew in the mid-single digits in the Americas, grew in the low-single digits in Europe and grew mid-single digits in Asia, with China up high single digits. For the full year, we achieved 1% organic growth with 4% growth in Diagnostics and a 3% decline in Life Sciences. The Americas grew low-single digits, Europe declined low-single digits, and Asia grew low-single digits, with China also declining low-single digits for the full year. Within China in the quarter, we experienced low-single-digit growth in Diagnostics with mid-single digit growth in both immunodiagnostics and reproductive health, offset by double-digit declines in applied genomics. We saw mid-teens growth in Life Sciences with high single-digit growth in our reagents and consumables and double-digit growth for our instrumentation. For the full year, China declined in the low-single digits organically with similar performance across both Diagnostics and Life Sciences, including mid-single digit growth in our immunodiagnostics and life science reagent businesses in the region. From a segment perspective, our Life Sciences business generated total adjusted revenue of $336 million in the quarter; this was up 5% on both a reported and organic basis. For the full year, our Life Sciences business was down low single digits organically. From a customer perspective, sales into pharma biotech customers rose in the in the mid-single digits quarter and declined in the low single digits for the year. The mid-single digit growth from pharma biotech in the fourth quarter was the first quarter of positive growth from this customer base since the first quarter of 2023. Sales into academic and government customers rose in the low single digits in the quarter and declined in the low single digits for the full year. Our Life Sciences instrument revenue represented about 27% of total Life Sciences revenue in 2024 and was down high digits in the quarter and down low double digits for the full year. Our reagent licensing and specialty pharma services revenue represented about 57% of Life Sciences revenue in 2024 and grew mid-single digits in the quarter and declined in the low single digits for the year, which included an approximately 300 basis point headwind from lower technology and licensing revenue year-over-year. Finally, our Signals Software business, which represented the remaining 16% of Life Sciences revenue in 2024, grew more than 30% in quarter and was up in the low teens for the year. As it pertains to some of software industry specific metrics, which we first highlighted at our recent Investor Day, our Signals business had over 30% growth in its SaaS annual recurring revenue 2024 with 106% net retention rate in its renewals. This resulted in another year of double-digit growth in its annualized portfolio value. In our Diagnostics segment, we generated $393 million of total adjusted revenue in the quarter, which was up 4% on a reported basis and 6% on an organic basis. For the full year, our Diagnostics business was up 4% organically. Our immunodiagnostics business represented 51% of our total diagnostic revenue in 2024, and grew organically in the mid-single digits quarter and was up high single digits for the full year. Our reproductive health business, which represented about 35% of total Diagnostics revenue in 2024, grew in the high single digits organically in the quarter and was up mid-single digits for the full year. Finally, our applied genomics business, which represented the remaining roughly 14% of total Diagnostics revenue in 2024, grew in the low single digits organically during the quarter, which was slightly better than we had anticipated and was down in the low double digits for the full year. This business continues to be impacted by lower levels of pharma biotech spend and the significant capacity build-out that occurred during the pandemic. However, it was encouraging to see a return to growth during the quarter, excluding COVID, for the first time since the third quarter of 2022. As a reminder, starting in 2025, most of our applied genomics business will be moving over to our Life Sciences segment with the remainder being folded into immunodiagnostics within our Diagnostics segment. Consequently, this will be the last quarter in which we specifically report on its quarterly performance as a business unit. Now, looking ahead to our outlook for 2025. As discussed, it does appear that demand trends from our Life Sciences customers have at least stabilized over the last few months and may be starting to show some signs of eventual improvement. We expect this path towards more historically normal levels of demand to continue throughout this year. However, for the time being, given the current political and regulatory uncertainties that exist, we are not assuming any significant improvement in our end markets this year. If things start to more meaningfully improve, it would represent upside to our current expectations. With this backdrop, we are looking for an improvement in our total company organic growth this year as compared to the more modest growth we've experienced each of last two years, but we are not currently expecting that things will be back to the more normalized levels of 6% to 8% growth, which we assume in our long-range plan. Consequently, our total company outlook for this year is for organic growth to be in the 3% to 5% range with balanced levels of growth expected throughout the year, including 3% to 5% organic growth expected here in the first quarter of the year. With the recent strength in the dollar, assuming exchange rates as of the end of December, FX is currently assumed to be a 1.5% headwind to our overall revenue for the year and an approximate 2% headwind here in the first quarter. This assumed FX headwind equates to an approximate $0.10 headwind to EPS for the year. This results in our reported revenue growth for the full year 2025 expected to be in the 1.5% to 3.5% range given no assumed contribution from acquisitions. We expect this all to result in our 2025 total revenue to be in a range of $2.8 billion to $2.85 billion overall. As Prahlad mentioned, after two years of restructuring and more restricted levels of investment spending, we are planning to step up our strategic internal investments in 2025. Despite this planned step-up in investments, the power of our margin potential is still expected to be on display as we are assuming 20 basis points to 40 basis points of operating margin expansion overall this year, resulting in our adjusted operating margins being in the 28.5% to 28.7% range overall. We had fantastic performance as it pertains to our cash generation in 2024, which I anticipate will continue this year. However, we will have a significantly lower level of interest income this year given our lower cash balances after paying off over $700 million in low-cost debt last year and lower overall returns on our cash following recent rate cuts. Consequently, we expect our net interest expense and other to be approximately $70 million this year, up from the $43 million net expense we had last year, but consistent with the quarterly run rate shown here in the fourth quarter. As we had also previewed at our Investor Day in November, we expect recent global tax reform to have some modest upward pressure on our tax rate this year, which we are actively working to offset through our planning initiatives. We currently expect the net impact of this to result in our full year adjusted tax rate to be approximately 20%, up from the 18.4% we had in 2024. Lastly, we are anticipating a full year average diluted share count of approximately $120 million, which assumes modest repurchase activity continues throughout the year. We expect all of this to result in our full year 2025 adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $4.90 to $5, with approximately 19% our full year earnings to occur in the first quarter given a higher initial tax rate expected to start the year. Given our strong focus and continued progress on our cash generation initiatives, we expect this to result in free cash flow of approximately $500 million this year, which does not include an additional approximate $50 million of anticipated proceed we expect to receive from AES divesture. Overall, we had a strong finish to 2024 and expect to see improving trends in 2025, which should position us well to move back to more normal levels of growth in the future. Despite our planned step-up in investment spending, we expect another solid year of margin expansion with even more opportunities in front of us once we return to more robust levels of top-line growth. Overall, Revvity is starting to externally show its transformed and differentiated financial potential as a company while continuing to deliver significant new innovations to the market, which are having a profound impact on patients' lives. With that, operator, we would now like to open up the call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Doug Schenkel with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: All right. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for taking my questions. There's two topics I'd like to address. First, as you noted, you closed the year with better than peer growth and better margin expansion than we've seen across the group. You also noted that the industry and a lot of your end markets and categories are continuing to normalize, and you expect continued improvement as especially pharma and biotech normalized this year. At the same time, your guidance prudently assumes a continuation of current market conditions. With all that in mind, I'm wondering if you would be willing to talk about what you are seeing in a bit more detail? And what I mean by that is, as you specifically look at your key your key end markets, product categories and geographic exposure, what are the major areas where you would say things are back to normal, where are the things were -- or areas where you would say we're getting close? And what are the key areas that are lagging in recovery? And I guess, what could happen to accelerate the recovery, for example, maybe things like a better funding environment for early-stage biopharma? So that's the first, and I know that's a lot, but I think that will be helpful as we kind of think about the error bars around guidance. The second topic is, I'll probably ask the first of many questions on China. You had a notably strong end to the year with high single-digit growth, I believe. What does your guidance assume for core growth within the region this year? How are you thinking about stimulus within the context of guidance? And what about VBP? How are you treating that in guidance? That's obviously a key area of focus coming out of earlier earnings reports this week. Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Good morning to you, Doug. There's a lot to unpack there. Hopefully, I won't forget the second half by the time I start addressing the first half of the question. Look, it's a very good question and very pertinent as to the way we lay out our assumptions on the guidance. Let me just start at the higher level. We clearly see that we are getting to a path to recovery. However, as we've continuously said, the pace of return to what normal looks like is still a little uncertain. And given that uncertainty, it's only prudent for us to assume that the current environment continues over all of 2025 for now. Having said that, to specifically address your question around what's normal and what's close to normal and what still needs some work, I think as you saw, this is the second quarter in a row on the Life Sciences reagent side that we've started seeing mid-single digit growth. In terms of what is closer to what is normal, let's go back and look at our Diagnostics business. That is where we are in our LRP, where we see around 6% growth. Our software business, that's in what is normal. It's in the low-double digits growth. I think the reagents, as I said, is the piece that is getting closer to normal and the Life Sciences instruments where a lot of the CapEx spending comes from is still not on path to what we assume normalcy or path to recovery. On the China side, and I think the way to assume is that we expect that we will return to growth for the Life Sciences instruments in 2025 in China. We saw modest orders coming in from the stimulus impact in the 4Q expectation. Our expectation for China overall is to be in line with what our company growth is. Anything I'm missing from his question list, Max?
Max Krakowiak: No, I think the only other piece I'd add is, so the expectation again for China overall for 2025 is in line with the company average. So call it 3% to 5%. Life Sciences is probably at the higher end of that expectation, diagnostics at the lower end of that range. I think to address your question on BBD, as we've mentioned and been consistent, our assumption in immunodiagnostics in China is for mid-single-digit growth. That's what we've embedded in there for 2025, and that includes a mid-single-digit pricing headwind that we've been facing over the past couple of years. And when you look on the Life Sciences side, in terms of stimulus, as Prahlad mentioned, we did see some modest orders come through in the fourth quarter. We are assuming modest performance from stimulus in 2025, but it's not material to the overall company. Things continue to work their way through the system. But until we see continued more traction there. I think we have a modest assumption in our guidance for now. Operator, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vijay Kumar: Hi, guys. Good morning, Prahlad. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe my first one is, the guide of 2% to 5%, how did the segment outlooks compare relative to 3% to 5% and perhaps what drives the low-end versus the high-end? What changes?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I think as we look at the guidance for the full year, Vijay, the breakdown for the segments would be, Diagnostics, would be above the 3% to 5% average for the company, so call it at the upper end of mid-single digits. And then for Life Sciences, sort of in the middle of that low single-digit range. I think in terms of your question, in terms of the upsides and downsides, I would point you back to some of our overall just assumptions and how we thought about the guidance and that it's overall fairly balanced and that we're not assuming any real change to the current market environment and that we've got some, I would say, prudency baked in there, just given some of the uncertainty right now from a regulatory and geopolitical standpoint. So I think our guide is fairly balanced. There could be things that go one way or the other across both our Life Sciences and Diagnostics business, but we've taken sort of a prudent and balanced approach for our current guidance assumptions.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. And Prahlad, a follow-up for you. Reagents looks like it did quite well, mid-singles. It feels like it's doing slightly better than perhaps some of the numbers we've seen within the peer set. I'm curious, are you gaining any market share here within reagents? And how should we think of reagents growth in fiscal 2025, given you said pharma customers were acting a little bit better?
Prahlad Singh: Again, Vijay, as we talked about, our Investors Day, the portfolio that we have around reagents that has some -- a lot of our innovation going in. I think we've been gaining share there over a period of time. And I think you are seeing the impact of that. We are also -- the way our reagent flow happens, when we get on a program, it is there for several quarters and you see the impact of that quarter-over-quarter. So the portfolio continues to do very well. The innovation there is starting to yield dividends us. So we feel really good about how our reagents business is performing.
Vijay Kumar: Sorry, the fiscal 2025, is that mid-singles for reagents?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. So I think if you look at our guidance for 2025, Vijay, again, I mentioned Life Sciences should be in the low single digits overall for the full year. And underneath that, Life Sciences Solutions, began as our new reporting segment, we have an assumption of low single digits and then our software business assumption for 2025 is low double digits. And then when you look at the reagents and instruments mix underneath Life Sciences Solutions, reagents should be growing faster than the overall Life Sciences Solution and platforms will be slightly below it.
Vijay Kumar: Fantastic. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Please go ahead.
Patrick Donnelly: Hi, guys. Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Max, maybe one for you. I got a few questions on the 1Q guide being a little bit below expectations. Can you just talk about kind of the offset hitting that earnings number in 1Q and visibility on the margin build as we go through the year, to your point there, reagents seem to be coming back a little bit. That helps with the margins. I'm sure FX is an offset. So it would be helpful just to talk about kind of the op margins in 1Q and then just the moving pieces as we work our way through the year?
Max Krakowiak: Yes, sure. Hi, Patrick. So I think maybe I'll just start with a little bit of commentary just on the overall full year cadence. I think it will help answer some of the questions, particularly around Q1. As we look at the cadence for the full year, we've mentioned that one, organic growth should be relatively consistent as we go throughout the year. Two, when you look at it from an operating margin standpoint, I would point you to a similar cadence that happened in 2024, where Q1 is below the full year average. The second and third quarters are roughly in line to the full year average and the fourth quarter is the strongest from an op margin perspective due to your volume leverage. I think then, if you go look at below the line, interest and others should be relatively consistent as we go throughout the year. And then our assumption on tax rate timing, which does impact the first quarter should also be similar to what it was in 2024, where the tax rate is heaviest here in the first quarter and sort of steps down and progress as we go throughout year. So that's what I would say on the cadence. And I think as once you sort of model those out for the first quarter, you should get a little better understanding of what's driving the what you call the softer EPS, but I think it's really kind of right in line with our normal cadence.
Patrick Donnelly: Yes, its fair. I was just looking at the street, but I agree the cadence is pretty normal. And then maybe just on the ImmunoDX side. Can you just talk about the 2025? It sounds like mid single-digit growth for that piece coming off 4Q, the moving pieces there. It sounds like China performing pretty well, but would love to just talk through the expectations on ImmunoDx side and what you guys are seeing there?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah, absolutely. So again, I'll start kind of with the overall full year assumptions. Diagnostics, you mentioned we get the upper end of mid-single digits for 2025. When you look at the split between reproductive health and immunodiagnostics, we have immunodiagnostics assumed actually high single digits. I think you said mid-single, but our assumption in guidance is high single digits. And then we've got reproductive health and low single digits. I think when you look at immunodiagnostics overall, China is playing out as we anticipated, both -- finished for 2024, but also in line with our LRP for 2025. And then if you look at the performance ex-US, it continues to be a low-teens to mid-teens grower from a performance perspective, which is really a testament again to both the innovation as well as the continued geographic expansion through predominantly our autoimmune business.
Patrick Donnelly: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Next in queue we have Michael Ryskin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Michael Ryskin: Great. Thanks for taking questions, guys. First, I want to ask on applied genomics. I think you said, this is the last quarter you're going to be talking about it openly since something being shuffled around. So I figured I'd get a question in on that. You called on return to growth. That's been a little bit a little bit of a headwind for you for a couple of quarters, longer than that actually. Anything you can say about what you're seeing in that terms of underlying end market maybe positioning, just sort of how that's trended through the quarter and maybe any forward expectations for that? Is it the beginning of a recovery, just how that's progressing?
Prahlad Singh: Hey, Mike, I mean, you're right. The applied genomics business is moving to the Life Sciences Solutions portfolio, just given the alignment that we have there commercially and operationally with our customers on there. So it just makes a whole lot more sense to align it there. I think that's a portfolio which obviously had a lot of pressure given the impact that the COVID had around buying patterns and it has taken time to recover. But we are really enthused and optimistic that sort of we've seen the bottom there and we are starting to see the path to recovery. So overall, I would say that both on the clinical side and on the pharma/biotech side, applied genomics will start seeing recovery as we go into 2025.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. Thanks. And then for my follow-up, I think you talked about 20 to 40 bps operating margin expansion. First, just real quick, could you pick out how much of the FX headwind you have on margins? Just will help us model underline a little bit better. And also, you talked about part of that -- part of the reason it's 20 to 40 is you emphasize stepping up investments this year. Any additional color on that, whether it's in technology, commercial organization, R&D? And just sort of could you help frame those investments in -- just take a step back and frame it in a multiyear view? Is this a little bit of a catch-up versus 2024? Is this a little bit of a pull forward? Just help us think through where and how that's going? Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, absolutely. Hey, Mike. So I'd say, first, maybe just to clear the deck on one of your questions. FX for us does not really have a material impact on our operating margins. So I guess just to clear that, that is not a headwind that currently assumed within our guidance. In terms of the 20 to 40 basis points and really the step-up we've mentioned on our strategic inventions a couple of thoughts there. One, I think we've consistently said that if our growth were only in the mid single digits, we would be expanding operating margins roughly 50 basis points. Based off our guidance, we are slightly below that and you're seeing an operating margin expansion guidance that is slightly below that 50 basis points. I would also say that we're really encouraged by the progress that we've made on our productivity and transformation initiatives. You know, if you look back at 2024, we just expanded 30 basis points operating margin, while only growing 1%. And I think you're starting to see  the benefits of the work that that we put in across the board. I think as you look at 2025, in terms of us stepping up some of the strategic investments, I would say that it's,  really us wanting to continue to invest ourselves as we look over the next three to five years and what we want to accomplish as a company. I think when you look at it in terms of the investments, particularly in 2025, there's probably a couple areas. One is predominantly a step up in our digital investments across both e-commerce and AI capabilities. I think the second, there is some, I would say additional investments on expanding sales channels and adjacent high growth markets. For example, looking at markets outside of pharma, biotech for software, as well as continuing to expand our sort of downstream commercial capacity, related to things like GMP, Omics, et cetera. But I'd say that's really sort of the composition of where we're investing in 2025.
Michael Ryskin: Great. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Puneet Souda with Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Puneet Souda: Hi, guys. Thanks for the questions here. So just first one on software. I mean obviously, some very strong growth there, but easier comps too. Wondering, if you can elaborate if there was any one-timers in the quarter. Any upside from Signals versus ChemDraw licenses? Generally, it's been lumpy through the year, but just wondering what your expectations are for the first quarter? I think you said for the full year, it's low-double digit, but correct me if I'm wrong on that?
Max Krakowiak: Yes, maybe just to clear the deck from a numbers perspective. So it is low-double digits for the full year for software. And its a similar performance here in the first quarter.
Prahlad Singh: I mean overall, as we've said on the software business, Puneet, that's a very predictable pattern on the number of our licenses and contracts that come up for renewal. So we have a pretty good line of sight, and that's what we have also indicated on the November 4 call for what it would look like for 4Q. So pattern is pretty clear. For us, about 34% of our business is SaaS and still is a good chunk of our business that is on-prem contract -- multiyear contract renewals. So we have a pretty good sense of what's coming down the pipe. So that tends to be lumpy from a quarter perspective. But overall, I think when we look at the NPV for the net contract value for the year. That is what we sort of use more as a metric than what it does from a quarterly performance perspective.
Max Krakowiak: The ATV was low-double digits in 2024, and it was strong in 2023 as well even though the organic growth just due to the timing wasn't as strong in 2023. But as Prahlad mentioned, that's really the more important metric for our software business.
Puneet Souda: Got it. That's helpful. And then I know you were expecting this question around NIH and the pauses and unpauses and other noise that we're seeing there. I mean the question is more about -- I think your exposure is small, but just indirect exposure that you have and just given the sort of funding challenge that might arise there, just could you elaborate what you're baking in for that in Q1 and for the full year? And any additional thoughts on how you expect to manage any sort of headwinds that might arise on the academic side? Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Puneet, as you pointed out, our exposure to direct exposure to NIH is pretty small, close to 1%. But even if you look at our indirect exposure, our estimate it is not more than 5%. And then I think the other very important aspect to keep in mind that given the exposure, most of what we sell are reagents and small ticket items. So it really does not have that much of a material impact from a budgetary perspective, because you still need the experimentation to go on the Life Sciences side and reagents are the key driver there. So it does not really have a material impact for us.
Puneet Souda: Got it. Okay. Helpful guys. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Matt Sykes: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just to start out on instrument expectations. I mean, I think we're all well aware of the CapEx constraints in the environment. But what are you looking for in terms of leading indicators in terms of seeing that turn? And also, what is the sort of conversations been with customers on the pharma side or on the academic side in terms of instrumentation and CapEx plans over the course of this year? Do you get a sense that we could see a recovery in the back half of this year in instruments? It's just hard to call at this point based on some of the conversations you're having? Or do you feel like it still remains to be -- you remain prudent in terms of how you're looking at that potential recovery over the course of 2025?
Prahlad Singh: Hi, good morning, Matt. As we've talked at the Investor Day at length on this, are the instrument portfolio that we have tend not to be a commodity offering and tends more specific in terms of what we bring to our customer base, whether it's in academia, government or on the pharma side. So you have to break it down regionally, right? So when we think of China, obviously, we will see some modest stimulus impact, as Max pointed out earlier. But that will sort of also offset some of the weakness -- continued weakness that we see on the pharma/biotech. In terms of the second part of your question, the conversations are ongoing. Because even from the pharma biotech perspective, there is an expectation that this will start coming back to normal or as we've said earlier, we are on a path to recovery. But I don't -- we are not assuming any sudden shift or a trend in our guidance in terms of its recovery snapping back to normal. So I mean, I think that's probably the best way I can give you an indicator as to what our expectation is and what we've assumed in our guidance.
Matt Sykes: Got it. That's very helpful. And then just in terms of the exit rate you saw in Q4, which is pretty impressive and the recovery that your -- nascent recovery you're seeing in sort of the biopharma, was there any element of budget flush or any one-off impact in Q4 to drive that growth rate as to why you're not necessarily extrapolating that x-rate into 2025? Should we just be aware of sort of any of those issues that you saw in Q4?
Prahlad Singh: Absolutely none. We did not -- I would say -- I would answer that question is we did not see any budget flush in Q4 and that has any impact as to how we have factored our guidance. Our guidance, as I said earlier, Matt, we see the path to recovery. We see the signs and indicators of that. You look at our Diagnostics business, it continues to do very well. You look at our software business, it continues to do very well. The Life Sciences reagents business, we've seen two consecutive quarters of mid single-digit growth. So there are enough signs even on the Life Sciences side that we are getting on the path to recovery. But again, we are not assuming that normalcy comes back and the timing around that. We just are assuming that the current market that is there will continue in 2025. And if the market were to turn, that will be upside to what we've guided today.
Matt Sykes: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Luke Sergott with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Luke Sergott: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. I just want to start off on the -- you talked about the biotech customer, and you might have answered this in one of Doug's the questions. But you see growth there for the first quarter since 1Q 2023? Any kind of color on when you started to see that demand turn because you guys have a pretty short-cycle business? But is it coming from more reagent side? Are you starting to see pickups there like cell imaging and animal imaging, in vivo imaging, et cetera, or like high content screening? Just like what's the durability of maybe that this is the beginning of that part of the recovery for that part of the market?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Luke. I would say, as you look at sort of the fourth quarter performance, you mentioned pharma/biotech turning positive in the fourth quarter for the first time in several quarters. You guys remember too, a lot of that was driven by, I would say, the software performance growing very strongly in the fourth quarter. If you sort of exclude that, it was still a challenging environment from a pharma/biotech standpoint. I think where we really started to see the turn though has been in our reagents portfolio. And I think we at least started to see that over the summer once the restructurings had really sort of, I would say, going back to more normalized levels, you start to see the lab activity pick back up and that was consistent in the third quarter. We saw again that pick up sequentially in the fourth quarter. And I think Prahlad has sort of outlined, our assumption is that is the steady state that sort of continues here in 2025 and what our guidance assumes. But there are enough signs in the or some positive signs that things are starting to turn a corner here.
Luke Sergott: All right. Great. And then, I guess, kind of like a follow-up on that with regards to your guide. I mean, you look at the rest of the reports and kind of what's the preannouncements this month and about how all those guides really have this kind of continued ramp? And what you're talking about right now sounds like that momentum is building and kind of supports that ramp. But your guide seems really conservative and just kind of straight lining what you're seeing now out further. So from a downside perspective or what do you think that could derail that momentum going forward? Is it a policy? Or just kind of -- is this just ultra like, look, we're just going to run rate what we have from an order rate route right now and anything else is upside?
Max Krakowiak: Look, I think it's a good question. I would say, just in general, we mentioned a little bit in the prepared remarks, there is still certain amount of uncertainty right now as you look at it from a geopolitical and regulatory landscape perspective. And I think just given that, there still is that overhang of uncertainty, we wanted to be prudent in our guidance approach here for 2025. So yeah, there could be things that create a little bit of downward pressure, but then we are also prudent on the Diagnostics side. And I think it goes back to the punch sign of us really wanting to put out here for 2025, a balanced guide that reflects the current market environment. And so I would say, that's probably the best way to answer your question, Luke.
Luke Sergott: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Moving to our next question from Andrew Cooper with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Andrew Cooper: Hi, everybody. Thanks for the time. Maybe to ask a question in a little bit different way. As you talk about some positive signs and some noise as well in the prudence in the guidance, what are you actually hearing from customers in terms of are they a little bit more uneasy with some of the regulatory and administration changes that are playing out sort of as we speak? Are they talking about holding back budgets maybe for later in the year to see where things sit? Or just what are you really hearing from your sales force out there kind of actually on the street talking to folks?
Prahlad Singh: Good morning, Andrew, I think the thing is the way you've got to look at it is in perspective to our portfolio. Look, on the Diagnostic side, it doesn't really have a big impact. Our Diagnostics business, and as I said earlier, we've assumed that, that will continue to grow what is in line with our LRP. Our software business, we do not expect to have much of an impact. Our Reagents business, as I said earlier, we've seen two consecutive quarters of mid-single-digit growth and that we assume will continue. The issue really comes around CapEx spending. And as you know, that is now less than 20% of our portfolio, which is around instrumentation. So this is where you start seeing the power of the portfolio and impact that it is having. In regards to what we are hearing from customers, our assumption really is based around the uncertainty in the market environment. It will settled down, hopefully, in a quarter or two, in terms of what a regular and more stable market environment will look like. And from our perspective, as Max pointed out earlier, we are being prudent enough and assuming that the current market environment will continue. And as weve said earlier, if it starts to go in a better direction in terms of growth. Obviously, we will come back and readdress this towards the middle of the year.
Andrew Cooper: Okay. That's helpful. Then maybe just shifting to the margin side of things. I think, Max, you pointed out, you had talked about mid-single digit and call it, 50 bps of expansion if that was the growth rate, you're a little bit lower on both but you do have this sort step-up in investment. So is it safe to say you do see this year is actually a little bit above that trend you talked about before, absent those investments in kind of a true underlying manner? And maybe what's allowing for that to be the case if that takeaway is correct?
Max Krakowiak: Yes. I would say that's fair. A fair summary but Andrew, but I'd also maybe just again point out the fact, too, that I think that from an operating margin expansion standpoint, we're really encouraged by the progress we're making. I think this year, there's, again, the one-offs of some strategic investments that we're intentionally making here. But on the flip side of it, we've got some opportunities from a gross margin perspective that should provide a little bit of tailwind to help offset some of those investments we're making this year.
Andrew Cooper: Perfect. Ill leave it there. Thanks, again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Catherine Schulte with Baird. Your line is open.
Catherine Schulte: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. Maybe first just on guidance. Starting the year with 3% to 5% organic growth in the first quarter seems a lot better than what we're seeing from some other peers, but not assuming acceleration throughout the year. So just as we think about fourth quarter exit rate, do you think we should at least be towards the high end of that 3% to 5% range? And maybe just talk about how you think about the path back to that 6% to 8% long-term outlook?
Prahlad Singh: Very good question, Catherine. I think at this point, we are assuming 3% to 5%, and we are assuming it to be a steady state throughout the year. It might be a bit more unique. Generally, we tend have a much more flush in the fourth quarter, and hopefully, that comes through. And as I said earlier, if that comes through, we'll readdress it towards the middle -- the latter half of this year. But just given somewhat the uncertainty in the current market environment, both from a regulatory and from an administration perspective, we thought it was prudent to be steady in terms of our forecasting.
Catherine Schulte: Okay. And then maybe on pharma, nice to see a return to growth here in the quarter. Can you just talk to what you're expecting for pharma and biotech in the first quarter and the full year?
Max Krakowiak: Yes. So we generally don't give breakdowns between pharma/biotech assumptions and academic and government assumptions, Catherine. I would say, again, if you look at the Life Sciences cadence here, I know it's going to be relatively consistent throughout the year. And so I would say pharma/biotech is the largest part of our Life Sciences business. And so I would say that's again, it's going to be the biggest driver of the performance.
Catherine Schulte: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And question we have time for today comes from Dan Brennan with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thank you. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe the first one just on reproductive health, nice finish to the year. I think you're talking about low single-digit growth next year. Just can you give us some of the puts and takes on how the quarter ended up and kind of what goes into that outlook?
Max Krakowiak: Yes. So I think as you look at the fourth quarter specifically, again, it was high single digits in the fourth quarter. As we've talked about newborn screening is the biggest part of our reproductive health portfolio. It's generally grown faster than reproductive health overall. That can continue to be true here in the fourth quarter. There's a really strong finish to the year for our newborn screening business. As you look at the assumptions for 2025, it is low single digits. That's in line with our LRP. And I would say similar to that tune, newborn screening should be the fastest-growing part of our reproductive health franchise, again in 2025.
Dan Brennan: Got it. Okay. And then I know Prahlad you talked about a handful of times on the call already, but you're signaling [indiscernible] an improvement that geopolitical regulatory factors, you kind of called out a few times. Just wondering, are you seeing pharma pause? Are you seeing any shift in there kind of spending or kind of when budgets get released right now in terms of this macro? Just trying to get some flavor from what you're hearing from customers? Or is it more just you're looking at the kind of announcements that the Trump administration are making and you're just assuming that, that could cause some kind of pausing or demand in back? Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Dan, I wouldn't say that we are hearing pausing or slowing down of spending from our customers. I think it's just prudent on our part just given the uncertainty in environment. I think that's the best way I would forecast this and look forward. Again, assuming things get stable and certain and we get back to what normal looks like, it will obviously be an upside. But just given where we sit today, we need to -- we are being prudent in the way we guide for the year.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have no time for the questions. So I'll turn back over to Steve for any closing comments.
Steve Willoughby: Thank you, Lydia. We look forward to touching base with all of you over the coming weeks and months, and I hope everyone has a good weekend. Take care.
Operator: This concludes our call today. Thank you very much for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-04 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello everyone and welcome to Revittys third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. My name is Lydia and I will be your Operator today. After the prepared questions, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. If youd like to ask a question during Q&A, you can do so by pressing star followed by one on your telephone keypad. Ill now hand you over to Steve Willoughby, Head of Investor Relations to begin. Please go ahead.
Steve Willoughby: Thank you Operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to Revittys third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Prahlad Singh, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Max Krakowiak, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Id like to remind you of the Safe Harbor statements outlined in our press release issued earlier this morning and also those in our SEC filings. Statements or comments made on this call may be forward-looking statements which may include but may not be limited to financial projections or other statements of the companys plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. The companys actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change, so you should not rely on any of todays statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. Ill now turn it over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Prahlad Singh. Prahlad?
Prahlad Singh: Thank you Steve, and good morning everyone. Revittys strong execution was again on display during the third quarter, which enabled our total revenue, adjusted operating margin and adjusted EPS to each come in better than we had anticipated. Our strong execution led to our adjusted operating margins increasing by 80 basis points year-over-year to 28.3% in the quarter, which shows the positive impact our productivity initiatives are having on our cost base and incrementals. We also had another great quarter from a cash perspective as well. We generated $135 million of free cash flow in the quarter, resulting in 100% conversion to our adjusted net income so far this year. Given our strong cash performance, we remained aggressive with our share repurchase program and returned over 100% of our cash flow in the quarter to shareholders via buybacks and dividends. As we look ahead to the final quarter of the year, we expect our diagnostic businesses to continue to perform at a very strong level, and we are continuing to experience positive momentum in our life sciences, reagents, and software businesses. In addition, given that as of September, we lapped the one-year anniversary of the most significant pharma industry pressures seen in many years, we remain optimistic that market trends are continuing to stabilize and that the worst of the headwinds are likely behind us. However, since we have yet to see a more material conversion of our funnel into orders, we are now factoring in a more subdued end-of-year spending environment for instrumentation from our pharma customers as compared to our previous expectations. This is in part due to the continued delays with instrument purchasing in China as stimulus has still not yet begun to meaningfully flow, resulting in customers remaining on the sidelines while they wait to receive if they will receive any of these funds. We expect this change to result in our fourth quarter total company organic growth to be in the range of 3% to 5%. This brings our full-year organic growth outlook to now be in the range of zero to 1%, modestly below our previous assumptions. While the rate of recovery is not progressing quite as quickly as we had anticipated, Id note our updated outlook continues to remain several hundred basis points above the market. Additionally, Im proud to share that our strong operational execution enables us to again raise our adjusted earnings per share guidance for the full year. While Max will provide more details in a bit, we are now looking for our adjusted earnings per share for the full year to be in a new range of $4.83 to $4.87. As I first shared last quarter, based on the feedback from our customers including those I met with last month while I was in China, we continue to feel demand in our key pharma biotech markets is making measured progress towards more normalized levels. I expect that this path towards normalization will continue over the coming months and likely persist as we move into the next year. Given that we continue to remain very optimistic about our future performance and what it will mean for our company, we plan to remain active with our share repurchase activity for the rest of this year. Our board recently approved a new $1 billion share repurchase authorization over the next two years, replacing what was left on our prior authorization. The new authorization and its larger size speak to both our strong cash flow performance and balance sheet stability, while also recognizing the significant potential we still have in front of us from an investor awareness and understanding perspective. During my recent visit to China, I was able to meet with our teams, customers, and key government partners while also inaugurating our new Revitty innovation center in Taicang. It was a motivating visit for me personally as I was able to see how in just our first year, teams have significantly embraced Revittys collaborative culture. Their passion was overflowing as it pertains to our key focus areas as a company from both a commercial and scientific perspective. I can also share that despite geopolitical headlines, from our perspective, the environment in China remains positively dynamic. I came away from the trip feeling optimistic about the future of our business in the region and with increased confidence that the measures the government has recently enacted should translate into improved market conditions for our industry as we head into the next year. During the quarter, we also continued our focus on innovation with the successful launch of several new products that utilize cutting-edge technologies and help address emerging areas of medical investment. For instance, we recently introduced Phenologic.AI, a new AI-driven offering for our high content screening instruments. This solution builds on our existing Signals Image Artist software platform, taking image analysis to the next level. It uses pre-trained AI models to enable the analysis of bright field images, allowing for fast and robust identification of cellular structures resulting in enhanced live cell data with the ability to increase functional data per screening sample. With this solution now launched, we will also be more able to rapidly deploy additional AI algorithms for our instrument platforms in the future. It was also exciting to see several different teams from across the company come together to quickly develop, launch and begin to commercialize another new AI-based offering in our diagnostics business. The new Revitty Transcribe AI service, which was introduced at a key newborn screening conference a few weeks ago, provides clinical labs a new way to highly automate what is currently a time-consuming task of transcribing handwritten patient information from individual samples. This novel product, which leverages both AI and optical character recognition, increases workflow speed by approximately 40% even when including the time required for data verification. This is just another small example of how we can quickly capitalize on opportunities as a team to better serve our customers and enable us to maintain our industry-leading market positions. Also in our diagnostics business, a few weeks ago our EUROIMMUN team launched a new genotyping solution in Europe to help better assess a patients risk for possible side effects of new therapies coming to market to treat Alzheimers disease. We expect the market opportunity for this APOE gene-focused assay to increase significantly as anti-amyloid therapies become more widely available in Europe in the future. Building off our response to the pandemic, a big focus for us has been working to better strategically partner with key government collaborators. This focus was recently highlighted in an important announcement from the U.S. government agency, BARDA, who late last month awarded us a contract of over $9 million to be used towards furthering the development of a novel diagnostics platform. While it will likely be several more years before this platform is ready for commercialization, receiving a contract of this size from such an important U.S. federal government agency is a testament to both our strong relationships and the level of novel science is that is taking place within the company. We are excited to share more with you about our future innovations and the company overall at our upcoming investor day on November 21, which will be hosted at our San Diego campus. We have a great day planned for you to better understand what makes Revitty so unique, why we have such a high degree of confidence in financial performance differentiation, and how we are capitalizing on the opportunities in front of us through strong collaboration across the business, resulting in our ability to bring meaningful new offerings to the market. I hope you can join us in person out in California later this month. In addition to visiting us at our investor day, I also hope you can come meet with us in the future at our brand-new corporate headquarters in the Boston area, just down the road from our old offices. We celebrated the grand opening of the modern and high tech space just three weeks ago. It perfectly embodies our commitment to embracing technology and collaboration and was designed to inspire and energize our teams while also being financially accretive to our bottom line. I look forward to welcoming more of you to experience this state-of-the-art facility in person. We have been making great progress as a company since becoming Revitty, but I also think it is paramount that what we do and the way we do it contributes positively to both our employees and the societies in which we live. These contributions were highlighted in a recently published 2024 impact report. Im proud to share that our Scope 1 and 2 emissions were down 7% in 2023, while our facility in Colorado recently won a pollution reduction award from the EPA. Also highlighted in the report was how we continue to have a strong and diverse leadership team with robust governance programs and a high degree of overall employee satisfaction. What we do at Revitty is positively impacting the world every day, but our focus on how we accomplish this work is also very important, so its great to see these efforts on display in this key annual publication. Overall, we had a good third quarter across the board. Our markets are making measured progress on the path to normalization, with some categories further along that path than others, and we continue to diligently execute on those items that are more fully within our control at an extremely high level. I look forward to connecting with many of you, either in person or virtually at our upcoming investor day in a few weeks, where Im excited to share more of the view about Revitty. With that, I will now turn the call over to Max.
Max Krakowiak: Thanks Prahlad, and good morning everyone. As Prahlad mentioned, we performed well in the third quarter and were again able to exceed our earnings expectations for the quarter. I was also extremely pleased to see our focus on cash generation continued as our free cash flow conversion to adjusted net income remains 100% year-to-date, which is truly outstanding performance. Pharma biotech demand continued to remain stable with year-over-year growth returning for our life sciences reagents, while instruments continue to remain under pressure, particularly in China, and was down more than we had anticipated overall. This was offset by strong performance in our diagnostics businesses across both reproductive health and immunodiagnostics. As we look ahead, we continue to feel that the worst is likely behind us in the markets which have been under pressure over the last two years, as the demand recovery is continuing its path towards more normalized growth rates in the future. Our diagnostics and software businesses continue to perform at a very high level given their strong underlying market trends, significant innovation, and consistently strong commercial execution. As we had suggested a quarter ago, we became more active with our buyback activity in the quarter, which we anticipate will likely continue given our strong balance sheet and cash flow performance this year. Our future remains extremely bright and we believe being more aggressive with our repurchases in the near term will provide significant returns for our shareholders. Now turning to the specifics of our third quarter performance, overall the company generated total adjusted revenues of $684 million in the quarter, resulting in 2% growth in organic revenue, which was line with our expectations. FX was neutral to growth and we again had no incremental contribution from acquisitions. As it relates to our P&L, we generated 28.3% adjusted operating margins in the quarter, which was up significantly versus third quarter 2023 and roughly 30 basis points above our expectations. We were again able to keep our operating expenses relatively flat sequentially on a dollar basis, resulting in strong incrementals. I continue to be impressed by the impact our teams actions are having on our expense structure, which I believe should allow us to expand margins at an industry-leading rate as industry demand continues to recover. Looking below the line, our adjusted net interest and other expense was $7 million in the quarter as we are benefiting from our strong cash inflows and the favorable interest environment against our fixed rate debt. Our adjusted tax rate was 15.3% in the quarter, which was lower than our expectations due to the favorable impact of our recent tax planning initiatives. With an average diluted share count of 123 million for the quarter, this resulted in adjusted EPS in the third quarter of $1.28, which was $0.16 above our expectations. Moving beyond the P&L, we had another strong quarter from a cash perspective as we generated free cash flow of $135 million in the quarter. This brings the free cash flow generated year to date to $427 million, resulting in 100% conversion of our adjusted net income. Cash remains a bright spot as we continue to leverage AI-based tools in fine tuning internal processes that allow us to appropriately manage working capital. Considering this strong year-to-date performance, we now expect free cash flow generation to be approximately $550 million, resulting in approximately $700 million of total cash inflows when accounting for the additional cash payments already received related to our recent divestiture. As for capital deployment, as I mentioned, we remained active in the third quarter by repurchasing $154 million worth of shares. Through October, our total spent on buybacks is over $200 million. Given our intention to continue to remain active with the buyback, we also recently received a new $1 billion repurchase authorization from our board, which replaced what was left on our previous authorization and provides us the flexibility to remain aggressive with our share repurchases. We finished the quarter with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio of 2.1 times after retiring roughly $700 million of debt that came due in mid-September. Our balance sheet is strongly positioned with 100% fixed rate debt with a weighted average interest rate of 2.6% and maturity out another 7.5 years. As we evaluate capital deployment, we will continue to remain flexible in order to capitalize on the highest return opportunities while maintaining our investment-grade credit rating. I will now provide some commentary on our third quarter business trends, which is also included in the quarterly slide presentation on our investor relations website. The 2% growth in organic revenue in the quarter was comprised of a 3% decline in our life sciences segment and 5% growth in diagnostics. Geographically, we grew in the low single digits in both the Americas and Europe while Asia was flattish, with China declining low single digits. From a segment perspective, our life sciences business generated adjusted revenue of $301 million in the quarter. This was down 2% on a reported basis and 3% on an organic basis. From a customer perspective, sales to both pharma biotech customers and academic and government customers declined in the low single digits in the quarter. Our life science reagents grew in the mid-single digits in the quarter and were up modestly sequentially on a dollar basis, in line with our expectations. Our life science instruments revenue declined in the low teens year-over-year, which as mentioned was worse than anticipated. Our signal software business declined in the mid single digits as it faced known headwinds relating to the timing of renewals. We continue to expect very strong performance for the signals business in the fourth quarter, resulting in expected organic growth for the full year to still be in the low double digits overall. In our diagnostics segment, we generated $383 million of adjusted revenue in the quarter, which was up 6% on a reported basis and 5% on an organic basis. From a business perspective, our immunodiagnostics business grew in the mid single digits organically during the quarter, in line with our expectations. The business continues to perform well with high single to low double-digit growth across all regions on a year-to-date basis. Our reproductive health business grew in the high single digits organically in the quarter. Newborn screening continued to perform well and grew in the low double digits in the quarter globally, which is driven by outstanding operational and commercial execution given the continued headwinds from global birth rates. As we had anticipated, we saw sequential and year-over-year improvements in the quarter related to the Year of the Dragon, with improved results in both our prenatal and newborn businesses in the region. Finally, our applied genomics business declined in the low single digits in the quarter, which resulted in its total revenues being up mid single digits sequentially. After over two years of fairly consistent double-digit declines, the modest decline in the third quarter was another promising sign that this business has now stabilized. We expect its year-over-year performance to again improve here in the fourth quarter as this business now appears to be solidly headed on the right path toward recovery. As it pertains to China specifically, our revenue in the country declined in the low single digits year-over-year overall, which was modestly below our flat expectation. This consisted of an approximately flat performance for diagnostics and a high single digit decline in life sciences. Within life sciences, we saw strong growth in reagents offset by a double-digit decline for instrumentation as customers continue to delay their capital equipment purchases ahead of stimulus arriving. Based on recent feedback from our teams, we remain confident that stimulus will eventually positively impact customer behavior in the region, but we continue to believe this is largely going to have an impact in 2025 and beyond. In regards to our outlook for the fourth quarter, we are seeing strong performance across most of our businesses outside of those where pharma biotech customer activity is continuing to gradually improve. Given that we are not seeing these customers returns to more normal spending patterns as of yet, we are now assuming that the typical end of year pick-up in demand for capital equipment continues to remain lower than it has historically been. This is resulting in our organic growth outlook for the fourth quarter now being in the range of 3% to 5%, which brings our updated full year outlook for organic growth to approximately zero to 1%. With updated currency assumptions given the weaker dollar over the last few months, this brings our expected full year 2024 revenue to be in the range of $2.75 billion to $2.77 billion. Despite our modestly lower overall revenue outlook, it is great to see that we are able to continue to have very strong margin performance and reiterate our outlook for our adjusted operating margins to be in a range of 28% to 28.5% this year. This translates to our adjusted operating margins in the fourth quarter expected to be a little over 30%. As I highlighted earlier, we are making good progress on our cash generation and interest expense management, allowing us to now expect our net interest expense in other to be approximately $43 million for the year, down from our prior estimate of approximately $50 million. We are also making good progress on our tax planning initiatives. We now expect this progress to result in our full year adjusted tax rate to be approximately 19%, down from our prior 20% outlook. With our strong operating margin outlook and good execution on below-the-line items, we are raising our full year 2024 adjusted earnings per share guidance to a new range of $4.83 to $4.87. As I already touched on, we expect this increased earnings outlook and our strong working capital performance to result in our free cash flow to now be approximately $550 million, up quite significantly from our outlook coming into this year. In addition to this internally generated cash, we also have received another approximately $150 million in cash so far this year related to our recent divestiture. Overall, we had a strong third quarter and are executing well as our diagnostics and software business are performing very well, and our life sciences businesses continue to gradually improve. We are expanding margins year over year this year and generating significant amounts of cash, which we are accretively putting to use, allowing us to raise our adjusted earnings guidance for the year. I look forward to many of you joining us in a few weeks out in San Diego so that you can learn more about Revitty, what makes us unique, and why we are so excited about our future and its potential. With that, Operator, we would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our first question today comes from Mike Ryskin with Bank of America. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Mike Ryskin: Great, thanks for taking the question, and congrats on the quarter, guys. Max, maybe first one for you. You just touched on it a little bit there in terms of the moving pieces in the quarter and how that impacted your 4Q outlook. I just want to clarify a couple things - you know, you touched on instruments a couple times, you touched on pharma and biotech, you touched on China. Could you break those down a little bit and maybe de-convolute for us what changed in the quarter and how thats driving your new view, just how much of it is instruments in China versus instruments globally, pharma and biotech in China versus pharma and biotech globally? Just want to get a clearer picture of what changed and whats really behind the increased caution for 4A.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, hey Mike. As we looked at our full year outlook as a result of the third quarter performance and the expectation for the fourth quarter, really the change in our organic growth assumptions of going from the 2% to the zero to 1% range was all driven by the instrumentation assumptions, so it was the slightly weaker performance in the third quarter and then a reduced outlook on the return to the normal seasonality in the fourth quarter, so that is really the fundamental driving change. I would say as you look at the pharma biotech dynamic, that is a majority of where our instrumentation is sold to, so that is the biggest end market; and I think as you look at it globally, China was definitely a bigger piece than we had anticipated - as we mentioned, customers are pausing as they await for stimulus. U.S. and Europe, I would say were relatively in line to maybe slightly lower than our expectations, but the U.S. is definitely probably the one market that continues, I would say, to return to normal faster than the other regions.
Mike Ryskin: Okay, thats helpful. Then for my follow-up, I know you dont typically guide to 2025 at this point, but maybe Ill just ask sort of a framing question. A couple of your counterparts have given some early commentary on 2025, just given its still a very fluid environment. Youre exiting this year at about 4% organic for the fourth quarter. Your LRP is 6 to 8. Just given everything you said about China and instruments, it doesnt seem like 2025 is going to be a normal year. Is 4% to 5%, maybe 4%, kind of where you guys are in fourth quarter, is that a good starting off point for us to think about next year for organic growth, and what are the puts and takes for that? Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: Hey Mike, this is Prahlad. Let me help with that question. You know, we will provide guidance on 2025 at our 4Q call, but I will say that it appears that the worst is behind us and demand has started to recover. What we just really need to see is what is the rate of recovery and how quickly it normalizes. Our plan is to take the next couple of months to have the best read as possible at the time, and I really feel strongly that normalization will likely take us into the first quarter or the first half of 2025.
Mike Ryskin: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vijay Kumar: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. Prahlad, maybe my first one on what happened in the quarter phasing, where it looks like instruments applied genomics was the major delta, was that--did things worsen as the quarter progressed or was this more perhaps the lack of recovery towards the end of the quarter, and what does Q4 assuming for instrumentation applied genomics, and if the guide here can deliver enough, in your mind?
Prahlad Singh: Yes Vijay, good morning. As we said in our prepared remarks, the fact is that we are seeing sequential improvement quarter-over-quarter, which is a very good sign that we see continued stabilization, and as I said to Mikes question, we really feel that the worst is behind us. But the fact is that the path to normalization may take a little longer than previously expected, which is primarily the reason for us lowering our instrument expectations for 4Q24. Specifically as Max mentioned, the instruments in China were worse because of the pause or the delay in the expectation from our customers as to when the stimulus funding comes, is when they will release it, which we now see into the first half of 2025 or more--you know, going into the first quarter of 2025. Thats the way I would calibrate. I dont think--things are not going worse, things continue to sequentially get better. Probably the path to it is more, I would say, gradual than as we would have expected an uplift coming into the fourth quarter. Max, anything to add there?
Max Krakowiak: No.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. Maybe a further follow-up here, I think the share repo stood out with the new authorization. Your $150 million in repo implies the average share price of around current levels - $120-ish. I guess given where the stock is right now, how should we be thinking about the pacing, will Revitty be more opportunistic around share repurchases in the near term, and--sorry, just to clarify, is applied genomics and instrumentation expected to grow in Q4? I know some of the comps get easier. If you could clarify that, thank you.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, I can clarify on the numbers before Prahlad can jump in on the share repurchasing, Vijay. From a numbers perspective in the fourth quarter, we now expect instrumentation on the life sciences side to be declining mid single digits, and for our applied genomics business, we anticipate roughly flat levels to what we saw here in the third quarter.
Prahlad Singh: Thanks Max. On the share repo, Vijay, as I said in our prepared remarks, we continue and the board continues to be very optimistic about our future performance and what it will mean for our company, and we plan to remain active with our purchasing activity on the share side. As you mentioned, the board recently approved the billion dollar repurchase authorization for the next two years - you know, the new authorization and its size should speak for itself about the confidence and what you saw with our strong cash flow performance and the balance sheet stability, but also more importantly recognizing the potential that we have in front of us and from an investor awareness and understanding perspective.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Leonard with UBS. Please go ahead.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. I want to make sure I better understand the trends in reproductive health. That, I think it was a low double-digit growth rate in newborn screening. How much of that was China compared to growth worldwide, and what does that look like in the Year of the Snake as opposed to Year of the Dragon?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, let me start with the horoscope part first, Dan - good morning.
Dan Leonard: Good morning.
Prahlad Singh: The Year of the Dragon definitely helped, but it was--you know, we have started seeing improvements in births, but we havent seen it to the level, for example when the last Year of the Dragon happened, which was--you know, whenever it was, this is more subdued than that, and we expect the improvement or the increase in births to China to continue. The government has taken a lot of measures and continues to be very diligent, and its something of extreme focus for them. We do expect it to gradually improve, but not going back to what it was the last time this happened, and the next year is the Year of the Snake, which is considered a smaller dragon, so we expect that to be a positive trend.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, I would just say as we look at the new reproductive health performance overall, to your point, Dan, it is driven by the strong performance in our newborn business globally growing low double digits. China grew in the high single digits in the quarter, so the rest of the globe grew a little bit faster than that. I think its a combination of two things: one, we continue to see traction on our commercial initiatives around geographic and menu expansion for our reagent portfolio, and then secondly there were some, I would say higher level instrument placements in the period as some customers refreshed their budgets, based on their fiscal calendar.
Dan Leonard: Okay, thank you. Just to stick with China diagnostics for a moment, can you comment on immunodiagnostics performance in China and what is the outlook there? A couple of the peers have flagged incremental headwinds.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, so as we look at the China immunodiagnostics performance, it was right in line with expectation. The Q4 assumption has not changed for that business. For the full year, we anticipate that business to be growing roughly around mid single digits in China, and so I think for that, its kind of steady as she goes. Again, I think weve mentioned that our immunodiagnostics business in China is not like the other diagnostics players, so I would caution referencing their commentary and linking it directly to our business.
Dan Leonard: Perfect, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next in queue, we have Andrew Cooper with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Andrew Cooper: Hey, thanks everybody. Good morning. Maybe just a quick one - you know, last quarter we spent a little bit of time talking about some of the innovation in TB in terms of the additional automation. Would love just sort of an update there, how thats trended through the quarter, and where we are in terms of U.S. launch, hopefully, with that updated automation, and then I have a follow-up as well.
Prahlad Singh: Hey, good morning Andrew. On the TB, we expect the launch now to be more in first quarter of 2025, so it did get pushed out from what we expected it to be in the fourth quarter with some questions that we are going back, responding to, and be more of a 1Q 2025 launch.
Andrew Cooper: Okay, helpful. Then Im sure well talk more in a few weeks about it, but just given the size of the repo authorization over the next few years, should we be reading anything into how you think about M&A and capital deployment from that, and maybe just in addition to that, what are you seeing in the M&A pipeline in terms of seller behavior? Any changes in terms of activity in the environment or anything you could call out there would be great.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, its a very good question. Look, I have said this before and Ill say it again, we will continue to remain active and diligent on building a strong pipeline on the M&A. Its just that the targets that we are looking at and the valuation expectations, I dont think have changed a whole lot, and I think from our perspective, we see a lot more value right now within our own valuation and we want to make sure that we take advantage of that opportunity.
Andrew Cooper: Okay, Ill stop there and hop back in the queue. Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Luke Sergott with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Luke Sergott: Great, thanks guys. Good morning. I just wanted to dig in here on the drug discovery side. A lot of mixed signals coming here from various CROs and then from the other tools players, especially when we have the midyear cuts and pipeline rationalizations continuing, especially on large pharma, so could you guys just give us a view of how you guys are seeing it, any impacts there to the quarter and to the updated outlook? Reagents came in a lot better than we expected. Just kind of want to understand the puts and takes there.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, hey Luke. I think weve covered it broadly in the script, as well as some of this initial Q&A, but really the change in the market versus what our anticipation was coming into the third quarter is really related to, I would say, just the instruments normalization not happening as quickly as we had anticipated. Things are definitely not getting worse, but it is a slower rate of recovery. I think as you look at the other areas of our business that are exposed to the preclinical--you know, drug discovery areas, reagents performed well in the period, again returning to mid-single digits growth that was relatively in line with our expectations, and as you look at the fourth quarter, were expecting a similar volume level from our reagents business. I think also on the software side, our software business continues to perform well. We anticipate that business potentially here growing low double digits for the full year and were excited about the potential of that business over the next two to three years.
Luke Sergott: Great, thanks. Then I guess when you guys think about the China stimulus, I didnt think you guys had much stimulus baked into the prior guide, and so now that youre--when youre talking about the instrument weakness particularly in China around the stimulus, kind of resulting in the guide down, give us an update, like what happened there, and more longer term, how do you guys view this stimulus flowing through and how your funnel is building there?
Prahlad Singh: Hey Luke, youre right - our expectations were not much, but actually the performance came out worse in the sense that customers who we expected [indiscernible] stimulus also have taken a pause to see if theyre able to get funding, and thats where we saw worse performance in China vis--vis the stimulus.
Luke Sergott: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Dan Brennan with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Dan Brennan: Great, thank you. Thanks for the questions. Sorry to go back to the fourth quarter, but I just want to fully understand whats changed, if I can just run through some quick math. If instruments are 12% of revenues, and I believe previously you were thinking kind of a nice recovery in 4Q, maybe the mid-teens, that would get you to your total company growth rate, which is around 10%, and now if youre saying instruments are down 5, I would assume theres changes to the other parts of the business, otherwise I would need instruments to be down 30 to get to your new guidance of 4. Can you just maybe walk through beyond instruments, kind of what else maybe might have changed in terms of the applied guide for the fourth quarter?
Max Krakowiak: Yes, hey Dan. I think the other piece youve got to factor in too is the applied genomics business as well, if youre just looking at the life sciences instrumentation piece of the overall business. The other piece I would mention as well is, look - as you look at the second half guide, as I mentioned, really the only thing that has fundamentally changed is our assumptions on the life sciences instruments and applied genomics. The rest of the business is in line with our expectations and for what we had set out for the second half of the year.
Dan Brennan: Okay, thats fine. We can cover it maybe offline too as well, Max. Thank you. Then maybe just a high level one, the elections tomorrow, just wondering if Trump is elected, just wondering how we might think about possible implications. Who knows what ultimately will pass, but hes talking about super high tariffs on imports from China, 20% tariffs on rest of world, and who knows what kind of reaction China would have. But we have a predicate a little bit going back to the last time he was president, so Prahlad, I know you were just over in China, just how we think about the possible impacts and any planning strategies that you could make to mitigate some of this. Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Good morning Dan. You know, the last thing I want to do is speculate on elections at our quarterly earnings call. The results will be what the results will be. From our perspective as a company and as most of our peers and the whole industry, we all prepare for all scenarios. I think it would be best to see what the results of the elections are, and we have an investors call coming up in three quarter. Long term from Chinas perspective, as you know very well, Dan, what we have done is we have--you know, our strategy has been in China for China, and that has worked during all the election cycles, and were very confident in the ability to continue to execute for our customers in China from China.
Dan Brennan: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Puneet Souda with Leerink Partners. Your line is open.
Puneet Souda: Yes, hi Prahlad. Thanks for the questions. The reagents business was up mid single digits, and Im sure were going to get more details on that at the investor day; but just can you elaborate whats sort of behind that from the BioLegend customers? Peers are still down in the REO antibodies business, so obviously this is better versus the peers, but just you talked about North America and Europe being positive, but biopharma and academic were both down low single digits, so just trying to parse out whats happening in the reagents business and maybe what customers or applications where you are seeing the traction, or is it just largely comps?
Prahlad Singh: Hey, good morning Puneet. No, I think its continued sequential improvement as you look at it through quarter by quarter, and I think that speaks to somewhat on the diversity of our portfolio on the reagent side. Obviously you mentioned BioLegend, but theres RNA from Dharmacon, our HTRF [indiscernible]. The whole portfolio continues to do very well globally, so I think its not just one segment that I would call out that outperformed. Our overall reagents business in pharma biotech continues to perform to our expectations, and I would say that speaks to the strength and the diversity, and it relates to pharma programs, whether its around GLP-1s or others, where we continue to see traction with that portfolio.
Puneet Souda: Got it, and then in China, just wondering given the challenges youre seeing with instrumentation and your recent visit there, whats your sense and the level of confidence about instrumentation purchases if the stimulus was to come through; and again, the timing of that hasnt been super clear, but just wondering if you can elaborate more there on the instrumentation side of China. Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Sure. You know, weve continued to remain very optimistic on the stimulus program and overall on the pipeline and the portfolio that we have. The number of proposals that the team is working on day and night in submitting on the stimulus programs gives us a strong degree of confidence irrespective of the yield that we would get out of the stimulus. Look, the government is serious about ensuring that the economic activity takes an uplift. They are strongly supportive of the life sciences and diagnostic tools sector, and that behooves well for us and our peer group. I would say the way I would assess this and calibrate it is that, yes, it did not happen in 4Q of 2024 and its more of a 2025 activity, but at the same time, it also gives you a sense of seriousness and diligence that both the government and those that are applying for these loans are putting in place, so we expect this to be a driver for growth in 2025.
Puneet Souda: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Next, we have Dan Arias with Stifel. Your line is open.
Dan Arias: Hey, good morning guys, thank you. Prahlad, I wanted to actually take the opposite side of that China question there. Just based on your visit, what are you hearing from customers and your sales teams when it comes to 2025 demand outside the stimulus dynamic and outside of the instrument dynamic? I know it can be hard to separate out the government health component, but Im just curious about overall sentiment on reagents, budgets, etc. specifically as it relates to the next 12 months or the next 14 months, more than the multi-year. I know everybody still feels okay about the multi-year outlook.
Prahlad Singh: Thats a great question, Dan. As I said, just two weeks ago, I spent a week in China meeting with government officials, customers. We have a strong KOL and advisory board, and we spent four hours with them going through market trends, end markets, whats happening, and most importantly with our team. I will say this unequivocally, the sentiment remains strong especially in our sector. Theres a lot of optimism. There is a clarity on the government side to infuse elements that help to ensure that the economic recovery continues to be robust, and more importantly our customers are telling that the products that we have put in place, the pipeline that we have coming out both on the diagnostic and the life sciences side are something that is relevant for the market and will gain traction. I think at a high level, what Ill leave you with is that our strategy of in China for China is working and is one that we will continue to deploy. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we just launched the Revitty innovation center in Taicang - its a facility where we now have a fully contiguous competency and capability around early discovery development, manufacturing, and weve put all these elements in place over the last several years to ensure that irrespective of the insulation that the market has to--if the market has to go through, our team in China is fully enabled to execute on its own.
Dan Arias: Okay. Max, just really quickly, do you have a regional forecast for China for 4Q?
Max Krakowiak: Yes, I think as we look at the fourth quarter for China, we anticipate it growing in the mid single digits - thats predominantly driven by our diagnostics performance in the fourth quarter, as we had previously mentioned that we do expect diagnostics to perform well in the fourth quarter. We also have a little bit of easier comps. Were not really assuming any change in the market environment on the life sciences side.
Dan Arias: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matt Sykes: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Prahlad, maybe a high level question for you first. Given that you kind of launched the transformation of this business into an increasingly weaker environment, we havent really been able to see the power of that transformation. We know that the recurring revenue is significantly higher than it had been in the past, but as you think about going into recovery and the operating leverage that this new business has, is that why some of the recovery that were seeing could be more gradual, just because of that level of recurring revenue, or do you feel like the operating leverage is still there in this business with a smaller portion of instrument, but still there? Just kind of how are you thinking about what revenue looks like into a recovery as we think about 25?
Prahlad Singh: Hey, good morning Matt. I think maybe just to take a step back, yes, I fully appreciate that the market conditions have been weak and we launched Revitty in the midst of that; but I do want to make sure that we dont lose sight of the fact that despite, I would say, anemic organic growth, weve increased our operating margin 80 basis points year-over-year in the quarter and that that shows--I mean, if you look at our cost basis incrementals, our strong cash flow performance, this is all because of the strategic aspects that we put into the place, and it is a direct result of that. If we are able to execute, Matt, at such a strong level in an anemic market environment, imagine what the strength of the portfolio will be when the markets turn around. In regards to the market, I will say that if you look at the reagents portfolio performance in the quarter, it is starting to show signs of stabilization and improvement, and as I have said earlier, the reagents are the first peek into the recovery, thats why I keep going back to the fact Im saying that we have started seeing stabilization, we feel that the worst is over. I think obviously the instruments are a big swing factor, and thats the impact that we are seeing; but overall, we see the reagents essentially coming back to what we hope in 2025.
Matt Sykes: Got it. Thank you for that. Max, just drilling a little bit more on the life sciences side on the margins, you mentioned that margins were pressured obviously due to lower volumes, but also investments. Can you maybe talk about what some of those investments are, and in terms of how we should think about Q4 and beyond, will those investments start to trail off a little bit as we continue the volume recovery to get a bigger level of margin expansion?
Max Krakowiak: Yes, hey Matt, in terms of the investments on the life sciences side, a couple of the more strategic areas of investment have been, one, around the GMP facility which weve talked about. Those that will be out in San Diego with us for the investor day will get a chance to see it, which will be exciting. I think the second piece is around ecommerce and getting to one platform for us as a company; and then the third one is really around our signals portfolio. Weve launched a couple products in the first half of this year, we continue to have a road map with additional launches here over the next couple years, and so that business will continue to be in a heavy investment cycle. As I step back again, and maybe just reiterating some of the comments Prahlad mentioned in terms of our overall operating margin, were maintaining our full year 2024 operating margin despite cutting our organic growth here around 2% to now the zero to 1% range. You could read into that and argue that if we had held the organic growth guidance, we would have already been at the upper end of our operating margin, if not above it, and I think that that gives you a little bit of insight into, one, the execution the team is having on our productivity initiatives and driving our integration synergies, but also the power and potential of our incrementals in the business once we return to a more normalized market environment.
Matt Sykes: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks, good morning. Two questions for you, Max - hopefully I can squeeze them both in here. You talked about tax planning initiatives and the effective rate continues to trend below target. Do you think [indiscernible] assumption going forward? Then secondly for cash flow conversion, obviously its been solid year to date. Do you still think theres more juice to squeeze from working capital as you move into 25? Can you maintain 100% conversion next year? Thanks.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, hey Brandon. First, Ill start with the tax planning question. Again, we had revamped our tax team coming into this year, and I think weve seen the fruits and the benefits of that team and their execution. We have now lowered our full year expectation to 19%. I would say that most of those benefits weve received this year are structural in nature, and so we have essentially lowered our tax rates going forward, so that has been encouraging progress year to date. I would say on the second one from a free cash flow conversion, again this year its been incredibly strong performance. I do think there is still room to go from a working capital improvement standpoint, although the team has made tremendous progress this year with the increased focus, as well as improving some of our operating processes and leveraging more digital capabilities. As we look into outer years, weve already gone over that this business should be normally running at greater than 85% free cash flow conversion. Weve also mentioned that were going to continue to have a step up in capex, which is offsetting, where were basically self-funding some of that step-up in capex with the improved working capital performance is probably the best way to think about it.
Brandon Couillard: Great, thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey guys, thanks for taking the questions. Max, maybe a follow-up on some of the margin conversation a minute ago. I guess when you think about, just high level, the moving pieces into next year, obviously the growth should hopefully come back a bit. I would think the mix, particularly from reagents, picks up a little bit - I know thats a higher margin business for you guys, it would be beneficial. Could you just talk about high level tailwinds, headwinds in the margin piece? You know, other companies have talked about things like incentive comp coming back, so would love to just talk about that high level bridge and make sure were thinking about it appropriately.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, hey Patrick. You know, again I think were going to reserve official 2025 commentary until our Q4 call. I think as you look at some of the dynamics that will play out next year, one is, I think, really just the biggest assumption of what market environment were going to look into. I think weve been out there and mentioned that if we are growing in line with a normalized market environment, weve talked about 75 basis points of operating margin expansion. If its a little bit lower than that, something in the 2% to 3% overall market range, wed probably be closer to a 50 BPs operating margin expansion. I think weve already put those framing comments out there. I wouldnt say theres anything I would have to call out in terms of a known headwind for us next year. I think weve already normalized our cost base as weve headed into this year.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay, thats helpful. Then maybe just a follow-up on some of the reagents conversations earlier. Weve gotten a bunch of questions as the quarter went about things like the preclinical side - I think Luke touched on that a little bit. Can you just talk about your exposure on that front, what youre seeing from that customer base, and just the right way to think about what the recovery path in reagents looks like - again, nice to see it back to mid single digit growth here. Just trying to think about the go-forward just given some of the noise, particularly from the early stage customers, what your exposure is there would be helpful. Thank you guys.
Prahlad Singh: Let me help with that one - hey, Patrick. As you know, the majority of our reagents are in the preclinical side of the business, given that our focus is on discovery and early discovery with pharma biotech. To your point, I think thats why its a lot more encouraging to see that business coming back to growth and the reagents starting to perform well. As I mentioned earlier to, I think it was Lukes question, weve seen broad-based recovery across our different business lines on the reagent side, so its not that I could highlight one product line or one business line and say that has done well. I think that is why--that is what we feel encouraging about the portfolio there, that whether its Eliza, STRF, or BioLegend, Dharmacon, all of these product lines have done well.
Operator: Our final question today comes from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan: Thank you, good morning. Was wondering if you could unpack the low double-digit newborn growth in the quarter. What were you seeing in terms of prenatal in China and just how thats folding into the expectations for newborn screening? Thank you.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, so I think again as we look at the reproductive health performance in the quarter, Jack, I would say its strong performance really globally. Newborn screening globally again was up low double digits growth. I think as you look at prenatal, it was also a strong performance in the period. I think part of that--again, I had mentioned some of that was capex related and some instrument placements, but then also there were pockets of actual underlying reagent growth and increase in screening. China was one of those geographies that also had the increase in screening, which again is linking to our expectations around the newborn business in China for the fourth quarter.
Jack Meehan: Got it, and then can you give us an update how did Revitty Omics perform, and I know youre not giving 2025 thoughts now, but maybe just any color on how the pipeline is shaping up there. Thanks.
Max Krakowiak: Ill start with the pipeline. The pipeline continues to be extremely robust. I think its something that were incredibly excited about over the next couple years. I think as we look at the performance of the business, Jack, last year was down 40% almost. I think for this year, weve returned to positive growth. I think its been relatively consistent over the course of the year. It adds a little bit of tailwind to reproductive health overall, but its definitely not driving the strong performance.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions, so Ill hand back to Steve Willoughby for any closing comments.
Steve Willoughby: Thank you Lydia, and thank you everyone for your time this morning. We look forward to seeing everyone in a few weeks on November 21, either virtually or hopefully out in person in San Diego. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes our call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Q2 2024 Revvity Earnings Conference Call. My name is Elliott, and I'll be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand over to Steve Willoughby, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Willoughby: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Revvity's second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Prahlad Singh, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Max Krakowiak, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I would like to remind you of the safe harbor statements outlined in our press release issued earlier this morning and also those in our SEC filings. Statements or comments made on this call may be forward-looking statements, which may include, but may not be limited to financial projections and other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. I'll now turn it over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Prahlad Singh. Prahlad?
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. The power and potential of Revvity were on displayed during the second quarter, which allowed us to exceed our financial expectations for the quarter despite continued market uncertainty persisting amongst some in the pharma biotech market. While the headcount reductions, site consolidations and other cost cutting measures we have seen from these customers since mid-last year continued, we were more than able to offset the impact of these actions through meaningful strength in our other businesses. Revvity's uniqueness enabled us to overcome these challenges and continue to post leading financial performance. I expect this differentiation to continue even as pharma spending eventually normalizes. Max will provide more specifics, but I wanted to briefly touch on a few key points as it pertains to our recent financial performance. Our negative 1% organic revenue decline was at the upper end of our expectations for the quarter. Our customers are continuing to work through temporary cyclical pressures with their preclinical spending, and I'm confident in the eventual return to a more normalized environment, like, we've seen over the last two decades. We had fantastic performance in a number of other areas of the business in the quarter, which should continue over the remainder of the year, specifically within our signal software and diagnostics franchises, both of which are somewhat unique to Revvity compared to our general peer group. We also continued to tightly manage spending, which resulted in 29% adjusted operating margins in the quarter, up significantly from the first quarter. These good top line results combined with our strong margin performance led to adjusted EPS of $1.22, which was meaningfully above our expectations. In addition to the strong P&L performance, we continued to show great progress on managing our operations, leading to another quarter of excellent cash generation. We had over 100% free cash flow conversion of our adjusted net income for the third consecutive quarter, which brings our free cash flow generated so far this year to approximately $300 million. In addition to our robust cash generation, I'm happy to report we also received nearly $150 million of additional inflows that were owed to us related to the divestiture of the PerkinElmer Analytical & Enterprise Services business. Given we expect this strong year-to-date performance to continue into the second half of the year and that we do not believe the market is currently appreciating either our recent relative outperformance or the significant potential still in front of us, we intend to use our healthy balance sheet to more aggressively repurchase shares over the remainder of the year. We believe this represents a tremendous long-term value creation opportunity for our shareholders, which will not exist forever. We currently have roughly $330 million remaining on our existing buyback authorization, which we will look to opportunistically capitalize on. Our operating margin performance and cash flow generation so far this year are both great examples of the company executing at a very high level. It is this determined ability to strongly execute in our key focus areas that will also contribute to our differentiated performance in the years to come. Now moving on to other highlights in the quarter. It was great to see how we continue to lead with innovation for our customers. In late April, we launched the more highly automated AP2400 workflow in our latent TB testing business. This new offering, which we expect to receive FDA clearance later this quarter has launched in Europe and will be launching in the U.S. and China upon receiving regulatory clearances. We anticipate that the increased automation and decreased hands-on time for our lab customers, combined with the superior sensitivity and specificity of our T-SPOT assay, should lead to improved competitiveness for us in the IGRA latent TB testing market globally. This is of particular importance in the U.S., which is by far the largest market in the world for latent TB testing, as customers will now be able to have the latent TB tests they really want with the level of automation they need. It was also great to see at the recent World Health Assembly in Geneva that a new resolution passed by all 194 countries recommends that newborn screening programs be established in every single country. With this key resolution being adopted, additional government agencies such as the World Bank and other federal governments will now consider providing funding for newborn screening. Additionally, a new World Health Organization working group has been created, focused on developing guidance to drive the adoption of newborn screening to cover more of the approximately 70% of babies around the world who go untested at birth today. We have also continued to make good progress in adopting new technologies, including AI, to further streamline our operations and improve our product offerings. A few examples of this are how we are now using an AI-based tool to drive improved collections from our customers. We can now instantaneously engage with multiple customers in any language, identify why an invoice has not been paid based on the customer's response and flag the concern to the appropriate internal team for resolution. Just 90 days ago, this same process would have required a person speaking a specific language to either personally e-mail or call a customer, have a conversation, take notes, investigate internally and to follow-up with the customer. Obviously, a much more manual and time consuming process, given a high volume of predominantly consumable related invoices. We expect to broaden the use of this system across the entire company in the coming months. With our customers, we are building on our past efforts in machine learning to adapt generative artificial intelligence into more of our offerings themselves. Since the beginning of the year, we have been using AI to support the design and sourcing of new materials used in the development of our life science reagent offerings. With this information, we can develop more complex biological structures more quickly using new and different materials than in the past. We have also recently been using AlphaFold to validate data from some of our high content screening offerings in a key project looking to uncover new insights on the GLP-1 receptor. These findings have recently been submitted to a key scientific journal for publication. I look forward to sharing more details on how we are using AI in our R&D and building it into our products themselves at our upcoming Investor Day in November. As it pertains to our upcoming Investor Day on November 21, we are preparing what should be a great day to get up close and personal with Revvity. Attendees will better understand who we are, the impact we are having on customers and patients and how we plan to accomplish our key goals over the coming years. It will also be a great opportunity to see BioLegend's operations and beautiful campus in San Diego. So I hope you join us either in person or virtually. Finally, I wanted to share that we continue to have a keen focus on not only what we are doing for the advancement of science and diagnosis of disease, but also how we are doing it. These efforts were recently recognized by the ESG rating agency MSCI, who increased our ESG rating to AA from A. We remain active on a number of fronts to increase our sustainability in our operations, R&D and logistics, which will continue. But it was great to see our progress so far resulting in an improved and now upper tier rating from one of the most prominent ESG rating agencies in the world. So in closing, before turning it over to Max, we had a very good second quarter on many fronts from our top line to margins to our cash flow generation. They were all strong and reflective of our organization's commitment to successful execution as we navigate this evolving end market environment. These results put us on a good trajectory for the year and allow us to raise our earnings expectations overall. While it is uncertain at this point as to when pharma spending will return to a normal environment, we are optimistic that the worst is behind us as the long term potential of our business remains bright. With that, I will now turn the call over to Max.
Max Krakowiak: Thanks, Prahlad, and good morning, everyone. As Prahlad briefly touched on, in the second quarter, we continue to do a very good job of executing on those items that are more fully within our control, such as our expenses, which led to strong margin performance and our working capital management, which led to exceptional free cash flow conversion and cash generation. While pharma and biotech spending continued to remain challenging in the second quarter, the uniqueness of Revvity allowed us to overcome these headwinds and be in a position to raise our margin and adjusted EPS expectations for the year. This strong performance year-to-date, combined with our successful cash generation, positions us to more aggressively deploy capital at a very opportunistic time. We plan to begin more significant share repurchase activity going forward in addition to remaining focused on proactively deleveraging. These actions are expected to drive meaningful value creation for our shareholders in the years to come, while providing even more flexibility to us for future capital deployment activities in the future. Now turning to the specifics of our second quarter performance. Overall, the company generated total adjusted revenues of $692 million in the quarter, resulting in a 1% decline in organic revenue, which was at the high end of our expectations. FX was a 1% headwind, which was slightly worse than expected, and we again had no incremental contribution from acquisitions. As it relates to our P&L, we are pleased to report we generated 28.7% adjusted operating margins in the quarter, which was up significantly versus the first quarter and was roughly 120 basis points above our expectations. I'm extremely proud of our team's execution from a cost perspective by controlling what we can control, realizing additional synergies and experiencing the full benefit of the restructuring actions we took at the end of last year. Looking below the line, our adjusted net interest and other expense was $8 million in the quarter as we are benefiting from our strong cash inflows and the favorable interest environment against our fixed rate debt, while our adjusted tax rate was 21.1%. With an average diluted share count of 123.5 million for the quarter, this resulted in an adjusted EPS in the second quarter of $1.22, which was $0.10 above our expectations. Moving beyond the P&L, we generated free cash flow of $160 million in the quarter, resulting in free cash flow conversion of our adjusted net income of 107%. This brings the free cash flow generated year-to-date to $293 million, resulting in 108% conversion of our adjusted net income. This result is clearly outstanding as our teams have an increased focus on managing all aspects of working capital to better optimize the business following the transformation we have gone through over the last several years. As I mentioned, in addition to this internally generated cash, we also received an additional inflow of approximately $150 million in the quarter from PerkinElmer with additional payments expected over the remainder of the year. You will note that the receipt of these PerkinElmer related payments are positively impacting the discontinued operations lines in our investing cash flow statement. As for capital deployment, we remained active in the second quarter. We repurchased $20 million of shares in the quarter, while also increasing our funding towards key capital expenditure projects. As discussed, we intend to step-up our repurchase activity over the remainder of the year, while remaining committed to our investment grade credit rating. We finished the quarter with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio of 2.4 times. I will now provide some commentary on our second quarter business trends, which is also included in the quarterly slide presentation on our Investor Relations website. The 1% decline in organic revenue in the quarter was comprised of a 6% decline in our life sciences segment and 3% growth in diagnostics. Geographically, we declined in the low-single digits in the Americas and Europe and grew low-single digits in Asia, with China declining low double-digits. From a segment perspective, our life sciences business generated adjusted revenue of $314 million in the quarter. This was down 7% on a reported basis and 6% on an organic basis. From a customer perspective, sales to both pharma biotech customers and academic and government customers declined in the mid-single digits in the quarter. Our life sciences instrument revenue was down low-teens in the quarter and our reagents, which includes our technology licensing and specialty pharma services revenue, declined high-single digits. Our reagent performance was negatively impacted by the difficult technology licensing comps, which contend to be lumpy and did not repeat this year. Absent these comp headwinds, the more modest low to mid-single digit decline in reagents was still below our expectations as there continued to be pockets of pharma headcount reduction activity across the industry. We are not expecting any meaningful improvement in absolute reagent sales volumes in the back half of the year, but we will begin to face easier comparison starting here in the third quarter. Our signal software business was a highlight again this quarter, as it grew in the high-teens organically year-over-year. We are seeing strong traction across the board in this business, including with our net customer retentions, new business wins, SaaS conversions, and good initial adoption of recent new product launches. The business will face some tough comp dynamics in the third quarter before returning to robust growth in the fourth quarter to finish out, what is on pace to be a very strong year. In our Diagnostics segment, we generated $378 million of adjusted revenue in the quarter, which was up 1% on a reported basis and 3% on an organic basis. From a business perspective, our immunodiagnostics business grew in the high-single digits organically during the quarter, solidly above our expectations. The business continues to perform well with its newer offerings and again experienced robust growth in the Americas. This helped to offset flat performance in China, as it was pressured from the go-to-market change we implemented at the beginning of the year. Our reproductive health business grew in the low-single digits organically in the quarter. Newborn screening continued to perform well and grew in the low-single digits in the quarter globally, despite continued pressure in China. Excluding China, our newborn business again grew in the high-single digits. We are optimistic for the recent pressures on our newborn business in China to subside starting this quarter, allowing us to return to more meaningful growth to finish up the year. Finally, our applied genomics business declined in the low double-digits in the quarter. Based on conversations with customers and our current order pipeline, we are cautiously optimistic that we may now have found the bottom in this business as we expect it to be roughly flat here in the third quarter before returning to positive growth to close out the year. As it pertains to China specifically, our revenue in the country overall declined in the low double-digits year-over-year. This consisted of a high-single digit decline for diagnostics and a low double-digit decline in life sciences. Late in the quarter, we began to see a more meaningful slowing in demand for instrumentation as more customers are holding-off on their purchasing decisions until the availability in terms of stimulus becomes clearer. This resulted in our life science and applied genomics instrumentation in China being down over 30% overall in the quarter. While we are optimistic that the current stimulus programs will positively impact parts of our business in China eventually, we are not assuming this incremental tailwind significantly materializes until next year. Consequently, we expect our life science and applied genomics instrumentation in China to remain challenged until stimulus arrives. As a reminder for context, our life sciences and applied genomics instrumentation sales in China represents only approximately 3% of our overall revenues. In regards to the outlook for the remainder of the year, we are pleased by our performance year-to-date and are starting to see more encouraging signs from our recent pharma biotech customer conversations. Revvity is also fortunate that we have differentiated growth drivers within our company, which have continued to perform well, allowing us to maintain our positive organic growth outlook for the year. Given we are now at the midpoint of the year and based on our outlook for the remaining six months, we continue to expect that the 2% midpoint of our organic growth guidance is the most likely scenario for the year. With the continued strength in the U.S. dollar at the end of June, we are now anticipating a negative 1% headwind from FX for the full year compared to our prior outlook of FX having a neutral impact. We expect these two factors to result in our full year 2024 revenue being in the range of $2.77 billion to $2.79 billion. With our profitability pacing better than previously anticipated and our non-operating items also coming in favorable, we are excited to share that we are raising our adjusted earnings per share guidance for the year as our expense, cash flow and balance sheet management have been excellent, which we expect to continue. Consequently, we now expect our 2024 adjusted EPS to be in the range of $4.70 to $4.80, up from our prior outlook of $4.55 to $4.75. Given that we believe the lower than normal growth this year is only temporary, we plan to capitalize on this opportunity by becoming even more active in our capital deployment via share repurchases over the remainder of the year. We expect this planned step-up in buyback activity will pay meaningful dividends for our shareholders in the years to come. With our strong margin performance in the first half, which we anticipate will continue over the remainder of the year, we now expect our adjusted operating margins to be in the range of 28% to 28.5% for the year, up from our prior 28% outlook. Below the operating line, we are also doing a great job managing those items that are more fully within our control. Given the strong cash flow year-to-date, combined with the inflow of nearly $150 million from PerkinElmer, we now expect our net interest and other expense for the year to be approximately $50 million, down from our prior outlook of $60 million. We continue to expect our tax rate to be a little over 20% for the full year. Since we do not account for share repurchase activity in our guidance until it is actually completed, for the time being, we are still expecting a diluted share count of approximately a 123.5 million shares. As mentioned, we anticipate the impact from any share repurchases we make over the coming months to be relatively neutral to our adjusted EPS in the near term, as we are already more than halfway through the year and it would have an offsetting effect on our interest income. In the third quarter, we are anticipating our organic growth to improve relative to the first half of the year and grow in the low-single digits year-over-year, while FX is currently expected to be a headwind of approximately 100 basis points. We again expect to hold our operating expenses relatively flat sequentially, resulting in adjusted operating margins of around 28%. Our net interest and others should be up roughly 50% sequentially in the third quarter to approximately $12 million, and we expect a third quarter tax rate of approximately 22%. Overall, this results in an adjusted EPS in the third quarter expected to be in the range of $1.10 to $1.14. Overall, we had a strong second quarter despite market challenges continuing as we executed extremely well on our areas of focus that are more within our control. The uniqueness of revenue is allowing us to continue to forecast positive organic growth when many others in the industry are not. Combined with our ability to properly manage the business, it is allowing us to raise our adjusted operating margin, free cash flow, and adjusted EPS guidance for the year, which I am very proud of. With that, operator, we would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Prahlad, maybe on the reagent side, certainly, I understand the technology licensing comps weighing things down there. But as Max talked about, that low to mid-single maybe a little bit below expectations, sounds like the pharma piece is just lingering there. Can you just talk about, I guess, what you're seeing kind of break down the business a little bit, whether it's BioLegend or different segments and just talk about the trends you're seeing and then expectations, it does not sound, like, you guys are baking in much of an improvement in the guide. But it would be helpful to just talk through what you're seeing and just expectations what you guys are looking for to signal a recovery there?
Prahlad Singh: Hey, Patrick. Good morning. Sure. So on the reagent side, as you heard from both Max and I in the prepared remarks, we saw some sporadic, I would say, volatility and additional site consolidations and close down that happened around the middle of the quarter. But the headcount reductions and site consolidations we saw, I think it's now mostly behind us. I mean despite -- outside of this, I would say, sporadicness, we've seen generally nine months of stability and that's what gives us increased confidence that the worst is behind us. In terms of the current guidance, we assume very similar level of absolute dollars in the third quarter versus the second quarter with some, I would say, normal seasonal improvements from that going on in 4Q. But I think the essence to your question is, we feel like the worst of the cuts that are going on in the pharma biotech is now likely behind us and that's what sort of gives us a sense of increased visibility into the second half.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe one for Max, just on the margins, nice performance, good to see that come through in 2Q. You obviously moved the guidance up a little bit there. Can you just talk about the moving pieces? How much of it is the restructuring versus any mix? And then it sounds like, again, this 20, 20.5 good launching point for next year. Can you just remind us how you think about the algorithm as we work our way into next year and then any moving pieces we should be thinking about? Much appreciated, guys. Thanks.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Patrick. So from a margin standpoint, I think we're encouraged by the performance for the team for the first half of the year. Again, that's leading us to take up the margin expectations for the full year. I think when you think about the factors that are driving this, I would say it's really continued progress on our integrations and synergies from some of the recent acquisitions in addition to the restructuring actions that we took at the end of last year. So, I think it's kind of a combination of those two factors is really the predominant driving force on the margin side. As we look longer term, as a reminder, our LRP kind of calls for 75 basis points of OMX per year, assuming a normal market growth rate environment. I think as we mentioned in the call, we'll see about 25 here either at our Analyst Day or again in January. But I think for us, if we are in a normal market environment, we feel very confident on the 75 bps OMX per year.
Operator: We now turn to Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to ask about China diagnostics. Starting with immunodiagnostics flat in the quarter, what are your expectations for the second half of the year? And can you just remind us what the go-to-market changes you were made were earlier in the year and how those are playing out? Thanks.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Sure. Hey, Jack. So from a China diagnostics standpoint, I would say for the second quarter, really the headwind we faced was on the instrumentation side, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, China IDX was right in line with expectations being approximately flat. As we look towards the second half of the year, specifically again for China IDX, we anticipate positive mid-single digit growth in the second half of the year. And I think then to your last question on the go-to-market change, this was for one of our older legacy product lines that we had in China. It was related mostly to an infectious disease portfolio. At the beginning of the year, we did go to an indirect commercial model. And so again, that's been a little bit of a headwind from a revenue perspective, but it's been a tailwind from a profitability standpoint and it's more or less played out as anticipated.
Jack Meehan: Got it. Okay. And then on the newborn screening side, it sounds like that was still down in the quarter, but you're confident in that making a turn, like, what are you seeing on the ground? What gives you that confidence that business is going to turn? Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, Jack. I think just as we've talked about earlier, the prenatal screening tends to be an early indicator around the birth rates that are going to play out over the second half of the year. So it's nothing more than just seeing the prenatal screening numbers going up that sort of gives us a sense that there will be improvement in birth rates as we look into the second half of the year.
Operator: We now turn to Puneet Souda with Leerink Partners. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Puneet Souda: Great. Thanks. Good to be here, Prahlad and Max. So first question is just a bit more on the -- Max commented about the pharma layoffs. We are all aware of it. So Prahlad, that some of those folks -- preclinical folks are not getting back to labs anytime soon. So wondering sort of what gives you confidence in the recovery within the biopharma segment? And then maybe if you could talk about early stage discovery versus academic. We saw some improvement from your peers in the -- more in the development and later stages, but just wondering what you're seeing with the early discovery folks?
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, Puneet. I think the reason for the visibility that we talk about is that, yes, the headcount reductions have happened and the site consolidations are happening, but it's not that we are getting any indication that the programs are shutting down. It's the time that it takes to transition the program to say from the West Coast to an East Coast side that sort of gives us a sense of visibility as to when it comes back up and running. And then, that gives us a sense of, what I said earlier, visibility into when the programs are and that's what causes the volatility that I talked about earlier. In terms of early discovery versus clinical, if I'm not wrong, that was what your question was, Puneet?
Puneet Souda: Yes.
Prahlad Singh: I mean, at the end of the day, as I've said earlier, innovation is only going to happen as they continue to invest in early discovery programs, whether there are only two ways that you do it, either you invest in discovery or you buy compounds. And right now, what we are saying is that there is no indication that pharma biotech is saying that we are going to shut down the pipeline for innovation.
Max Krakowiak: And then just the last point on sort of the pre-revenue biotech funding question. Again, as a reminder, it's less than 5% overall of our total company revenue that's exposed to this customer group. However, I would say that the second quarter was a sequential improvement from the first quarter. So it does appear to be getting better, but it is still challenged overall and did decline in the period.
Puneet Souda: Got it. Very helpful. And then just on the buybacks, Max, those $330 million, is that entirely this year? Just wanted to get the view on the cadence for that. Thank you.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. So in terms of the $330 million, Puneet, that is just the authorization we have left on our share repurchase program. It's TBD, exactly how the timing of that plays out. I think the comments on our call were that we're going to be more opportunistically aggressive on the share repurchasing. And I think that's what all our comments are at this point in time.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. I mean, just to add to that, it's just the existing authorization that we have. But Puneet, more broadly, just looking at our current valuation and where we think we are headed in the future, the return on buying back our stock makes a lot more sense to deploy capital around that, particularly, if you look at the continued elevation for M&A candidates, and we honestly don't expect this valuation disconnect opportunity to last forever. So, we plan to be aggressive while it does.
Puneet Souda: Got it. That's helpful, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Vijay Kumar: Fantastic. Good morning, Prahlad, and thanks for taking my question. One on the second half organic revenue phasing. I just want to confirm if the implied Q4 is high singles. In related to that, I think I heard you say life science instrumentation was down 30% in China because of the stimulus-related delays. Can you give some flavor on what kind of instruments is a small versus large ticket items and when -- and what is the guide assuming for back half on those China instruments?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. So maybe I'll start with the second one first, Vijay, just on the China life sciences instrumentation. So as a reminder on our portfolio, most of the items are what we would consider bigger ticket items. The ASP is sort of 500,000 plus from a life sciences instrumentation standpoint. I think as we look at the second half of the year right now, our guidance assumes it's still down mid-single digits for the second half of the year from an instrumentation standpoint. And so, we'll see how that plays out, but that's what the assumption in the guidance is. I think as you look at the overall second half organic revenue ramp, in the second quarter, our guidance is for positive low-single digits, which then implies for the fourth quarter that you're going to be looking at high single to low double-digit organic growth range in the fourth quarter. Now that step up has a couple of different components. Half of that step up is related to instrumentation, which is really just normal seasonality between the third and the fourth quarter. We are not factoring in any change in market environment. Then there's another 2% of that is related to our software business, which is just the renewal timing in our pipeline, and we have good visibility into that. The remaining couple of percentage points is really related actually to China diagnostics and the two pieces there. One, it's an easier comp for immunodiagnostics in the fourth quarter. And then, as we already talked about, we are anticipating a step up in our neo business in the fourth quarter in China.
Vijay Kumar: That's extremely helpful, Max. And maybe one on margins here, pretty impressive free cash outperformance and OM execution. The -- I think your cost actions was $100 million last year. Did we pull forward the savings? Like, what is the total cost actions benefit we're expecting for fiscal '24 and what is remaining for fiscal 25?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. I think, so just as a reminder too, Vijay, when we had come into this year and we are calling for flat operating margin performance year-over-year, the dynamics that played were one, the cost actions we took at the end of last year, but then two, the return of the variable comp, which we said should normalize in 2024 versus the compression that it faced in 2023. So those were the assumptions coming into this year. I think what you're seeing is just continued execution on a lot of the operational initiatives we have. I talked about some of the synergies and integration work that continues to be ongoing. And I think, again, as we look again in the outer years from a margin standpoint, this is what really gives us the confidence in our ability to execute and sort of reach our ultimate margin entitlement from an overall company perspective.
Vijay Kumar: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Matt Sykes: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just focus on applied genomics for a minute. You mentioned the weakness was due to subdued pharma demand. Just curious the dynamics of the applied genomics business as it relates to pharma demand. Should we see a similar level of recovery and cadence for that recovery versus what you're saying in life sciences or is there something about the applied genomics business that you think might take longer for the recovery to take hold in that specific business?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah . Hey, Matt. From an applied genomics perspective, I don't know, if there's anything specifically unique to that business that I would call out. I think as you've been following the company over the past six, seven quarters, it's been a meaningful headwind for us as an overall company. The business has been facing two headwinds. One is on the pharma biotech side and then the second was the build out of the installed base on the clinical side during the COVID period ramp. I think what we're seeing here is in the second half of the guidance is we are assuming a similar market dynamics that we saw in the first half of the year. We continue to work through those two headwinds and really the function of the performance in the second half is the same market environment and normal seasonality in the fourth quarter.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, Matt. If you recall, I think this product line grew close to 50% two years in a row. So that this is hopefully what we are seeing is now the bottoming out of it.
Matt Sykes: Got it. Thank you. And then, Max, just for modeling, just would love to get what you achieved in terms of pricing in the quarter and what your expectations for pricing are embedded in the guide for the balance of the year?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. So from a pricing perspective in the second quarter, similar to the first quarter. In the first quarter, I think we mentioned it was around approximately 100 basis points of price. I think we have a similar assumption for the second half of the year. I would just say overall, obviously, given the market environment, pricing is, I would say, more challenged than what it is in a normal year, but we continue to still get price on the life sciences side. Yeah.
Matt Sykes: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We now turn to Dan Brennan with TD Cowen. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thank you for the questions, guys. Congrats on the quarter. If we can just go back to reagents, I know it came up earlier in the call given the size of that business for you. Could you just provide a little more color on BioLegend versus legacy and kind of how we think about reagents Q3, Q4 and kind of any visibility you can provide on that front?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. I think we've been pretty consistent in not breaking out individual business units or sub-brands. Obviously, BioLegend, again, is more than 50% of our overall reagents portfolio. I would say, it's probably the best performing piece of our overall reagents portfolio. I think that's probably all the color we provide. And I think to further echo the comments that Prahlad previously made about the second half assumptions, we're assuming essentially the same market environment that we faced here in the first half and there's no real meaningful change in volume assumptions between the first half and second half.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, Matt. There is nothing here that is competitive driven. I mean what we are seeing is sporadic market softness because of site closures and consolidations.
Dan Brennan: Got it. Okay. Maybe moving over to M&A. There's been more activity year-to-date kind of in the sector, some unconventional like out of Chapter 11, but Agilent recently announced pretty sizable deal. Just wondering, I know that's an important part of your go forward. Kind of can you speak to kind of what your pipeline looks like there? Maybe is it feasible something could be executed in the next six months to 12 months. And just give us some context around how sizable you're willing to go for the right deal.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. I think the way I would look at it, Matt -- Dan is that we still feel that the valuations continue to be elevated for the M&A candidates. We continue to have a fertile pipeline and we continue to build on the relationships, but I don't think you're going to see us do any sizable side or -- size M&A in the near future. I think we talked about the share buyback where we will have a focus on to continue to deploy capital in the near term.
Dan Brennan: Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Catherine Schulte with Baird. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Catherine Schulte: Hey, guys. Thanks for the questions. First, just a modeling question. How should we think about growth by segment for the third quarter and the full year?
Max Krakowiak: Yes. Hey, Catherine. Hope you're doing well. So on the growth by segment for the third quarter for life sciences, we're anticipating to be roughly flat overall in the third quarter and on the diagnostics side, positive low to mid-single digits growth for the third quarter. If you were to compare that overall for the full year, that would bring life sciences then to flat to slightly down from an organic growth perspective. On the diagnostics side, it would again sort of be in the low to mid-single digit range.
Catherine Schulte: All right. Perfect. And then I guess if you do exit the year at high single to low double-digits in the fourth quarter, how do you think about how that sets you up heading into '25? I know it's still early now and there are some comp dynamics that are going on there. So how will those comps change as we head into next year as we try to level set? Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, Catherine. I think the way I would look at this is, we really feel that the worst is behind us, as I said earlier, and we continue to see more encouraging signs just from our recent conversations with customers, particularly in the U.S., but I wouldn't say that we've gone to full normalization yet. I mean, I think in terms of what we would expect to see in 2025, I think we'll have to wait till our Analyst Day, which is in late November to give you a bigger -- deeper insight into what we think.
Catherine Schulte: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Luke Sergott with Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Luke Sergott: Great. Thanks, guys. I kind of want to follow-up on the applied genomics, that seems to be -- you continue to go through the headwinds there, but it seems to continue to get a little better and better. And so, as the confidence comes on, like, can you break out from a -- we had the Revvity OMX piece to start the year that was a slight headwind and that you're getting that coming back. And then you have the extract RNA, DNA extraction kits, things like that. So talk about the different pieces within that sub-segment that are kind of coming back and what it's going to take to continue that acceleration?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Luke. So just as one clarification before diving into -- the Revvity OMX piece that you referred to is actually part of our reproductive health business, not applied genomics, so just one clarification there.
Luke Sergott: [Multiple Speakers] get that. Sorry about that. Yeah.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. It's all right.
Luke Sergott: No worries.
Max Krakowiak: And I think as you look then at applied genomics, right, I think again there's really two sort of main pieces of this business, right? You do have the RNA, DNA extraction and then on the other side, you kind of have the liquid handling portion of the business. I think as you look at those two, we've definitely seen the headwinds on the extraction piece a bit quicker right now. I think that's again, that was the piece where it really got built up through the COVID installed base years. That part of the business has been performing better and has been returning to growth. I think where we're still continuing to see the challenges is really more so on the liquid handling side of things. And that is where I think now as we get into the second half of the year, from a comps dynamic perspective, we are expected to start to see that start to return to growth again.
Luke Sergott: Great. Thanks. And then as you think about on the life sci and with the licensing comp on the reagents that you guys face, can you talk about what that licensing or technology license was for actually? Because I thought that you guys mostly did your own internal antibodies and you license them out and I guess you license them out to others. But kind of just walk us through the various details there and get a better understanding of what goes on.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. From a comp perspective that Max pointed out earlier, Luke, that was the one that we had announced the pin-point base editing technology, which we had licensed to AstraZeneca in the second quarter of last year. So specifically, that was the one. The other licensing technologies that we license are around AAV vectors, viral vectors and lentiviruses that we license out from our SIRION Biotech acquisition. So, there are three or four components where we focus around licensing opportunities, just to sort of give you a sense of what they account for.
Luke Sergott: Yeah. That's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: We now turn to Michael Ryskin with Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Ryskin: Great. Thanks for taking the question, guys. Max, a couple of times in your prepared remarks and in your Q&A, you talked about seasonality in the fourth quarter and how that explains a lot of the ramp from 3Q to 4Q, both for total company and for some of the instruments business. I'm just curious what's driving that and what exactly do you mean by that. I mean, obviously, we know your typical seasonality, but is that attributed to budget flush? Is that attributed to customers coming back because if pharma and biotech is still a little bit pressured and it sounds like it's going to be pressure through the rest of the year and if China is a little pressured, maybe that seasonality won't come back to the normal effect that you see in prior years? Just trying to delve deeper into what's driving that confidence. Thanks.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Mike. So I would say, it's probably a little bit of a combination of the things that you mentioned in your opening question there. I think one is the conversations we are having with our customers and what the pipeline looks like. I think, two, just from a normal buying behavior standpoint, instruments are the largest volume-wise in the fourth quarter. And so, I think it's a combination of those two things that's really leading to our expectations for the fourth quarter.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. Thanks. And then on China specifically, you talked a little bit about ImmunoDx and reproductive health, but excluding those, it sounded like China got a little bit worse as the quarter went on. I think you specifically said that. I mean, it sounds like your expectations for China are now lower than they were before. I realize a lot of this hinges on stimulus timing and magnitude and that's still a lot unknown. But just curious your thoughts on China, bigger picture, not just the next couple of months, the ability of that end-market to come back in 2025, the various outcomes possible with the stimulus. Just take a step back and sort of holistically talk us through what you're seeing in China. Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: I think my -- the way to look at it as we take a step back and strategically for us, China continues to be a very important market at, 16% 17% of your -- our revenue, as you know. Immunodiagnostics continues to be very strong in that market. 10% of our business there is diagnostics. Our reproductive health, as we've talked about earlier, we expect this year to see a bump up in birth rates, given the year of the dragon. And I think overall, if you take a step back, especially with the stimulus funding coming in, either by the end of the year or early next year, it is continuing -- it is going to continue to drive growth and that -- I don't believe that, that is going to slow down. Keep in mind, our product portfolio is differentiated enough that we had high single-digit growth last year. So, we are coming off that comp in that marketplace. So, we feel very good about China and we -- it is one of our strategic markets. So nothing strategically has changed for us based on what you saw in the second quarter.
Michael Ryskin: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Knight with KeyBanc. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Paul Knight: Hi. Thanks for the question. The BioLegend business, we're seeing on our side growth in clinical trials, Phase 1 since 2018. So maybe that's a sign things better. Does BioLegend win off of Phase 1, or are they more later-stage winner? I already...
Prahlad Singh: They tend to be earlier stage -- they tend to be a bit earlier stage in the pipeline, Paul. They tend to be more in the preclinical and discovery side. As we are moving into the GMP capabilities, that's where -- there was the whole strategy around us moving into the pilot plant and then Phase 1 side. So that is where we are heading towards, but primarily the -- the primary domain the BioLegend plays is in discovery and early -- preclinical.
Paul Knight: Do you think we're seeing the effect of better funding in the therapy -- in the biopharma market?
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. I mean, we've started seeing signs of the pre-revenue biotech capital funding influx coming in. And as Max pointed out during one of the questions, increased conversations with our customers around opening programs and starting programs with that funding, but I think it will take a quarter or two before that materializes.
Paul Knight: Okay. Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah.
Operator: We now turn to Rachel Vatnsdal with JP Morgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great. Good morning, you guys. Thanks for taking the questions. So I wanted to ask another one here on instruments. You talked about how the instruments in China have been pressured from some of this air pocket related to China stimulus. So could you remind us within your instrument portfolio, how much of it is exposed to China versus rest of world? And then just to dig in on those rest of world trends, can you talk about how customers outside of China are thinking about their capital budgets? Has that improved at all, or is that continued to be pressured here as well?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Rachel. So as a reminder, our overall instrumentation in China is 3% of total company revenues. So it is in the grand scheme things still relatively small to the overall portfolio. Yeah. As I mentioned, I think it was a challenging second quarter. We'll see what happens here in the second half with stimulus. I think as we look outside to the rest of the world, we do continue to see sequential improvements in our instrumentation from the first quarter of this year. And I think as we look towards the second half, again, the conversations we're having with the customers are providing increased visibility on those pipelines and is alluding -- sort of leading us to our expectations for the second half of the year.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great. And then on my follow-up, just in terms of activity levels throughout the quarter, can you walk us through what did you see within the life sciences side and specifically really within reagents throughout the quarter? Was June any better than April? And then how is that going to continue to trend into the month of July as well?
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. I don't think we want to get into intra-quarter guidance, Rachel. I would say that over the last 45 to 60 days, we have seen continued to see the stability that we have seen. And as I mentioned, the sporadicness that we had was related to two or three site closures that happened in the West Coast and then those programs have now shifted to other sites. So it's more a matter of that and headcount reduction than any continued trend. On the other -- previous question that you had on the instrument side, I think one thing to add. As you -- if you recall, we totally revamped our in vivo imaging portfolio that was launched towards the end of the last year. And that's where we started to see increased conversations from customers. Particularly in the U.S., we continue to be more optimistic around this being the first market where we will start seeing signs of turnaround on the life sciences instruments side.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. Good to talk to you, guys. So maybe, Prahlad, I want to go back to the buyback. And no, I appreciate you have $330 million left in your current program and you did $20 million in the second quarter. I guess, why not do something bigger? We've seen some of your peers kind of do multi-billion-dollar buybacks. And then on M&A, I guess you're saying multiples are high, but can you maybe just talk about digesting prior deals? I think in the past, you talked about reverse integration of BioLegend. So maybe just talk about kind of integration of some of the deals you've done.
Prahlad Singh: Sure, Tycho. Good to hear your voice. On the buyback, I will say that you are right, the existing authorization, that's why I said is for $330 million. We will -- we do plan to go back to the Board for authorization at the next Board meeting. But I think from a valuation perspective, if you recall, Tycho, most of the acquisitions that we tend to do and our private founder entrepreneur-owned companies and that's where I say that the impact of the market really has not had an effect on valuation. I mean, those founder entrepreneurs do not get impacted by publicly-listed company valuations and that's where we still see elevated valuations. So I think from that perspective, we will continue we see that in the short-term, it makes a whole lot more sense to deploy capital around buying back stock than for looking at M&A candidates. And when we find the right one, we will be. But as you pointed out, we've done several acquisitions and we are starting to see the synergistic benefits as we continue to integrate them into the company.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then maybe a follow-up, you've had a number of questions on pharma. I'm just wondering thinking ahead about IRA and kind of what happens in the next six months here, can you maybe just talk a little bit about how you're thinking about that impact in particular?
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. I think, Tycho, it's a great question, but I think that has already been planned out as pharma biotech has looked at their P&L and strategic plans for '25 and beyond. I mean, that was the exercise I believe that they went through the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year. So that has already been in the planning stages for, I would say, about two, three quarters ago.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then before I hop off, just one quick clarification. I think on value-based pricing, you previously expected about a 500 basis point headwind. Is that still accurate in China?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. It wasn't necessarily tied into VBP program specifically. It was just related to, I think, some of the pricing challenges we have in China overall. And that was related to our immunodiagnostics portfolio that we made that comment about, as it has not been brought into scope of VBP. So, it was more just a general comment of what we're seeing on the industry.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions. I'll now hand back to Steve Willoughby for closing remarks.
Steve Willoughby: Thank you, Elliot. We look forward to catching up with everyone over the next few weeks. Talk soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, today's call has now concluded. We'd like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Q1 2024 Revvity Earnings Conference Call. My name is Carla, and I will be coordinating your call today. 
 [Operator Instructions] 
 I will now hand you over to your host, Stephen Willoughby to begin. Steve, please go ahead. 
Stephen Willoughby: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Revvity's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. On the call with me today are Prahlad Singh, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Max Krakowiak, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to remind you of our safe harbor statements outlined in our press release issued earlier this morning and also those in our SEC filings. 
 Statements or comments made on this call may be forward-looking statements, which may include, but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings.  
 Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change so you should not rely on any of today's statements as representing our views as of any date after today.  
 During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release.  
 I'll now turn it over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Prahlad Singh. Prahlad? 
Prahlad Singh: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Following the company's transformation over the last several years, today marks the fourth quarter that we have reported our results as Revvity. And in 2 weeks, I look forward to celebrating with my colleagues, the 1-year anniversary of our new company unveiling. I'm proud to look back on all that we have accomplished in such a short period of time, and I'm excited to continue to build on the great progress we have been making towards reaching our ultimate potential.  
 We were extremely active during the first few months of the year as the team hit the ground running on a number of key initiatives, on which I thought I would provide some more insight this morning. First, from a market perspective, while we have begun to have more constructive conversations with our pharma and biotech customers over the last 45 to 60 days, their actual spending has not yet begun to meaningfully pick back up. 
 So while it is promising to see continued stability, and there are a couple of potential trends on the horizon, which could turn into tailwinds, given we have yet to see a meaningful inflection in actual order trends, we are currently maintaining our outlook for the remainder of the year.  
 Revvity's uniqueness was on display through -- in the first quarter as our Diagnostic businesses have continued to remain strong and performed well. Our Immunodiagnostics franchise, which is by far the largest piece of our Diagnostics segment driving the low double digits in the quarter. 
 Our newborn Screening business also continued to perform well with mid-single-digit growth overall, including double-digit growth outside of China. This helped to offset the significant declines that occurred as we had anticipated in our Applied Genomics business. 
 The combination of these market environments led our performance overall to be better than we had anticipated with our organic revenue declining 3% ahead of our mid-single-digit decline expectation. Given the trends we experienced over the last few months of 2023, which continued into this year, we entered 2024, accelerating our efforts to eliminate stranded costs from our recent transformation and offset the return of variable expenses, which were reduced last year. 
 These cost containment efforts continued through the first quarter and will help us further optimize the organization moving forward. Our newly formed enterprise operations team is making good progress on leading a number of initiatives to further streamline our business in the near term, while also setting us up to capitalize on more significant internal opportunities over the coming years, such as footprint consolidation, logistics optimization, vendor consolidation, and several very intriguing insourcing opportunities.  
 Secondly, as part of this concerted effort to reach our full potential as quickly as possible, earlier this month, we realigned the management of a few of our business units. As part of these changes, I'm pleased to announce that Gene Lay, the founder of BioLegend, has now become the head of our overall Life Sciences segment. As we have mentioned in the past, we have intentionally taken a more flexible approach to the integration of our acquisitions in order to benefit from the strengths and the opportunities each of them uniquely provides. 
 With this change, we have cemented the reverse integration process we have been working through in our Life Sciences business since we acquired BioLegend 2 years ago. This change in leadership is part of a broader streamlining of my direct organization and builds on the recently completed successful integrations of several acquisitions, including IDS, Oxford Immunotec and eXcelon.  
 With these changes, we are now poised for tremendous internal collaboration and the company will be in an even stronger position to drive key initiatives going forward, including aggressively bringing new innovations to market, capitalizing on new go-to-market opportunities, making consistent progress on our key areas of operational focus, and advantageously deploying capital both internally and externally. 
 For example, these organizational changes are intended to build an even stronger connection between our Life Sciences, Revvity Omics and Diagnostics businesses. I look forward to continuing the invaluable partnership Gene and I already have built as well as seeing the further progress that I expect will come from this evolution.  
 From a financial standpoint, our strong focus on expense management during this current period of softer market conditions led our adjusted operating margins in the first quarter to be 25.5%, which is approximately 100 basis points above our expectations. We are making good progress in a number of areas, and I expect our margins in both our Diagnostics and Life Sciences segments will continue to improve over the remainder of the year.  
 The improvement in our Diagnostics margins will be a key factor in the years to come as we look to achieve our 75 basis points of annual margin expansion once organic revenue growth normalizes. Despite already having near industry-leading operating margins for the company overall, in just our first year as Revvity, it has been great to see the successful impact our actions over the last few quarters are already having. I'm confident in our ability to drive additional margin improvement over both the remainder of this year and in the years to come.  
 Now that the majority of our divestiture and rebranding activities are behind us, I was also very pleased to see that our cash generation performance was again quite strong in the first quarter of the year. During the first quarter, we generated over $130 million of free cash flow for the second quarter in a row. 
 While the first quarter of the year is typically the lightest from a cash flow generation standpoint, it was great to see such strong performance this quarter. This is a testament to the keen attention being paid by the team on all things that impact our cash flow, such as purchasing and inventory, improving collections, strong management of our payables and an otherwise tight focus on our spending. We expect these positive cash flow trends to continue over the remainder of the year and be supplemented by additional meaningful inflows related to the divestiture that are due to us in the coming months. 
 In addition to our better-than-expected financial performance in the first quarter, we also had an extremely robust first few months from an innovation perspective. Starting in our Revvity Signals Software business, we launched 3 new SaaS-based offerings, two of which, Signals Clinical and Signal Synergy, enter us into new adjacent markets for which we have not previously served. Our Signals business is off to a strong start this year by growing a better-than-expected high-single digits in the first quarter, and is well positioned to continue to perform well, both from a financial standpoint and an innovation standpoint over the remainder of the year.  
 Also software-related, we launched our next-generation sequencing solution for newborn screening during the first quarter. This new optimized RUO workflow will build on our already strong market leadership position in newborn screening as the technology continues to develop. 
 One initial success story of this offering is our recently announced collaboration with a large nonprofit research institute, RTI, thereby their groundbreaking early check research study for newborn screening will benefit from Revvity's genomic sequencing capabilities starting in May. These are the types of cutting-edge collaborations with the world's leading scientists that Revvity excels at.  
 Finally, we again had a strong quarter of innovation in our Life Sciences Reagents business. As our GMP reagent capacity expansion begins to fully come online, we launched a number of new GLP recombinant proteins in addition to several products incorporating our new next-generation UV dies. 
 I'm also proud to announce that our BioLegend business was awarded several grants from the Michael J. Fox Foundation to become one of their main partners in helping to commercialize the profound scientific breakthroughs from Parkinson's disease that their impactful work is producing.  
 So in closing, now that we are almost at 1 year since becoming Revvity, and having already crossed over the first anniversary of completing a significant divestiture, with those time-consuming activities now largely behind us, I see every day how the company is beginning to hit its stride. We are making more profound advancement in our operating structure and our go-to-market strategy, which will both enable us to properly weather the current industry environment as well as set us up to accelerate our financial performance as more normalized demand returns, hopefully, starting in the second half of this year.  
 I wanted to share that we plan to provide additional insight on our significant potential and the progress we are making at an Investor Day, we will host this November both in-person and virtually from our BioLegend campus in San Diego. We look forward to being able to provide an even deeper dive on our key operational initiatives and the status of the transformation that has already occurred. 
 We also plan to share more perspective on our new product pipelines and key strategic partnerships as well as how our capital deployments, both internally and externally over the last few years have set up the company for consistent industry-leading financial performance in the years to come. We will communicate more details on this event in the coming months, but wanted to put it on everyone's radar screen now. 
 With that, I'll now turn the call over to Max. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Thanks, Prahlad, and good morning, everyone. During the first quarter, we continued to execute at a high level despite the continued challenges in the pharma/biotech industry. As we face these headwinds, the strength of our Immunodiagnostics, newborn and software businesses allowed us to exceed our organic revenue expectations and also overcome some incremental FX pressure. 
 As we've been discussing over the last several quarters, during this period of software, pharma and biotech spending, we have had a concerted effort on controlling those items that are more directly within our control, specifically our operational efficiency and our cash flow generation. It was great to see both of these focus areas really performing well in the first quarter, with our adjusted operating margins of 25.5% being approximately 100 basis points above our expectations, and our $132 million of free cash flow being well over 100% of our adjusted net income in the quarter.  
 As I begin to walk through our financials for the quarter, I wanted to remind everyone that 2023 revenues related to COVID were de minimis, and as such, we will no longer be referencing non-COVID revenue. Instead, I will focus my commentary in our disclosed results solely on our organic performance.  
 Overall, the company generated total adjusted revenues of $650 million in the quarter, resulting in a 3% decline in organic revenue, which was above our expectations. FX was a modest year-over-year headwind, roughly 100 basis points, worse than we had assumed, and we again had no incremental contributions from acquisitions.  
 As it relates to our P&L, we generated 25.5% adjusted operating margins in the quarter as we continued to focus on controlling our operational costs while accelerating the elimination of divestiture-related stranded costs, leading to stronger margins this quarter. We incurred a favorable pricing impact of approximately 100 basis points in the quarter, and we continue to expect at least 100 basis points of favorable price annually going forward.  
 Looking below the line, we had adjusted net interest and other expense of $11 million and an adjusted tax rate of 22.2%, both in line with our expectations. With an average diluted share count of 123.5 million for the quarter, this resulted in adjusted EPS in the first quarter of $0.98, which was $0.05 above the midpoint of our expectations.  
 Moving beyond the P&L, as I mentioned, we generated free cash flow of $132 million in the quarter. I'm encouraged by the strong cash performance and diligent execution across all teams. We expect this momentum to continue given our recent AI-driven cash collection investments and an increased focus on inventory management. In addition to this internally generated cash flow, we are anticipating some divestiture-related outflows from last year to be reversed and return to us in the coming months, further strengthening our balance sheet.  
 As for capital deployment, we remain active in the first quarter. We repurchased $11 million of shares in the quarter and remained active in evaluating potential inorganic opportunities that are of interest to us. As a reminder, we continue to hold a significant amount of U.S. treasuries, which are term match to the remainder of the $800 million bond we have coming due this September. We finished the quarter with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio of 2.7x.  
 I will now provide some commentary on our first quarter business trends, which is also included in the quarterly slide presentation on our Investor Relations website.  
 The 3% decline in organic revenue in the quarter was comprised of an 8% decline in our Life Sciences segment and 1% growth in Diagnostics. Geographically, we declined in the low single digits in the Americas, declined in the mid-single digits in Europe and declined low single digits in Asia, with China declining mid-single digits.  
 From a segment perspective, our Life Sciences business generated adjusted revenue of $303 million in the quarter. This was down 8% on both a reported on an organic basis. From a customer perspective, sales to pharma/biotech customers declined in the low double digits in the quarter, while sales to academic and government customers declined low single digits. 
 Our Life Sciences instrument revenue was down mid-teens in the quarter, and our reagents technology licensing and specialty pharma services revenue declined high single digits. We saw delays in our pharma customers finalizing their budgets for this year and continued lower overall lab activity levels.  
 As Prahlad mentioned, while we now do have more insight into what customers' budgets look like for this year than we did 90 days ago, and are observing pockets of more favorable trends, we have not yet seen this result in a meaningful improvement in underlying order rates outside of normal seasonality. 
 Our Signal Software business grew high single digits in the quarter, which was a bit ahead of our expectations. We continue to have very strong growth in our SaaS offerings, which bodes well for the long-term potential of this business, especially as we continue to bring new SaaS offerings to market as we have demonstrated with our multiple launches so far this year.  
 In our Diagnostics segment, we generated $347 million of adjusted revenue in the quarter, which was flat on a reported basis and grew 1% on an organic basis. From a business perspective, our Immunodiagnostics business grew in the low double digits organically during this quarter. This consisted of high-teens organic growth in China and high single-digit growth outside of China. The strong performance marks another quarter of above-market growth, which is driven by the uniqueness of the markets we play in as well as capitalizing on our strong menu and geographic expansion opportunities.  
 Our Reproductive Health business grew in the low single digits organically in the quarter. This was driven by stabilization in our revenue Omics lab business as it has now anniversaried the contract completions and new project delays, which pressured growth last year. Our Newborn Screening continued to perform well and grew in the mid-single digits in the quarter globally.  
 Finally, as we had expected, the pressures our Applied Genomics business experienced in the latter half of 2023 continued into this year, resulting in this business declining in the mid-20s year-over-year. Clinical customers continued to absorb the instrumentation they purchased for COVID testing and our pharma customer spending remains subdued. We expect our Applied Genomics performance to improve as the year progresses, and we continue to expect a high single-digit decline in the business for the full year.  
 As it pertains to China specifically, as mentioned, our revenue in the country overall declined in the mid-single digits year-over-year, which was in line with our expectations. This consisted of a high single-digit decline for Diagnostics in the quarter, with high-teens growth in Immunodiagnostics, offset by a significant decline in Reproductive Health. Our Chinese Reproductive Health business faced incremental headwinds as birth rates came under more pressure related to the COVID lockdowns ending and the impact from the reopening wave. 
 Our Life Sciences business in China declined mid-single digits, which was slightly better than we had anticipated. While there has been talk regarding additional stimulus, which could impact our industry, at this point, we have not yet seen this show up in orders. Consequently, while we are ready to capitalize on any opportunities that could arise, we are remaining cautious as it pertains to our assumptions on the potential impact to our business this year.  
 In regards to our outlook for the remainder of the year, we are encouraged by our Q1 results, but are maintaining our full year assumptions, which includes organic growth in the 1% to 3% range. While feedback from our pharma partners is now more constructive, these insights are leading us to assume that the softer end market environment that we've experienced over the last 6 months will continue.  
 Given how dynamic things have been, we will want to see clear signs of recovery before potentially making any adjustments to our outlook for the remainder of the year. As a result, we expect the company won't return to positive organic growth until the second half of this year as we expect our organic revenue to decline in the low single digits in the second quarter. 
 Given the increased fluctuation in currency rates over the last few months, we now anticipate FX to have a neutral impact to our revenues this year, down from our previous 1% tailwind assumption. This results in our full year revenue now expected to be in the range of $2.76 billion to $2.82 billion.  
 Moving down the P&L, we continue to expect to hold our operating margins this year roughly flat at 28% as our recent cost actions are offsetting the return of some variable expenses. We continue to expect our operating margins to be fairly similar in the second and third quarters and slightly below our full year average before improving sequentially in the fourth quarter.  
 Below the operating line, we now expect a few moving pieces, which largely offset each other. First, we now expect our net interest and other expenses for the year to be approximately $60 million, down $10 million from our prior outlook. However, this will be offset by a modestly higher-than-expected tax rate, which we expect to still round to approximately 20%.  
 Our average diluted share count, we still assume will be 123.5 million shares this year. For the second quarter specifically, we expect our below-the-line items to be similar to what we have just reported in the first quarter. This results in our adjusted EPS guidance for the year remaining unchanged in the range of $4.55 to $4.75 as the $0.05 outperformance here in the first quarter is largely being offset by the increased FX headwinds we are now facing. 
 In closing, the company has performed well over the first several months of 2024 despite a continued challenging end market. We did a great job executing on those items that are more fully in our control, such as managing our expenses and driving strong cash flow. When combined with our success in bringing significant innovation to the market, the improvements we have made on both our transformation initiatives and key processes across our organization are positioning us extremely well to deliver differentiated performance in the years to come.  
 With that, Operator, we would now like to open up the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
 Our first question comes from Michael Ryskin from Bank of America. 
Michael Ryskin: I want to ask one big picture, one sort of qualitative, and then I'll follow up, drill in with a little bit more specifics. So in terms of how the quarter played out, it seems like there's still a decent number of surprises. You talked about Reagents coming out a little worse, pharma and biotech being a little bit worse, but then China was a little bit better, Diagnostics was better. So it just seems like there was a lot of moving pieces. I know we're still operating in a pretty volatile end market environment, but how do you feel about your confidence in terms of predicting growth going forward, in terms of the visibility? Is this something that you anticipate will improve? Is this just -- is this temporary? Or is it something a little more inherent to the business mix as it is? 
Prahlad Singh: Mike, I think it's a great question. As both myself and Max said in our prepared remarks, overall, I would say that the market has stabilized. Obviously, our Diagnostics business has done -- continues to shine in light of that. But you'll got to break it down into pieces. You are right on the Reagent side, the Life Sciences, but we had some licensing comp, which pressured things. But excluding that, our core reagents were down only mid-single digits.  
 We did see a slower start to the year as customers delayed their finalizing their budgets and lab activity that continues to have some pockets of volatility. However, given the trends that we have seen now in March and so far here in April, we feel much more optimistic and have not changed our assumption for the full year and continue to expect core reagents to be up in the mid-single digits.  
 On the Diagnostic side of the business, yes, Newborn Screening was pressured in China. But outside of China, Newborn Screening actually grew in the double digits. Software business continued to be better than our expectations. So I think, all in all, you are right that there are quite a few moving pieces. But as you said, at a high level, the differentiation of our portfolio actually shines in markets like this where there is pressure some place else, something else picks it up. So overall, we feel pretty good about where we are. 
Michael Ryskin: Okay. That's helpful. And then the follow-up, I do want to drill in exactly into that, Life Science business, the reagents, pharma and biotech. I mean there's a lot of overlap between that, but it seems like that was an area that was a little bit weaker than you thought. And it sounds like it was a little bit weaker than what we've seen from some of your peers reporting. Your mix is a little bit different there. I mean BioLegend alone is a good chunk of that reagents business. But anything in particular you want to call out there?  
 You talked about the licensing comps. Could you provide some clarity on that? How that's going to phase as you go through the rest of the year? And just what gives you confidence that, that business can reaccelerate, pharma and biotech and reagents specifically? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes, Mike, I mean, I don't have too much further to add on to what Prahlad already mentioned. I guess if you were to break it down a little bit further, if you look at our performance of the reagent business between academic and government and pharma/biotech, academic and government still grew in the quarter for us from a reagent perspective, which is predominantly the BioLegend portfolio. I think when you look at pharma/biotech, it really goes back to some of Prahlad's comments around, it was just a slower overall start for the year. We have seen good progress through March and April, and we're confident in our full year outlook. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Sykes from Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Sykes: Prahlad, maybe big-picture question for you on capital allocation. If you kind of look back to over the past couple of years, the acquisitions that you've made that you're now integrating, given what you know now about the environment, both on the capital equipment and just pharma/biotech, is there anything you would have done differently in terms of those acquisitions in the [Technical Difficulty] business? Or do you feel like a better position -- the business position today is just a macro-related issue and that they should start outperforming going forward? 
Prahlad Singh: It's a good, great question, Matt. I mean, I think if you look at the acquisition that we did, majority of our acquisitions were in Life Sciences reagents related to biomolecules and large molecules and cell and gene therapy. And I think the longer-term trend that if you look in the marketplace, that is where a majority of the investment is going to go. As you pointed out, there are some headwinds in the market right now, but we are very confident in our strategy about the acquisitions that we have made. 
 Again, going back, what it has done is it has put us in a place where 80% of our revenue is coming on a recurring basis. Life Sciences, Software and even in the Diagnostics area where we play, we have a portfolio that we feel is very differentiated. And I think it is going to serve us well. 
Matthew Sykes: Got it. And then if I could just kind of understand a little bit better the dynamics behind the instruments. I know that in Life Sciences, a mid-teens decline might have been a little bit better than expectations. But could you just characterize instrument demand, whether it's in Life Sciences or Applied Genomics in terms of the stabilization that occurred during Q1? Or did things actually incrementally get worse in terms of demand? And what is your outlook for capital equipment demand and the impact on revenue over the course of the year, whether it's phasing of growth over the year or stabilization versus recovery? Just would love to kind of get your view on instrument capital equipment demand as we trend through '24. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Matt, so as we look at the instrumentation for the rest of the year, we are still basically assuming across both Applied Genomics business as well as our Life Science instrumentation business that it will be down mid- to high single digits for the full year. That was consistent with our previous outlook. I'd actually say for the first quarter, it was an improvement versus what we were anticipating heading into the period. So it was encouraging to see that uptick. And when you really look at the assumptions for the rest of the year, we aren't assuming a recovery in the market. It is kind of assuming a steady-state environment from what we are facing today. And that's, again, consistent with our assumptions we had 90 days ago. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly from Citi. 
Patrick Donnelly: Prahlad, I just want to follow up on Mike's question on the reagent piece. Can you just talk a little bit more about what you saw in the quarter, how things trended specifically on BioLegend, just what the growth was there? And then what the expectations are in 2Q? I know you called out the licensing headwind in 1Q. Just trying to get a sense for what this business could look like 2Q and going forward as we work our way through the year here? 
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Patrick. I mean, again, starting with, as I said earlier, right to Mike's question, we expect our core reagents business to be up mid-single digits for the year. And I think also, the trends that we saw in March and April make us optimistic to keep that profile. As I mentioned, we had licensing comps, which pressured this, excluding that, the reagents are down mid-single. I think the way I would take it is that some of the budget finalization that happened with our pharma/biotech customers, typically, they would happen in December. But I think that sort of bled into January and the release of the budgets happen a little later into the year than as it typically happens. 
 And I think that's where we saw some initial volatility. But again, March and April, it has come back to where we would have expected it to be. So hopefully, that gives you a bit of a flavor of how we relate that. 
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. And just maybe just the trend on how to think about it for 2Q and the year? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. For the second quarter, Patrick, we do expect the core reagents business to return to positive low single-digit growth in the second quarter. And then in order to get to the mid-single digits growth for the full year, you can do the math in the back half. 
Patrick Donnelly: Yes. Perfect. And then maybe just quickly on the biopharma conversation firming up in the last 2 months, to your point, Prahlad. Have you seen this before in the last 1.5 years? I'm just wondering if you're seeing some false starts where things sound good and then they tightened back up? Or is this one of the more encouraging signs you've seen over the past few quarters and you feel that visibility is improving? 
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Patrick. I think there is more solidity to the conversations, and I think that's more encouraging trend than what we have seen earlier. But as Max said earlier, I mean, they haven't yet converted into orders, so it's not clearly at a point where we can say there's an inflection. But I think the discussions are much more solid and much more prolonged. So that's probably a flavor around what the encouragement that we have on the order trend for the Life Sciences instrument side. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Cooper from Raymond James. 
Andrew Cooper: Maybe just first, you had a lot of news in terms of Software in the quarter. Maybe just high level, how big do you think that business can get over the next few years? And how much of that growth relies on sort of additional new rollouts versus what you've now launched out there in the market today in terms of getting to that long-term business? 
Prahlad Singh: That's a great question, Andrew. I think we are very positive on our Software Signals business. And as you pointed out, we had several launches in the year. And I think, as I've said earlier, the product launches that happened in our Software business are a direct correlation of the user group and voice of customer meetings that we have at least twice a year in different continents. So basically, it's direct output of what our customers asks are and that's why there is a solid trend related to it. The expansion that we had with Signal Clinicals, it takes us outside of the preclinical environment to support customers on the analytics and the data that is generated from clinical trials. 
 In addition, these are SaaS-only, so that gives a more longer-term certainty around the revenue. And we've seen good initial traction with that. Similarly on Signal Synergy, which was launched in mid-April, that connects the data back for our customers between the pharma and the CRO. Again, this is something that I've talked about earlier. There is always -- one of the biggest needs for our pharma customers is the unstructured form in which the data comes through. This product helps them transfer unstructured data, provide the analytics and visualization that our customers are looking for. So pretty promising launches, and I think they will continue to be -- launches that'll come through from our Signals portfolio simply because we are -- we have taken a modular approach as to how we bring our product profile into the customers. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. I think if you look at it long term, Andrew, I think we've already come out with the LRP growth assumptions for our Software business. It's high single digits to low-double-digits growth per year. It's what we are expecting here in 2024. And so depending on how long you're trying to model out, you can get to how big this business is, given that it's roughly a $200 million business for us today. 
Andrew Cooper: Fair enough. That's super helpful. Maybe just one kind of on some of the numbers here. You called out free cash flow normally weakest in the first quarter, but obviously, pretty strong here. There's some divestiture kind of inflows that are a little bit more onetime in terms of not repeating in '25 maybe, but should we think about higher each quarter for the rest of the year from here? And maybe on a normalized basis, is that same seasonality still what we should expect on a go-forward basis as well? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Look, I mean, from a cash flow perspective, there will always be some quarterly notes to some extent just given business activity. I think as you look at this year, though, the second and third quarter, I would anticipate to be probably lower than the fourth quarter, but we're still maintaining our overall expectation this year to be greater than $475 million of free cash flow conversion. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Waldman from Cleveland Research. 
Joshua Waldman: One for Max and one for Prahlad. First, Max, can you talk a bit more on the drivers to the op margins coming in better than expected? I mean, it sounds like it was supported by cost efforts and I assume organic upside. I'm curious, how much of the cost benefit was onetime in nature? And I guess what would you need to see to start to pull up your margin outlook either for the year or longer term? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So I think if you look back at what we had mentioned for the outlook for this year, we had mentioned that, from a margin profile perspective, our operating expenses for the full year were going to be very similar kind of quarter-over-quarter off of our Q4 exit, and that's kind of what you saw here in the first quarter. And again, that's just a function of us taking permanent cost reduction actions to offset the variable expenses that we knew would be coming back this year. And so I don't think that outlook has changed where the upside was in the first quarter was really more on the gross margin side. 
 Again, as you look at the seasonality or I guess, the phasing over the rest of this year, the gross margin rate will uptick as we go throughout the year based on volume, which is what gets you to that then 28% operating margin for the full year. 
 And I think when you look at in terms of what could push us above the 28% for the full year, it's going to be a combination of just better volume or on the gross margin line, again, as our operating expenses will be relatively flat over the course of the year. 
Joshua Waldman: Got it. Okay. And then, Prahlad, a couple on China. Within the Life Science segment, curious, any trends you've seen, positive or negative, on the reagent side as the quarter played out and then here into April? And then within instrument, curious, have you seen any sign of stimulus showing up in the funnel or customer activity? 
 And then I guess, lastly, on the Diagnostics side, curious if there's any change in how you're thinking about China Dx for the year? And within that, any change to what you're seeing from a pricing dynamics, anything like VBP or local competition showing up? Or is pricing in China has been fairly stable? 
Prahlad Singh: I'll try to remember all 4 or 5 of the questions that you've got in there, Josh. I think the reagent side pretty much played out on the Life Sciences side as we had expected. And to your second question around the stimulus, as some of our peers have mentioned, there has been talk and discussion about it, but that's not something that we are banking or assuming in any of our assumptions so far. 
 On the Diagnostic side of the business, as we've pointed out earlier, we are going to continue to have some volatility related to VBP. And the price declines that we have laid out, that is assumed in our LRP. On the Reproductive Health side, as we mentioned, that birth rates declined more than 20% in the latter half of 2023. 
 So we do expect that softness to continue through 2Q, but as most of you know, we expect that to change in the second half of the year given that it's the year of the dragon in which we have traditionally seen a noticeable increase in the number of babies born, which run through the first quarter of next year. And to some extent, we have already started seeing some signs of this occurring from our prenatal business in China. So there is an indication that the birth rate trend in China is going to improve a bit in the second half of the year. I think I got most of them. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. And maybe just one other piece to add just, I guess, from an overall numbers perspective, our outlook on China for the full year has not changed. Again, the first quarter was mostly in line with our expectations. And for the full year, we are assuming China to be roughly flat for the full year. So there's no change to that assumption. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Wolfe Research. 
Douglas Schenkel: Just a couple of quick cleanup questions on guidance. I just want to make sure we understand all the moving parts. So just starting on revenue, you reiterated full year organic revenue guidance and Q2 was guided about as expected. Yet you acknowledge biotech and pharma demand has yet to rebound as maybe hoped. So I think that's a relative bad guy. What's the good guy specifically? What's getting better than what you expected relative to where we started the year? 
 And then turning to margins, coming into the year, you had guided Q2 and Q3 operating margin to be about in line with the full year guidance target. I think you actually said Q2 might be even a little bit below that. Just doing the math there, I think it implies Q4 operating margin will be in the low 30s, I get to 31%. Is that math right? And if so, can you just help us with what makes you confident in that type of ramp given we're starting at 25.5% coming out of Q1? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So I'll work backwards to your questions there, so maybe starting on the margin one. I mentioned it to Josh's question earlier, but really, the margin story or assumptions we had coming to you are unchanged. Operating expenses are going to be flat. And as we move throughout the year, it is just a volume dynamic moving up our gross margin percentage. In terms of the quarterly phasing that you had mentioned, yes, that's probably about right if you do modestly lower second and third quarter operating margins that would imply a fourth quarter, that's around 30.5%, 31% OM. And again, that's kind of consistent with our business practice and our business seasonality as the volume steps up sequentially as we go throughout the year. 
 I think when you look at it on an organic growth perspective, I think, to maybe use your own words, yes, we were -- everyone was hoping that margins had recovered -- the markets have recovered more strongly here in the first quarter, but that's not what our guidance had assumed. Our guidance had actually assumed that it was a relatively stable -- consistent outlook for what we saw in the fourth quarter, which is what played out here in the first quarter, and we expect to play out for the rest of the year. So I don't know that it necessarily got worse in terms of what our guidance assumptions were. 
Douglas Schenkel: Okay. That's super helpful. And one, I think somewhat related follow-up. Applied genomics, I think that accounts for roughly 1/4 of Diagnostics. Hopefully, I'm not too far off there. That was down, I think, mid-20s in the quarter. If it weren't for that headwind, I think that means Diagnostics would have grown 5%, 6% mathematically. As we kind of think about things getting better as the year progresses, my guess is that's a big part of the math that makes you feel better about an acceleration in the second half in that business, essentially just annualizing some of the headwinds that you're fighting through right now specific to Applied Genomics, is that right? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: That's exactly right. And I would say as we get going throughout the rest of the year for Applied Genomics, it will improve from the first quarter. The fourth quarter will be its worst performance from an overall organic growth perspective. But when you look at multi-year stacks, although it's still improving in a discrete organic growth for the second through fourth quarters, the multiyear stack, we are actually assuming a little bit slower than the multiyear stack we had in the first quarter, which gives us confidence in terms of the rebound for that business for the rest of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore. 
Vijay Kumar: Prahlad, just on the second quarter, I think you mentioned organic is down low singles. And I think reagent are expected to be up. So what drives that low singles, right? If reagents improved sequentially, is there some timing of VBP impact? Like when is VBP supposed to hit? Did we see any impact in Q1? 
Prahlad Singh: Vijay, I think on the VBP question, what we've said, we've assumed mid-single-digit price declines on an annual basis, and that's what we continue to see. So it's not a sudden swing that we are seeing, but we're just seeing a leak on the pricing. And that's what we've assumed and what we've shared earlier. I think if the Life Sciences reagent are going to improve sequentially from the Q1 to Q2, the instrument side of the business is still pressured. And I think that's what's assumed in our low-single-digit guidance and hopefully, it will be better. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. I think maybe just to add more specifics to it, Vijay, in terms of what's changed in Q1 to Q2. To your point, reagents will get a little bit better as well Applied Genomics per my response to Doug. Really, what we're not assuming repeats in the second quarter, I think, is the robust growth we saw in both the Newborn business and Immunodiagnostics outside of China, they both continue to grow low double digits, mid-teens, respectively. And so I think we're just being a little bit more conservative in the assumptions for those in the second quarter. 
Vijay Kumar: Understood. And then a follow-up to that, Max, on China, down mid-singles in Q1 -- sorry, did we see that 500 basis points of pricing pressure in Q1? Or is that something that's supposed to come in the back half? And I think your guidance for China is up low singles for the year. So what drives that back half? Is that just a comp issue or perhaps timing of VBP? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: No. I mean I don't think there's discrete quarterly timing around the pricing there, Vijay. It's kind of a consistent pricing headwinds that we face over the course of the year. So I don't think there's anything specifically there to call from a corporate perspective. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jack Meehan from Nephron Research. 
Jack Meehan: I wanted to ask about pharma and biotech maybe through a different lens. I know you're not seeing improvement in orders at this point, but is there any commentary you can share across the different businesses? I'm curious if some of the more production-oriented businesses like a surprising discovery or SIRION are doing better than the lab-oriented areas? 
Prahlad Singh: I think I would say that we see maybe from a general commentary perspective, the pressure is still more on the higher-ticket items around the single cell imaging and analysis, but probably not as much on the lower-ticket item. So again, it continues to be a CapEx story around instrumentation, and I think that's where the pressure was assumed and that continues to be there. 
Jack Meehan: Okay. Got it. And then on -- I was just curious, operationally with Spotfire, I know there was some disruption that was caused back in March. How are things going there? I know it's a small business, but just -- how's the customer impact? How is that going? 
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mean, Jack, as you know, and as we have reported, we quickly got an injunction -- received an injunction, which essentially maintains the previous status quo as the litigation plays out. And to your point, any initial customer inquiries and questions have died down significantly. And at the end of the day, we still have an agreement in place into the next decades with renewals beyond that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Catherine Schulte from Baird. 
Catherine Ramsey: Maybe just one more on pharma. Last week, Roche mentioned that it had removed about 20% of the molecules in its pipeline over the last 3 quarters. And that doesn't seem like a dynamic that's been weak to them. So I guess, where do you think we are in this pipeline reprioritization across large pharma? And when do you think the dust settles there? 
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Catherine, I think the pipeline realignment is happening, and it will continue to happen. I mean from our perspective, just as we look at preclinical research and discovery, both on the small molecules and on the biomolecule side, and as I've pointed out, the funnel has to be broad enough at the beginning for it to narrow down. I think as they realign their portfolio, they will continue to optimize cost measures as they go further into development from preclinical research and into clinical. But in order to get into development and clinical, they have to have a broad enough funnel. 
 So I think mid- to longer term, we don't see that having much of an impact on our business. I think the key will be how do we continue to help our pharma/biotech customers continue to optimize and make it more efficient for them to bring candidates from discovery into development. 
Catherine Ramsey: Okay. And then could you just talk through your expectations for pharma and biotech for the second quarter? And when do you think we could see a return to growth in that end market? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes, as a reminder, too, we don't necessarily give outlooks on an end-market basis. And so, look, I think as you can hear from our executives that assuming a general change in the overall end market for pharma/biotech as we go throughout the course of this year. So that's probably the best insight I can give you on that question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Brennan from TD Cowen. 
Daniel Brennan: Maybe just on Immunodiagnostics, solid first quarter, again, comps do get more difficult as we go through the year. Can you just walk us through maybe the Q2 expectation and the outlook for the second half? And anything we should be considering, anything notable whether new products or pricing that support the outlook? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. I think as you -- as we look at the outlook for IDX, to your point, it was another strong first quarter here. We continue to expect the business to continue to perform well, even both in China for the rest of the year as well as outside of China. And so our expectation is that for the business for the full year, it's still going to grow in the high single digits. It's multiyear stack, they're still in line with our LRP. And it's really a combination of both the geographic expansion of our Immunodiagnostics portfolio, but then also the wave of innovation and menu expansion that we've been driving for the past couple of years. 
Prahlad Singh: And just to add to what Max said, U.S. continues to also be a very good growth driver for us for the Immunodiagnostics business. I know we tend to talk about China, but U.S. for us is probably the fastest grower for our Immunodiagnostics business. 
Daniel Brennan: Got it. And then maybe just one on costs. You had a lot of comments in the prepared remarks on new programs, it sounded like, or maybe some emerging programs to take costs out, talked about stranded costs. Can you just elaborate a little bit? Like it sounds like maybe those impacts are going to come after '24? Maybe we'll learn more at the Investor Day, but just kind of any impact in '24 baked in from some of these additional focus on costs? And if not, kind of how do we think about the magnitude of upside beyond? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes, it's a great question. So I would say from a cost perspective and really our operating margin initiatives, there is the short term and the long-term bucket. I think when we've talked about short term really for 2024, it's the structural actions we've been taking to remove the stranded costs really in relation to our SG&A functions. And so that has worked, has already mostly been done in the fourth and first quarter here. It's baked into our assumption for the full year. I think then when you look at it long term, it's a lot of the topics that we had mentioned in our prepared remarks this morning, really around in-sourcing, freight lane optimization, vendor consolidation, rooftop consolidation. And so those will continue to be areas that we're focused on executing over the next couple of years. It's part of our playbook for our LRP operating margin expansion. And so that's really probably the way I would think about those 2 different cost actions. 
Operator: And our final question comes from Luke Sergott from Barclays. 
Luke Sergott: Great. I just want to follow-up, Prahlad, on what you just talked about from the U.S. and IDX being the fastest grower. I mean, this has kind of been the long-term thesis here on EUROIMMUN in general. And so can you just talk about what's driving the accelerated growth here? How big the U.S. is now as a region for EUROIMMUN? And do you guys think that you are close to the critical mass when thinking about the menu or the menu expansion needs to really start to drive share gain here? 
Prahlad Singh: I think if you look at our Immunodiagnostics business in the U.S., it has grown at a 20% CAGR since the acquisition. And I don't think we have really gone to where we would say that we have reached close to critical mass so that it would plateau out. It's gone from being 5% to nearly 15% of our overall Immunodiagnostics business. But there is still a lot of growth that we have to cover in the U.S. And I would say that we are still in the early phases of growth that this business is going to see over the next several years in the U.S.
 And it is all a direct correlation of how many products that we can get onto the panel and get through the FDA approval process into the U.S., and the team is working very hard and diligently on that. 
Luke Sergott: All right. Great. And then just another follow-up here on the Diagnostics side from -- you guys came out with the automated tuberculosis testing. Can you talk about any recent tenders that you've won, any that are coming up throughout the rest of this year? And then I guess, how does the new automated system compared to the quantiferon and the liaison? 
Prahlad Singh: It's a great question, Luke. Again, we don't talk on specific tenders, but I'm happy to talk about the launch that we just did and announced at any -- it was even at a current show that's going on. There's a complete workflow that has a specialized liquid handler added to it. It builds on the T-SPOT Select, which has added now chemagic extraction and cell counting ability. So I think the workflow that this product uses, the benefit is that it uses all our other offerings, too, including silica cell counting, the EUROIMMUN reader, which will eventually connect it also the EuroLabs software in the future. It essentially reduces our hands-on time by 50% versus the current existing T-SPOT Select. And it has a reduction of approximately 80% in technician touch points. So this was one of the major hurdles that T-SPOT Select was facing in the market in terms of hands-on and technician time, and the intent really is to significantly eliminate that. And now if you combine for day 1 and day 2, it essentially has lesser total hands-on time versus the competitor's product offering that you talked about. 
Operator: We currently have no further questions. I will hand back to Steve Willoughby for final remarks. 
Stephen Willoughby: Thank you, Carla. Thanks, everyone, for your time this morning. We look forward to touching base with everyone over the coming weeks. Have a good day. 
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to todays Revvity Inc. Q4 2023 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Delly Ill be the moderator for todays call. [Operator Instructions] Id now like to pass conference over to your host today, Steve Willoughby, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Willoughby: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Revvitys Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. On the call with me today are Prahlad Singh, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Max Krakowiak, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the safe harbor statements that we have outlined in our press release issued earlier this morning and also those in our SEC filings. Statements or comments made on this call may be forward-looking statements, which may include, but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the companys plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The companys actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of todays statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. Ill now turn it over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Prahlad Singh. Prahlad?
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. As we highlighted in our pre-announcement a few weeks ago, while industry had been continued throughout the end of the year, we were able to perform slightly better than we had anticipated and finish the fourth quarter with a 3% decline in non-COVID organic revenue. While Max will provide more details on the quarter in a bit, I would say that our stronger than anticipated results were broad-based as both our Life Sciences and Diagnostic segments performed better than expected. I would also highlight that our performance was well-balanced geographically as each major region performed in line to slightly above what we had assumed. We also did a good job continuing to tightly control our expenses in light of the challenging environment that persisted through year end, and along with some favorable one-time tax benefits, helped deliver additional EPS upside in the fourth quarter. We also had a very strong cash flow in the quarter with nearly $200 million of free cash flow while continuing to execute on our capital deployment initiatives. For the full year 2023, we generated 2% non-COVID organic growth. While not what we hoped for at the start of the year, I think you will see that our performance was differentiated versus the broader industry and likely will be near the high end of the peer set for the year once the dust fully settles. We expect this differentiated financial performance to continue going forward. As demonstrated in the new financial framework, we recently provided for our expected performance over the coming years. As part of this new long range outlook, we now expect revenues, organic revenue growth to be 200 basis points above the broader industry, regardless of the macroenvironment. In a normal year, we would expect this to result in 6% to 8% organic growth and 75 basis points of operating margin expansion annually. In the post-COVID world we all now operate in; we anticipate this level of growth will result in performance that continues to be at the high end of our industry overall. As we highlighted during a recent investor conference, we expect approximately 60% of our business that is comprised of immunodiagnostics, Life Sciences reagents, and our signal software business to grow in the 9% to 11% range over the coming years, generating mid-single digit growth on their own for the total company. Given the stronger profitability of these segments, as they continue to grow faster than the remainder of the business, we expect it to result in natural margin expansion as they become an increasingly larger piece of the overall company over time. Revvity is extremely well positioned to capitalize on some of the most exciting areas of pharmaceutical research and development, such as cell and gene therapy, multi-omics, and precision medicine. We are also involved in some of the most durable, higher growth areas within clinical Diagnostics such as autoimmunity, tuberculosis, and other emerging infectious diseases. With what our company has become over the last several years and where we are planning on going in the future, I think you will see that Revvity will continue to stand out as a very unique company. We have a differentiated approach with our customers, our competitive and novel product portfolio with continuous innovation and a unique position within the attractive Life Sciences and Diagnostic categories in which we compete. A good example of this in the fourth quarter was the launch of our EONIS-Q system in our newborn screening business. The EONIS-Q system is a first of its kind workflow which streamlines molecular testing for both spinal muscular atrophy and SCID in newborns. It is a new and complete CE-IVD solution which consists of a new PEP-CR equipment with dedicated software and a specialized diagnostic SCID. With no wash steps being needed in the new workflow, it results in a significantly faster turnaround time and less hands-on involvement from samples to answer than existing methods. This allows for lower operating costs and greater sustainability as fewer consumables and plastic ware are required. The introduction of this innovative solution is also perfectly timed from a commercial perspective. As the European Alliance for Newborn Screening and Spinal Muscular Atrophy mandates that by 2025, all newborns in Europe should be screened for SMA going forward. A new EONIS-Q system is just one example of how we are continuing to bring cutting edge and innovative solutions to market from across the company, benefiting both our customers and ultimately the patients they serve. We have also been making good progress on our operational initiatives. A good example of this is the launch of our new E-Commerce platform, which went live in the US in mid-December, approximately five to six months earlier than we anticipated. The platform's integrated design was built specifically for the needs of what our business has become. It is expected to be extremely consumer friendly, while also over time delivering both revenue and operating synergies. We expect this new system to go live outside the US in early 2Q. Another thing I'm extremely proud to see is the strong collaboration that is occurring amongst our teams across the company. A great example of this was how last year we had a sole source antibody supplier for one of our Diagnostics assays begin to have quality inconsistencies in their batches. Through the rapid collaboration amongst scientists from Euroimmun, BioLegend and Horizon, within nine weeks we had developed our own replacement antibody, validated it and were able to manufacture it in sufficient scale for commercial use. The ability and agility would never have been possible in the company of the past and I'm not sure it would be possible at most companies today other than Revvity. As we look ahead to this year, we expect the ongoing headwinds from our pharma and biotech customers to continue, particularly in the first half of the year as they still are working through the impact from their elevated spending levels during the COVID years. We are assuming this pressure will begin to stabilize in the back half of the year when we anticipate returning to growth for the company overall. In light of the dynamic end market challenges continuing into 2024, as well as the return of some of the variable costs that we reduced in 2023, we have recently implemented additional structural cost actions to protect our strong profitability through this temporary period. We anticipate these actions will allow for operating margins to remain approximately flat year-over-year at 28% this year despite the low single digit organic growth we expect to repeat into 2024. We expect this to result in our 2024 adjusted EPS to be in the range of $4.55 to $4.75. With our significant number of acquisitions over the past several years, coupled with the large divestiture we completed in early 2023, we still have many areas to further optimize in order to reach our full potential as a company. The significant actions we took in 2023, combined with the additional measures being implemented as we begin 2024, has put us on a good trajectory to further streamline and adjust our operations for the business we have now become. It also strongly positions us to capitalize on the leverage potential that exists in our company once industry growth normalizes. Overall, when looking back on 2023, I'd say it certainly ended up playing out quite differently than we had anticipated when sitting here a year ago. However, I'm so proud of the transformation that we have undergone over the past few years, which we ultimately completed last year. While we are continuing to face external challenges, I'm extremely grateful for what Revvity has become and the significant efforts of so many who have made it come to fruition. Without everyone's efforts and the rebirth of the company, our differentiated performance in 2023 would not have been possible. We remain confident that we will emerge from this temporary period of industry headwinds as a unique and stronger company that remains well positioned to help expand the boundaries of human potential through science. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Max.
Max Krakowiak : Thanks, Prahlad, and good morning, everyone. The company demonstrated its perseverance in the fourth quarter during a period in which underlying industry demand continued to remain dynamic. I am proud of our team's performance despite these challenges continuing through yearend, allowing our results to exceed our expectations for the quarter. As I'll comment on more in a bit, we are now assuming the current market environment remains largely in place through at least the first half of this year, which will continue to put pressure on our results and cause our full year expectations to look fairly similar to what we achieved in 2023. However, we would expect our performance to be somewhat of the inverse of what we saw last year with the first half of 2024 remaining challenge and facing organic revenue declines before returning to growth in the second half. While we work through this dynamic period, we have continued to remain extremely focused on those items and actions that are more fully within our control. We progressively tightened our expense management efforts throughout last year, and as previously mentioned, we have already implemented significant additional structural cost measures so far this year, which we anticipate will allow our operating margins to remain flat at 28% this year, despite our low single digit growth outlook paving the way for greater operating leverage in the future when growth normalizes. We also made good progress with our balance sheet and cash flow in 2023. In the fourth quarter, we generated $196 million of free cash flow as we made meaningful progress on collections and inventory management. Excluding the divestiture related outflows we incurred during the year, much of which will be coming back to us in 2024, we generated over $400 million of free cash flow in 2023 overall. Given the amount of change that has occurred at the company over the past year, I view this as very strong performance and we are well positioned to continue executing on our capital deployment initiatives this year. Now moving to our specific fourth quarter and full year results. Overall, the company generated total adjusted revenues of $696 million in the quarter resulting in a 3% decline in non-COVID organic revenue which was above the high end of our guidance. The outperformance was fairly broad based as both our Life Sciences and our Diagnostic segments performed slightly above our expectations for the quarter. FX was a 1% tailwind and we again had no incremental contribution from acquisitions. For the full year, we generated $2.75 billion of total adjusted revenue which was comprised of 2% non-COVID organic growth, no impact from FX or M&A and a modest $3 million contribution early in the year from COVID. As it relates to our P&L, we generated 27.5% adjusted operating margins in the quarter, which were in line with our expectations. For the full year, our op margins were 28%, which represented approximately 100 basis points of expansion excluding the removal of COVID related revenues. We incurred a favorable pricing impact of approximately 130 basis points in the quarter, which brought the full year impact from pricing to approximately 150 basis points. We continue to expect at least 100 basis points of favorable pricing annually going forward. Looking below the line, we had adjusted net interest in other expense of $16 million, which was largely in line with our expectations. For the full year, our adjusted net interest in other expense was $58 million. Our adjusted tax rate was 12% in the quarter, which was favorable by a few 100 basis points to our expectations due to a couple of one-time tax items. These favorable discrete tax items contributed approximately $0.05 to our EPS in the quarter. For the full year, our adjusted tax rate was 18.6%, but would have been approximately 20% and in line with our expectations excluding the favorability we incurred here in the fourth quarter, which we do not expect to repeat in the future. We averaged 123.4 million shares outstanding in the quarter and 124.8 million for the full year. This all led to adjusted EPS in the fourth quarter of $1.25, which was $0.09 above the midpoint and $0.07 above the high end of our expectations. Our full year 2023 adjusted EPS was $4.65. Moving beyond the P&L, as I mentioned, we generated free cash of $196 million in the quarter, while on a full year basis, our free cash flow was $198 million, which includes a headwind of slightly over $200 million from one-time divestiture and rebranding related activities. Also, as I previously mentioned, we expect a large portion of these outflows to reverse in 2024 and positively impact our investing cash flows when they come back to us. As for capital deployment, we continue to remain active in the fourth quarter. We purchased an additional $400 million of U.S. Treasuries with maturity aligned to the remainder of the $800 million bond we have coming due in September. We now have over $700 million of Treasuries on our balance sheet, which will mature shortly before our bond comes due this September that we will use to extinguish this debt. We finished the quarter with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio of 2.8x. I will now provide some commentary on our fourth quarter and full year business trends, which is also included in the quarterly slide presentation on our investor relations website. The 3% decline in non-COVID organic revenue in the quarter was comprised of a 9% decline in our Life Sciences segment and 3% growth in Diagnostics. Geographically, we declined in the high single digits in the Americas, declined in the low single digits in Europe, and grew low single digits in Asia with China flat overall. For the full year, we achieved 2% non-COVID organic growth with 5% growth in Diagnostics and flat performance in Life Sciences. The Americas declined low single digits, Europe grew mid-single digits, and both Asia and China grew mid-single digits for the full year. Within China in the quarter, we experienced mid-single digit growth in Diagnostics with high single digit growth in immunodiagnostics offset by a high single digit decline in Life Sciences. For the full year, China grew in the mid-single digits organically with high single digit growth in Diagnostics overall, low double digit growth in immunodiagnostics, and mid-single digit growth in Life Sciences. From a segment perspective, our Life Sciences business generated total adjusted revenue of $320 million in the quarter. This was down 8% on a reported basis and 9% on an organic basis. For the full year, our Life Sciences business was flat organically. From a customer perspective, sales into pharma biotech customers declined in the mid-teens in the quarter, and in the mid-single digits for the year, which was offset by high single digit growth from academic and government customers in the quarter, and mid-teens growth for the year. Our Life Sciences instrument revenue represented about 30% of total Life Sciences revenue in 2023 and was down high teens in the quarter and down in the mid-single digits for the year. Our reagent, licensing, and specialty pharma services revenue represented about 57% of Life Sciences revenue in 2023 and grew low single digits in the quarter and in the mid-single digits for the year. Finally, our signal software business, which represented the remaining 13% of Life Sciences revenue in 2023, declined double digits in the quarter and in the high single digits for the year. The decline in both the quarter and the full year was in line with expectations and was driven by fewer multiyear contracts renewing, which we anticipate to normalize in 2024. In our Diagnostics segment, we generated $376 million of total adjusted revenue in the quarter, which was down 4% on a reported basis and 6% on an organic basis. On a non-COVID basis, the segment grew 3% versus a year ago in the quarter and 5% for the year. Our immunodiagnostics business represented about 50% of our total Diagnostics revenue in 2023 and grew in the mid-teens organically excluding COVID during both the quarter and the full year. Our immunodiagnostics business was strong globally as it continued to grow in the high teens outside of China both in the quarter and the full year. Our reproductive health business, which represented about 34% of total Diagnostics revenue in 2023, declined in the low single digits organically in the quarter and the full year. This business was again pressured by a significant mid-20% decline in our Revvity Omics lab business in the quarter and nearly 35% decline for the full year. As we transitioned to 2024, we will have now lapped the contract completions which pressured growth last year and do not anticipate such major year-over-year declines to continue. These pressures were partially offset by strong performance in 2023 from our newborn franchise, which grew in the high single digits overall for the year. Finally, our applied genomics business, which represented the remaining roughly 16% of total Diagnostics revenue in 2023, continued to see pressure from the slowdown in pharma biotech spending and the hangover effect from elevated clinical lab COVID spending. Non-COVID organic revenue for our applied genomics business was down in the mid-teens during the quarter and was down in the high single digits for the full year. Now as it pertains to our outlook for 2024, we expect current industry headwinds to remain over at least the next couple of quarters before we begin to face easier comparisons as the year progresses. Our initial guidance for organic growth is similar to what we experienced in 2023 in the 1% to 3% range. From a quarterly pacing perspective, we expect revenue in the first quarter to be down mid-single digits with a sequential improvement in the second quarter, resulting in the first half still being down year-over-year overall. We expect to return to positive growth starting in the third quarter this year. We also expect FX to contribute approximately 1% to total revenue based on the rates at the end of December. Moving down the P&L, we expect to hold our operating margin flat at 28% as our recent structural cost actions will help offset both some variable cost returning and the lower than normal organic growth we expect for this year. We expect total revenue in the first quarter to be the lowest of the year, which when combined with the only partial quarter impact from our recent cost actions, we expect the results in our operating margins being several hundred basis points below our full year guidance here in the first quarter. We currently expect our margins to be fairly similar to each other in the second and third quarters at around our overall full year average, with the fourth quarter being the strongest quarter of the year. We expect adjusted net interest and other expense in 2024 to be approximately $70 million, representing a 20% increase versus last year. This increase is attributed to less interest income on lower cash balances as we pay off $1.3 billion in debt in 2023 and 2024. We expect our tax rate to be 20% and our average share count to be $123.5 million, similar to what it was in the fourth quarter. This all results in our initial 2024 adjusted EPS guidance to be in the range of $4.55 to $4.75, with the midpoint being flat to what we generated in 2023. We expect approximately 20% of our full year earnings to come here in the first quarter, as our tax rate will be about 200 basis points above our full year average, and net interest expense will be down about $5 million sequentially from the fourth quarter before increasing over the remainder of the year. As we enter 2024, we will ensure we closely manage those items that are fully within our control, such as delivering on our innovation pipelines, reducing our working capital, and remaining active with capital deployment while continuing to take appropriate actions to further streamline and optimize the company following its transformation. When current industry headwinds subside, Revvity will be in an even stronger position to capitalize on this recovery, continue to highlight our differentiation, and realize the full potential of what we have become. With that, Operator, we would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Jack Meehan from Nephron Research.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. Prahlad, I wanted to just start and get your thoughts on how you're feeling about visibility in the business now. The macro is still pretty volatile. It would be great to hear what you're hearing from customers and the things that build your confidence this 2024 outlook is in the right spot.
Prahlad Singh: Good morning, Jack. 23 certainly did not play out as we or others had envisioned it. But I think it was good to see that in the fourth quarter, while the environment remained challenging, for the first time in 23, it did not deteriorate more than what we had anticipated. I mean Id say as we look forward into 24, including here in the first quarter, we are not anticipating any sort of meaningful or significant improvement. But I would say rather more of a continuation of current trends. So things do start to pick up. I would say that, I would expect that to provide more upside to the current outlook. So, somewhat where we are is more of a temporary holding pattern before demands comes back. But I'm optimistic that, we are perhaps what we are experiencing currently is more of a drove. As far as we go, I think, one of the things that do help us is the portfolio transformation journey that we have gone through. If you look at our portfolio now, we have more Diagnostic than our peers, we've got less of a capital intensive business now than our peers, we've got a meaningful software business. And this differentiation allows us to have the confidence that we are in a pretty decent spot.
Jack Meehan: Great. And then follow up for Max, just as you, I appreciate the color on the pacing you provided, if you look at sales, so core down mid-single in the first quarter, just to get to the ramp you're talking about, just wanted to confirm, are you kind of assuming this is just comp dynamics or is there anything else like noteworthy you're assuming in terms of the assumptions behind that? Thanks.
Max Krakowiak : Yes, hey, Jack. So comp is definitely driving the majority of it. So we mentioned a little bit in the prepared remarks as you pointed out that we'd be down mid-single digits for Q1, a slight improvement in Q2 but still negative with the return of growth in the third quarter. I wouldn't say that we are expecting material change in the market environment in second half. There's always a little bit of quarterly noise, but it's mostly comp driven. And another way to think about it is if you look at our two year stack between the first half and second half, both are at a low single digit with those sorts of annual cadence that I previously mentioned.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Matthew Sykes from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Sykes: Thanks for taking my questions. Good morning. Maybe a Prahlad, wanted to start for you. As you look at the Life Sciences segment and the number of acquisitions you've made in that business, how do you feel the synergies are playing out in terms of covering the needs of researchers in both academic and biopharma? Are there portions of workflow and spend where you see gaps in your offering? And do you think you might lose the customer touch points along the way because of those gaps? Do you think you're capturing the customers through the majority of their early R&D workflow? And if there are gaps, is that an organic solution, inorganic solution? Just would love to get your thoughts on that.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, good morning, Matt. Great question. I think the whole journey that we have gone through on our portfolio transformation was indeed to fill the gaps that we had in our portfolio. And if you recall two years ago, it was primarily a small molecule portfolio in preclinical research and differentiation -- preclinical research and development. I mean, the whole concept of what we went through our acquisition journey was to fill the gaps in our portfolio around large molecules, biomolecules, cell and gene therapy. And I think, the synergies that we have started seeing from the Horizon, Sirion, Biolegend and Nexcelom acquisition is on the biomolecule side of the table. So I think we feel very good where we are. And if you add the software component that allows us more differentiation, we feel very good with the portfolio that we have. Will the other additions that we will continue to make? Absolutely. But I think we feel very good with the portfolio that we have built.
Matthew Sykes: Great. Thanks for that. And then Max, just on phasing for Diagnostics specifically, how are you thinking about as we progress through the year in terms of Diagnostics growth and recovery, there are some different types of comps that business has relative to maybe Life Sciences. And then specifically on China, ImmunoDX, how are you thinking about that phasing of growth within your 2024 guidance framework? Thanks.
Max Krakowiak : Yes. Hey, Matt. So, I would say from the Diagnostic ramps perspective, the first half will be, I think, roughly flat from a Diagnostics standpoint. So if you remember, we have the big, the continued headwinds we'll have in applied genomics throughout the year as we still are going through the additional COVID purchases and the Life Sciences weakness. And so it'll be about, flattish for the first half and then second half, we're anticipating a return to mid-single digit growth for the Diagnostics business. In terms of your question on Immunodiagnostics China, our assumption there for the full year is mid-single digit growth. However, if you exclude the impact of a change and go-to-market strategy we had for one of our legacy infectious disease businesses in China, the growth there is still similar to what it was in 2023 in terms of the high single to low double digit range. And the reason why we made that change in the legacy business was actually to improve the profitability of us overall, though we'll come with a little bit of heck from a revenue perspective.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Joshua Waldman from Cleveland Research.
Joshua Waldman: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. Two for you. First, either for Prahlad or Max. Wondered, if you could provide more context on what you're seeing in the Life Sciences instrument business. I guess the instrument business broadly both life science and applied genomics. I mean it looks like both of those came in a bit better than you were thinking when you guided Q4. Curious if maybe you didn't see quite the pullback from pharma you were expecting or maybe did you see some budget flushing in December come through. And then what's assumed for those businesses in 24?
Max Krakowiak : Yes, hey, Josh. So I would say if you look at the fourth quarter results, to your point instrumentation on both the Life Sciences and applied genomics standpoint, they're a bit better than our expectations. I think coming into the quarter, we had mention that we were wanting to be a little bit more conservative on our instrumentation assumptions. And so those did prove out to be conservative and they were slightly better. Although, I would -- we would have really call it there was a budget flush activity in the fourth quarter. So as we look out to 2024, we do still believe our instruments will be pressured for this year. And I think if you look at the overall assumptions, both the Life Sciences instruments and applied genomics will be down in the high single digit range for 2024. And that'll put them closer in line to what their LRP is when you look over -- at that over a four or five year period.
Joshua Waldman: Got it. Okay. And then Prahlad, can you talk about any momentum you're seeing in key accounts as it relates to Revvitys ability to cross-sell or realize commercial synergies following the divesture and rebranding? I guess are there any specific examples you can point to of how Revvity is making progress towards being a more effective strategic partner specifically within pharma?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Josh, I think and I mentioned that during one of the healthcare conferences earlier in January our example with one of our most important customers that we talked about in the pharma side is how we are able to leverage our relationship both in the Diagnostic and the Life Sciences side of the portfolio to not only license technology to them, but also provide the tools and capabilities and our service offering from the DX side that allows for being part of the journey of drug development for our important customers all the way from preclinical research and licensing them the technology, providing them the tools and capabilities that allows them to use and leverage that technology towards drug development and then being part of the journey with them through their development process as they take it through the regulatory approval processes and then further on leveraging our global lab infrastructure from the Omic side of the business to be able to follow up those patients both for efficacy of the drug and for follow ups. So that sort of allows us initially when we were on the small molecule side in Life Sciences, our focus was on providing them the reagents and tools and instruments and pre in vivo imaging components to just do their research. Now, with the full expansion of our portfolio, it allows us to be with them from the start to when it gets to commercialization.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly from Citi.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Probably one for Max on the margin side. Understand this year more flattish given the revenue outlook. It sounds like you guys are continuing to implement some cross plan there. Can you just talk about the confidence in that 75 bps expansion algorithm that you guys talked about at JPM and just this becoming that 30-plus percent margin business in the relative near term? What are the key levers you see? And maybe just the process that went into revisiting that algorithm. Did you guys want to set it more as a floor where you saw a clear path to executing on it? Even the China piece sounds like you're chasing more profitability there. So maybe just kind of pull the current back a little on the margins and again that algorithm you guys set.
Max Krakowiak : Yes, sure. Hey, Patrick. So as we step back and look at it from a margin perspective, I think that 75 basis points, it was taken down from the previous MRP of 75 to 100 basis points. And that was mostly just attributed, I think, to the change in the top line assumptions. If you look at the assumption of the market on average is growing four to six were a couple hundred basis points better than that. That's going to drive natural operating leverage just from a pure growth perspective and so even in addition to that I think where we have confidence in sort of the margin expansion is really still the fact that we're still in the early innings of what the actual overall structure of this company should be given all the transformation, right? In terms of the number of acquisitions and integrating them into our core business and processes as well as sort of working our way through all the standard costs related to the divestiture. So I think we have a lot of spokes irons in the fire from an op margin expansion standpoint outside of just the natural volume leverage you would get. I think there is a high degree of confidence and in terms of your question in terms of the amount of conservative or whether it's a floor. I think we thought it was a fair number that we can consistently deliver on with that expected growth algorithm.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay, that's helpful and Prahlad, maybe just on China, something you guys talked a little about the ImmunoDX on an earlier question but just in terms of this year what you're seeing their confidence both on the Diagnostic and then the Life Sciences side which is obviously a little more variable, again it sounds like you guys are making some changes in terms of going after a little more profitable business which is the outlook in China confidence in that region and what you're seeing here near term? Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Patrick, I think nothing's changed in our view regarding China and that level of confidence is because of the portfolio differentiation. I mean this is where I think it really comes down to a good understanding of the markets and the segments where we play in that market And if you just look at the portfolio that we have built out over there. In terms of Life Sciences side, I think on the instrumentation side, we will continue to see some pressure which is not very different from the other global markets. But I think on the reagents side, we will continue to see it coming back. On the immunodiagnostic side, I think excluding the impact of what Max talked about for a small legacy business that helps us improve profitability, it is going to be on a continued growth trajectory. Newborn screening is going to get impacted, but we've got quite a few of our reagents that are awaiting an MPA approval, and hopefully they will compensate for the pressure that we will see from the birth rate decline. So overall, I think it again comes back to the differentiation of our portfolio in China and outside of China. The lower, it sort of risk mitigates our portfolio, both the exposure to the Diagnostics, Life Sciences and the Software market, which sort of in the longer run is going to be the competitive advantage that we will have.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Andrew Cooper from Raymond James.
Andrew Cooper: Hey, everyone. Thanks for the questions. Maybe first want to talk about margins a little bit more just for this year. You have modest top line organic growth. You've got a 100 bps coming from price and cost action. So I guess what are some of the counter points to prevent being maybe a little bit of expansion year-over-year in 23 or maybe asking me the different way, what's the threshold of revenue growth you need to see to actually see that margin expansion?
Max Krakowiak : Yes. Hey, Andrew. I think as we previously mentioned, the one dynamic you didn't mention for 2024 that we have already previously discussed is the fact that we will have variable costs that are returning in 2024. And I do not believe we are alone. And that dynamic is, as you've heard, some of the others in the industry mentioned it. So I think from that perspective, that's really what's off setting to your point, the price and the structural cost actions that we have been taking. As you look out more longer term, I would say in a normal environment where you don't have that snapback of the variable costs, even with I would say a lower growth than the LRP model assumes. I would anticipate us still being able to drive margin expansion, given some of my earlier points. But again volume is a heavy driver when you think about it from a margin expansion standpoint.
Andrew Cooper: Okay. Helpful. And then maybe just one the E-Commerce rollout, any early feedback there or metrics you can share in terms of what the rollout has really looked like and whether it's more on the cost side, how we think about customer retention, sort of what the benefits are as we think about that moving beyond just the U.S. rollout and globally longer term?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Andrew, I mean, as we mentioned, it we just rolled it out in mid-December. So it's early days of the MVP and we are seeing good traction on it from a customer flow perspective. The OUS launch is expected to be out in the early part of the second quarter. So I would say it's four to five months ahead of schedule. It is still early days, and looks promising. I think over the longer term, the benefit that we get out of it is not just synergies of being able to offer a comprehensive portfolio to our customers on a common platform, but obviously the synergistic opportunities that you get from a cost perspective or an OpEx perspective. So we are very excited about what we are hearing and seeing, but early days is the best way I would frame it for now.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Catherine Schulte from Baird.
Catherine Schulte: Hey guys, thanks for the questions. Maybe first, your software and genomic lab businesses have faced headwinds over the last year due to some contract renewal and project timing dynamics. You mentioned those normalizing in 24, but can you just walk us through the timing there and what kind of performance you expect from those businesses both for the first quarter and the full year?
Max Krakowiak : Yes, sure. Hey, Catherine. As we look at, maybe if we take a step back and just think about our guidance more holistically, I think the way to think about it is we're assuming sort of a market down low single digit here in 2024. Revvity grows a couple hundred basis points above the market, so call that flat overall. And then the way we get to 2% is sort of that normalization of the software and omics business. So it's about a 200 basis points specific Revvity tailwind for this year. In terms of the individual assumptions for those businesses for the software business at the client high single digits in 2023, we expected to return to high single digits growth in 2024 and for the omics business that was down a little bit more than 30% in 2023 and we are expecting that to be flat in 2024 so essentially assuming none of those new contracts get signed. We continue to remain encouraged by the pipeline we have for that business and if we're able to close on some of those deals that would be upside to what's assumed in the guidance case here.
Catherine Schulte: Okay, great. And then how should we think about free cashflow in 2024 particularly with those AES outflows coming back to you?
Max Krakowiak : Yes, so from a cash flow perspective, again, we were encouraged by the results that we had here in the fourth quarter. For the overall year that would have meant about roughly more than $400 million once you normalize for those AES outflows. As we look to 2024, our anticipation of free cash flow generation is about $450 million, the AES outflows will actually come back to us as inflows in investing cash flow, if you add that to the $450 million, we are targeting to have about $600 million of overall cash generation in 2024.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI.
Vijay Kumar: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question and good morning to you Prahlad. Maybe my first one for you on Q1 organic guidance assumption of down mid-singles. You did color comps. You look at Q4 down low singles. Most of your peer to resuming first half to be similar to Q4 jump offs so maybe just talk a sequential why perhaps what's driving the chain from down low singles to down mid singles?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, I think as we talked about, from a Q4 to a Q1 perspective, a lot of it is obviously the comps that we had from last year. So it is more an impact of that than anything else. And I think as Max laid out the cadence of the calendar for the year, there is nothing outside of that, that I would say. We do have some pressure from reproductive health, especially in China. And on the instrument side, we will see some impact of that. But more than anything else, it is just timing, is where I would allocate it to the impact that we see on Q1 versus anything else.
Max Krakowiak : Yes, I mean, I'd only put out to add to that, Vijay, you mentioned it yourself, right? Most are saying that the first half will be similar to what they had in Q4. And that's what I just mentioned previously, right, that our first half assumption is down low single digits, which is in line with what we just printed for the fourth quarter.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. Max, maybe one for you. If you have gross margins in Q4 down sequentially. So what happened in Q4? And when you think about fiscal 24 guide, is the guide assuming gross margins be flattish up or down versus fiscal 23?
Max Krakowiak : Yes, sorry, Vijay, I might have missed the first part of your question, right? I think you were mentioned on just asking the question on gross margin for this year. So in the fourth quarter, the gross margin was about 60%. It was down quarter-over-quarter. We had some mixed dynamics play out in the fourth quarter. As we look to full year 2024, we expect gross margin to be roughly flat year-over-year. And we expect it to build as the year goes on, as we get increased volume leverage throughout the year.
Vijay Kumar: And so essentially the mix improves? Max, is that the assumption? Like what's driving the step up from Q4?
Max Krakowiak : Yes, I think from Q4 to Q1, it's relatively similar. We're expecting kind of a similar mixed dynamic from Q4 to Q1. As the rest of the year progresses, it is a mostly a volume leverage story as opposed to a massive change in mixed dynamics.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Daniel Brennan from TD Cowen.
Daniel Brennan: Great. Thanks. Thanks for the questions, guys. So ImmunoDX, another solid quarter in the year. Can you just give us a sense of kind of what's driving the strong growth and like what's the range of outcomes we can expect for 2024?
Prahlad Singh: Dan, I think, again, as I talked about earlier, it is the differentiate portfolio of the high end Euroimmun test that we have in China that allows us to be in the face of limited competition that we see in that marketplace. And that has innovation pipeline has worked for us and we expect that to continue as we look forward.
Daniel Brennan: Got it. Okay. Maybe on pharma, I know you kind of talked about it throughout a little bit, but it was a key drag at Q3. You guys talked about instruments still under pressure here, maybe from a post-COVID high. Just can you speak to some of your discussions with pharma? What do we expect this year? Just kind of any more color on kind of what you're hearing there? Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Dan. I think on the instrument side or on the capital side, I think we will continue to see some pressure or at least the current trend we expected to continue in the first half of the year. The benefit again that allows us is that the reagent side of the portfolio, once that starts stabilizing and coming up in the second half of the year, at least that's what the assumption that we have in our current forecast allows us the confidence that we would look. Overall, as we see pharma, I continue to believe that this is a temporary drove in the marketplace and I think it will continue, it will come back to what we have seen is normal pattern of mid-single digit growth in the market over the past several years.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Eve Burstein from Bernstein Research.
Eve Burstein: Good morning, thanks a lot for the questions. And first one, you said that you've already taken structural cost measures so far this year and you'll be taking additional cost actions in 24. Can you just give us some more color on what those actions are and what's giving you confidence and the ability to achieve those benefits in this timeframe?
Max Krakowiak : Yes, hey, Eve. So from a structural cost action perspective, the easiest way to think about it is really just right sizing the company given all of the transformation, whether that's the integration of the acquisitions, which I mentioned we're still, but we would consider in the early to mid-innings from a process standpoint and then it's working our way through the stranded costs from the divestiture. So that's really what's driving the structural cost actions. In terms of the confidence, those actions have already been taken place and communicated. There's a little bit of timing in terms of when the actual cost comes out throughout the course of the year, but those actions have more or less already been executed and it's just a matter of timing at this point. So we have, I would say, a high degree of confidence in those for this year.
Eve Burstein: Great. Thank you. And then you just talked about integration of your acquisitions. You said it's still early to mid-innings, but you also shared an example of how you brought a Biolegend together with other parts of your business to do something really cool. Where are you really against your synergy target of $100 million in year five, your two-fifths of the year, two-fifths of the way through? Where would you put yourself on that scale?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, I'm not. Good morning, Eve. I don't think I'm going to quantify as to what's the dollar amount of how much synergies we are saying. The intent of what we provided as an example is how we are starting to see not just commercial synergies from the full portfolio, but also operational and technological synergies. I think as Max said, I would say we are still in the early to mid-innings of the opportunities that we see from integration of the acquisitions. Keep in mind, two of our acquisitions, BioLegend and Euroimmun are two of our strongest and fastest growing businesses. And then I think the opportunities that they provide are crown jewels in our portfolio and we expect them to continue to perform well. Our intent is how do we support those businesses and how do we leverage the opportunities that we see across the portfolio with them.
Operator: Our final question today coming from the line of Luke Sergott from Barclays.
Luke Sergott: Awesome, thanks for squeezing me in. So real quick on the 1Q margin target, you said like a few 100 basis points lower than your full year, so I assume that's around like 25%. Can you talk about even though it's, the growth and everything looks a little bit like 4Q, can you just talk about what's really driving that de sale and then kind of where you're going to get the margin uplift throughout the year and then on that steep ramp?
Max Krakowiak : Yes. Hey, Luke. So, I think maybe just to tackle the margin question first, you kind of led with that. So, look, I don't think your math is that far off from Q1. I think we've given you the pieces below the line in Q1 that you're going to get to roughly that number. As you look at comparing that to Q4, I would say the two mains, really the main driver of that is just a volume step down from a top line perspective. If you look at the actual overall gross margin percentage, it's roughly flat quarter-over-quarter, OpEx costs are similarly in line quarter-over-quarter. And so from that standpoint, I don't think really much has changed. Again, as you then look at the volume ramp over the remainder of the year, as we mentioned, one, you're going to have the timing of the structural cost actions coming into play and the second piece is you're going to have volume leverage as the year builds. So that's how I would think about it from a margin perspective. In terms of the slowdown from an organic growth perspective between Q4 to Q1, I think we've mentioned part of that is definitely comp driven. And the biggest piece of that is going to be on the immunodiagnostics business outside of China. Outside of China in the first half last year, immunodiagnostics grew in the high teens. We've always said it should be a sort of a low double digit. And so, there is just some normalization there on a two year stack for immunodiagnostics business outside of China.
Luke Sergott: Yes, great. Thanks. I was just referring to the 4Q to 1Q kind of just the similar, you have a pretty steep decline there on the margin. I got the core commentary. And then I guess on the software piece, you guys have talked about converting a lot of these customers more to SaaS-based and that's kind of aiming to reduce the lumpiness in the orders. And talk about the progress that you're seeing there. And then on the non-SaaS piece, can you talk about what the orders look like and if they're inflecting? Because as you talked, gave that 2% framework prior, we were talking about just if software's not a headwind next year or the way that the contracts come in, that would just be at least 100 basis points of lift.
Max Krakowiak : Yes, so then I'll maybe start with your second question first, Luke. So as I mentioned, software business was down high single digits in 23. It should be moving to up high single digits. That's what's assumed in our guidance here for 24. That is roughly 125 basis points to the overall company from an organic growth perspective. And so as you look at that dynamic, it's really driven by this contract renewals. Again, that's a business that has upper 90% renewal rate. And so most of the contracts we know and they're coming due and I would say have a high degree of confidence in our ability to deliver on our 24 expectations. And then to your first question on sort of the SaaS transition, I think we continue to make really good progress. We view the transition to SaaS as actually a differentiator for us versus our peers. We believe we are ahead of them in terms of that transition. And so although that might create a little bit of noise from a revenue recognition standpoint, it is the right thing to do for the business. And if we think our SaaS products are going to help us actually take share from our competition.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, and Luke, in the longer term, it definitely helps us increase revenue and reduce our volatility for that business, which I think is another one of the opportunities that the software business provides us from a differentiation perspective.
Operator: This concludes today's question and answer session. I'd like to pass the call back over to Steve Willoughby for any closing remarks.
Steve Willoughby : Thank you. Thanks for your interesting question today. And we look forward to further discussions over the coming weeks. Have a good day, bye-bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-05 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Q3 2023 Revvity Earnings Conference Call. My name is Alex. Ill be coordinating the call today. [Operator Instructions] Ill now hand it over to your host, Steve Willoughby, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Willoughby: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Revvitys Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. On the call with me today are Prahlad Singh, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Max Krakowiak, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the safe harbor statements that we have outlined in our press release issued earlier this morning and also those in our SEC filings. Statements or comments made on this call may be forward-looking statements, which may include, but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the companys plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The companys actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of todays statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. Ill now turn it over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Prahlad Singh. Prahlad?
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Revvity has been built to help accelerate the advancement of human health through science, while also being able to execute at a high level through various macroeconomic conditions. This unique and differentiated profile is intended to help make a profound impact on the future of healthcare and to insulate our performance during periods of macro pressure, while still allowing us to capitalize when industry tailwinds are at our back. We and others are in the midst of one of those periods of macroeconomic and industry pressure. This is evident with the increased headwinds that we began to experience during the second quarter, which intensified during the most recent quarter. While we attempted to build some cushion into our assumptions, should industry dynamics worsen, the level of increased challenges we face from our pharma and biotech customers, particularly in September, was more than we anticipated. As a result, while our total company organic revenue grew by 1% in the quarter, we finished well below our mid-single-digit assumption from 90 days ago. Our lighter-than-expected revenue was driven by softness that occurred fairly late in the quarter. Given this last minute pressure, Im very proud of our continued strong margin and earnings performance as the incremental headwinds in September left us very little time to try to properly manage our expenses. Our adjusted EPS in the quarter of $1.18 was still in line with the low-end of our implied guidance, despite our revenues coming in meaningfully below our expectations. The downturn in demand from our pharma and biotech customers led our Life Sciences business declining in the low-single-digits organically in the quarter, which was below our low-single-digit growth expectation. The softer spending from pharma and biotech customers also put pressure on our applied genomics and genomic lab businesses within our Diagnostics segment. While our sizable immunodiagnostics business performed extremely well and grew in the high teens overall, including high teens growth in China, the pressure from softer pharma spending impacting parts of this segment resulted in our overall Diagnostics business growing 4% organically year-over-year in the quarter, excluding COVID, slightly below our mid- to high-single-digit expectations. While Max will touch on this in more detail, we anticipate these end-market headwinds to continue through the fourth quarter, resulting in our non-COVID organic growth expected to be down in the mid-single-digits year-over-year, which would bring our full year non-COVID organic growth to approximately 2%. As to when this industry downturn might dissipate, we do not have a crystal ball, but we remain confident as ever in the future potential of our industry and for Revvity itself. As of right now, though, we are anticipating the pharma/biotech headwinds persist into at least the first half of 2024. There is currently a wide range of potential outcomes for next year, which is why we want to take the next few months to further evaluate underlying trends. This range of potential outcomes infuse the possibility that organic growth could be in a similar range to what we are now expecting for this year, with the second half of the year likely being stronger than the first half. Given this current outlook, we will look to take additional cost actions heading into next year beyond the roughly $80 million of expenses we will have cut in 2023, since some favorable items from this year are not expected to repeat at the same level in 2024. With the heightened level of industry demand over the last few years now being followed by a subsequent correction, we are also currently analyzing our previously provided 2024 through 2026 midterm outlook to ensure it remains reflective of what we expect the business to be able to produce over that timeframe. We would expect this analysis to be completed by the end of this calendar year. While the future of our end markets remain bright, and we expect global investment levels into science to rebound, we are certainly seeing more end market pressure than we had previously anticipated in some of our markets. As weve highlighted in the past, while we are likely more insulated from the macro and industry pressures than many of our peers, we are not immune to the current softer spending environment from pharma and biotech customers. Our ability to still post positive organic growth in the quarter, despite these headwinds will likely standout as earnings season continue to progress as we prudently manage those items that are fully within our control, particularly as it relates to our margins. While we persevered through this current market, I believe we are making good progress on coming together as Revvity by focusing on our operational, commercial and R&D priorities as a new company. This focus and progress sets us up very well to prosper in the future once this period is over. A few recent examples of this were the launch of 2 new in vivo imaging platforms, the IVIS Spectrum 2 and the Quantum GX3. These launches represent a nearly complete refresh of our market-leading in vivo imaging portfolio. The Quantum GX3, for example, with its market-leading resolution allows us to now have a competitive solution for the bone market, which is a field we have not previously meaningfully participated in. It was also great to see our initial set of Pin-Point base editing reagents debut following our recent first license of our technology to a major pharma customer earlier this year. These new reagents provide customers for the first time ready-to-use consumables to allow them to begin exploring the scientific potential of our novel base editing technology and its unique ability to perform complex and multi-gene editing. Our ability to now offer these 2 customers is another proof point for how we are leading with science and working to democratize base editing technology for all. You may have also seen recently that weve entered into 2 new important commercial collaborations. First, we announced a collaboration with Element Biosciences to use their cutting-edge AVITI sequencer system, combined with our significant portfolio of sample prep instruments and consumables to jointly offer unique complete NGS workflows. We expect this collaboration to initially focus on continuing to expand our NGS presence in newborn screening. Secondly, we also recently announced an agreement with Danaher SCIEX business to begin providing their mass specs in select markets as a new option to be used with our newer base, newborn screening reagents in our customers workflows. While expanding the breadth of instruments we offer our customers in our newborn screening business, we are providing them a greater range of options to choose from that are fully supported by both companies. Both these recent collaborations are great examples of how we seek to provide our customers the most cutting-edge and efficient solutions, even if sometimes they may not fully reside within the foul balls of Revvity itself. Our recently released 2023 ESG report also highlights how we are having a meaningful impact on society. This years report shows how we have dramatically expanded our environmental data collection efforts across the new company to provide us with an even more solid footing to build on in the years to come. Based on stakeholder feedback from our last materiality assessment, the report also highlights our continued focus on top employee issues and how we have introduced many new company policies targeting emerging topics such as bioethics, animal welfare and sustainable procurement amongst others. Finally, we have provided a new external ESG goal that we plan to pursue going forward. These include a 50% reduction in our Scope 1 and 2 emissions over the next decade, maintaining greater than 40% of senior leadership roles held by females and achieving a 75% or greater employee satisfaction rate. In closing, before handing it to Max, our industry is currently going through one of its most difficult periods in the last 2 decades. While this period is not enjoyable for anyone, Im thankful for the transformation that has occurred at the company over the last 3 years, including our successful divestiture back in March. As I mentioned, we are not immune to the current pressures. But, I think, you will see that Revvity has been built to perform better than most to macroeconomic environments, including tough ones like we are now in. We are focused on maintaining our strong relative margin profile and are making good progress on our operational, commercial and R&D initiatives. We also have a strong balance sheet, which we believe will likely become an even greater asset to us in the coming quarters. Im excited about our future and know we will come out of this period an even stronger and more efficient company than we are already today. With that, Ill now turn the call over to Max.
Max Krakowiak: Thanks, Prahlad, and good morning, everyone. The company has gone through a significant amount of change over the past year and has continued to execute at a high level as our employees have risen to the occasion to overcome the dynamic environment weve been facing so far this year. We are now in the midst of our next challenge as we saw a noticeable step-down in demand from our pharma and biotech customers as we progress through the quarter, especially in September. Although we expect these headwinds to continue, we remain focused on the items that are within our control and remain excited about the opportunities that lie ahead for our new company. As Prahlad has mentioned, we continue to make progress on our strategic initiatives across R&D, operations and sales and marketing, while continuing to rightsize the business. In addition to the previously discussed $60 million of cost actions we have taken so far this year, given the softer top-line trends we experienced as the third quarter progressed, we have identified another $20 million of further cost reductions that will impact the remainder of this year. Since we currently expect the softer pharma/biotech spending to be in place for at least a few more quarters, we are also working to take additional actions to properly align our cost structure as we head into next year, to ensure we appropriately balance strategic investments, while preserving our elevated margin profile. Now, moving on to our third quarter results. The company generated 1% non-COVID organic growth overall in the quarter, which resulted in total revenue of $671 million, which was down 6% due to the drop in COVID-related revenues compared to a year-ago. Of the 400 basis points lower-than-anticipated organic growth we experienced in the quarter versus the midpoint of our guidance, approximately 300 basis points of the shortfall was pressure related to our instrument and software businesses, while 100 basis points was from softer reagent and consumable demand, particularly in September. APAC added 1% to our third quarter revenue, and we again had no incremental contribution from acquisitions. As it relates to our P&L, we generated 27.5% adjusted operating margins in the quarter overall, which were largely in line with our 28% expectation, despite the late fall off of revenue in the quarter. Our gross margins of 61% were down from last quarter due to a combination of less volume leverage and an unfavorable mix shift. We incurred a favorable pricing impact of approximately 150 basis points in the quarter, which is helping to offset the continued inflation we are seeing across parts of the business. For the full year, we now expect at least 125 basis points of net pricing realization for the company overall. Looking below the line, we had net interest expense of $7 million, which was again favorable by a couple of million compared to our expectations. This favorability was primarily driven by better-than-expected interest income as we did a better-than-anticipated job of repatriating our cash so far this year. Our adjusted tax rate was 18% in the quarter, which was favorable to our expectations. We also continued to repurchase shares in the quarter buying back $111 million in total, bringing our year-to-date repurchase activity to $384 million. We averaged 124.2 million shares in the quarter and exited the quarter with 123.5 million shares outstanding. Moving beyond the P&L, we generated adjusted free cash flow of $8 million in the quarter which on a year-over- year basis continue to be pressured from the drop in COVID revenues and roughly $21 million of outflows associated with one-time divestiture-related costs and rebranding activities. We expect some of these outflows to reverse over the coming months and positively impact our investing cash flow when they come back to us. On a year-to-date basis, our adjusted cash flow has been $2 million, which includes a headwind of nearly $200 million from one-time divestiture and rebranding-related activities. As for capital deployment, we continue to remain active in the quarter. As mentioned, we bought back another $111 million of stock, and we paid off the remaining $467 million of our 2023 bond which matured in mid-September. We have significant cash and equivalents on our balance sheet and are well positioned to pay off the $800 million bond we have coming due next September. With this activity, we finished the quarter with a net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio of 2.8 times. I will now provide some commentary on our third quarter business trends, which is also included in the quarterly slide presentation on our Investor Relations website. The 1% non-COVID organic growth in the quarter was comprised of a 3% decline in our Life Sciences segment and 4% growth in Diagnostics. Geographically, we declined in the low-single-digits in the Americas, grew low-single-digits in Europe and grew mid-single-digits in Asia with China growing in the high-single-digits overall. Within China, we saw our Diagnostics segment grow in the low-double-digits, driven by high teens growth in immunodiagnostics. This was offset by low-single-digit growth in Life Sciences. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we continue to expect our immunodiagnostics business to grow well in China, but likely more at a low-double-digit rate as comps continue to strengthen. From a segment perspective, our Life Sciences business generated total adjusted revenue of $308 million in the quarter. This was down 2% on a reported basis and 3% on an organic basis. From a customer perspective, sales in the pharma/biotech declined in the high-single-digits organically, which was offset by low-double-digit growth from academic and government customers. Our Life Sciences instrument revenue was down high-single-digits, while our reagent licensing and specialty pharma services revenue declined low-single-digits year-over-year. The step down in reagent growth was driven by as anticipated lower licensing and pharma services revenue year-over-year and some pressure from the pharma/biotech customer weakness. While our reagent sales has been largely immune from some of the softer trends we started to see in the first half of the year, as we progress through the third quarter, we did begin to see some pullback on consumable spending from these customers as well. Our Revvity signal software business grew in the low-double-digits as it benefited from the timing of renewals year-over-year. We continue to expect this business to be down double-digits in the fourth quarter as we assume minimal new contract sales, and we have fewer multiyear contract renewals this quarter. At our Diagnostics segment, we generated $363 million of total adjusted revenue in the quarter, which was down 9% on a reported basis and 10% on an organic basis. On a non-COVID basis, the segment grew 4% versus a year ago. Our immunodiagnostics business grew in the high teens organically, excluding COVID. It is great to see this business in China continue to normalize and I would again reiterate how important and impressive it is that this significant franchise continues to grow at a very high rate outside of China as well. We expect this business, which represents more than 25% of our total company revenue to continue to grow in the double-digits globally in the years to come. In our reproductive health business, overall organic revenue declined in the mid-single-digits year-over-year. We experienced mid-single-digit positive growth in our newborn business, which was offset by weaker trends in prenatal and continued known headwinds in our Revvity Omics genomics lab business, which should subside by the end of this year. Our applied genomics business incurred increased pressure from the slowdown in pharma/biotech spending and declined organically in the low-double-digits, when excluding COVID across both instruments and consumables. While Prahlad has already provided some high-level commentary as it pertains to our guidance expectations, I thought I would provide some additional color. End market demand has been a very fluid and somewhat volatile issue that continues throughout this year. For the fourth quarter, we expect our non-COVID organic growth to decline in the mid-single-digits year-over-year as we expect our Life Sciences business to decline in the low-double-digits and our Diagnostics business to decline in the low-single-digits. For your modeling purposes, we would point you to the lower end of our total company organic growth range and highlight that we expect our operating margins to be similar to this past quarter. Net interest and other expense is expected to be approximately $50 million as we will have less interest income going forward after paying off the remainder of our $500 million bond in mid-September, resulting in less cash available to invest. With a 16% tax rate, we expect adjusted EPS in the fourth quarter of $1.14 to $1.18. When combined with our year-to-date performance, this fourth quarter outlook equates to full year 2023 non-COVID organic growth of approximately 2%. We expect FX to be a 1% headwind and M&A to have no impact on the full year. This results in our 2023 total revenue now expected to be in the range of $2.72 billion to $2.74 billion. With the lower expected volumes, we now expect 28% adjusted operating margins this year, down from our 29% prior outlook. Below the operating line, we do have some favorability that we expect to drive our adjusted net interest and other expense to be approximately $57 million this year in total, down slightly from our prior outlook. We experienced some favorability in the third quarter, which we expect to continue into the fourth. So we are now looking for a full year adjusted tax rate of 20%, down from our prior 21% outlook. Given our additional share repurchase in the quarter, we now expect the full year average fully diluted share count of a little under 125 million shares, down slightly from our prior assumption. This guidance now reflects our expected adjusted EPS to be in the range of $4.53 to $4.57 for the full year overall and is detailed on the second last page of our earnings presentation. While Prahlad already provided some high-level thoughts on 2024, the only 2 things I would add are that while there are a wide range of potential outcomes for our organic growth next year, if growth did end up looking similar to what we now expect for this year, we would expect to have nominal margin expansion as the further cost actions we plan to take will be partially offset by general inflation and some costs returning. Secondly, wed expect our net interest and other expense to be up approximately 40% next year as we will have significantly less interest income after paying off the remainder of the $500 million bond a month ago and the $800 million bond this upcoming September. While we are currently going through a challenging market environment that may extend for at least a few more quarters, we are confident in our ability to continue rising to the occasion as we have done over the past couple of years. We remain focused on the items in our control such as our significant cost control actions and executing on our operational initiatives. These actions will allow us to be well positioned to capitalize on the exciting future opportunities in front of us as we continue to shape Revvity to realize its full potential. With that, operator, we would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Patrick Donnelly of Citi. Patrick, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Patrick Donnelly: Thank you for taking the questions. Prahlad, maybe one for you, just in terms of the cadence of the quarter, it sounds like you flagged September as being quite a bit worse. Can you just talk about, I guess, what you saw as is kind of that exit rate what youve seen so far in October? And maybe specifically on reagents, it seems like those softened maybe more than others, just what you saw from customers and what youre hearing on the go-forward on that piece?
Prahlad Singh: Sure, Patrick. As we entered September, what we realized is that the pressure on the reagent side was more than we anticipated. And some of it was what we realized is the site consolidations and the closure of some site from big pharma, which obviously impacted the reagents numbers, and we saw that impact. Second one was the CRO side in China, that continue to see more pressure than anticipated as we came closer towards the end of the quarter. Also, if you keep in mind, if our licensing comp revenue shows up in our reagents number. So if you were to  ex-licensing, our revenue for the reagents would have been flat.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. Thats helpful. And then maybe one, just as we think about kind of the end of this year into early next, Prahlad, it was helpful here, youre kind of talk about the first half of next year, maybe some of these headwinds lingering. It sounds like 4Q is maybe down mid-single non-COVID and, Max, kind of framing up maybe as next year does look similar to this year, youre kind of in that low-single range. Is it the right way to think about the first half as we model maybe thinking about something in that down mid-single range and then ramping, and is it just going to be easier comps in the second half? Is there any visibility into a level of improvement? Or for now, given, as you said, the range of outcomes, is it just uncertainty?
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, I think its a fair question. Patrick, I think what we want to do is, as we said in our prepared remarks, we want to take the time to see how the macro evolves over the next couple of months and provide a more complete update towards the year-end. I think as we look at the line  as we and our peers have pointed out, as we look into the 4Q and especially on the instrument side of the business, generally, if you recall, 4Q generally tends to have a budget flush. That budget flush, we are very comfortable saying that, thats not  there is no visibility into that. But, more importantly, I think as we look also into the first half of the year, we are not assuming a ramp-up in the first half. But in the second half, as you pointed out, obviously, because a lower comp, but also as things start coming back, our expectation is that it definitely would be better than as we would see in the first half. Max, anything Im missing?
Max Krakowiak: No, Im done, Prahlad.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar of Evercore. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, guy. Thanks for taking my question. Prahlad, maybe just one on your September commentary on the guidance. So the guidance changed by $90 million. Is that all pharma? What is it assuming for China that $90 million change in guidance in that implied minus 5% for Q4? Is that the trend you guys saw in September and thats what the guidance is as you look into Q4?
Prahlad Singh: I think majority of that, obviously, is on the Life Sciences side of the business, Vijay. Our assumption around instruments is that they would be down double-digits. Our assumption around reagents is that it would be flat versus 3Q. I think, also to keep in mind, on the Diagnostics side, applied genomics is getting impacted, because its the overlap of customers that we see on pharma/biotech. Our IDX business in China and everywhere else, while it continues to grow, its got a much tougher comp in 4Q versus what we had in 3Q. So its probably a combination of all the 3 things that I pointed out, which is what is leading us to what weve guided in 4Q.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. Max, one for you. I just want to understand your 2024 comments here. But did you say  did I hear you correctly when you said no operating leverage if revenue outlook was similar to fiscal 2023 on a base organic basis? And, I think you said net interest and other of 40%. Can you just put a dollar number, please? Whats the right base when you say up 40%?
Max Krakowiak: Yes. So a couple of points there, Vijay. One, I would say for 2024, right, I think we were saying theres a wide range of potential outcomes for next year, and were going to take the next couple of months to further refine it. In the event that organic growth did look similar to this year, you are correct, we said that there will be nominal margin expansion, right, very low-single-digit growth year-over-year. In terms of your interest in other question, the 40% growth is off a $57 million number this year, which we provided in our prepared remarks. And the reason for the increase year-over-year is because of the lower cash balance we have on average in 2024. As we mentioned, we paid off the $500 million note in Q3 of this year, and weve got another $800 million that we have to pay off in September of next year.
Vijay Kumar: Very clear. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good morning. Thank you taking the question. Just to put a point on it on the 2024 outlook. I mean, can you hold EPS flat or with the cost cutting? Or should we think about it as potentially being down year-over-year?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah, I think as we mentioned, Derik, right, we are not providing a guidance here for 2024. If we said theres a potential range of outcomes, I think in the event that organic growth did look similar, weve given you enough pieces to go ahead and model down to the EPS. But again, were going to take the next couple of months to really refine what the organic growth assumption is, which will have a big impact on what our ultimate EPS is for next year.
Derik De Bruin: Got it. And just a little bit more color on whats going on at BioLegend and Horizon, and just talk about sort of like some of the trends in pharma. Are they just  I mean, are they hesitating on spending? Are they doing it? Just any more incremental color you can sort of like give us on whats going on with that end market. Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Sure, Derik. Let me talk about BioLegend. BioLegend did better than our overall reagents business that we talked about and they did quite good. I think, obviously, it also has seen some softening. And primarily, that is what it is seeing, especially as we look at China. Weve given the CRO business depression in that marketplace. I think on the Horizon side, we get a lot of service business that comes there from pharma/biotech, which has seen softening. So on the Horizon side, on the reagent side, while its okay, but the service revenue that comes from Horizon, because of the cell line development work, et cetera, that they do, that has seen softening. So any spending coming out of pharma/biotech has seen softening, which is the general trend that we have observed.
Derik De Bruin: Got it. And services in general being more so than just than the consumables?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, absolutely.
Derik De Bruin: Got it. Thank you very much.
Prahlad Singh: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Cooper of Raymond James. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Cooper: Hi, everybody. Thanks for the questions. Maybe first, just on some of the cost actions you called out, I think it was $60 million up to $80 million now with the $20 million coming. Just can you clarify, are those annualized numbers or for the year? And then how much should we think about that being a tailwind as we think about moving into 2024, some of what you pulled out this year that continues to benefit even if you dont necessarily pull out incremental dollars?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Andrew. So the way I would think about the cost of the $80 million number is the reduction that we have in our P&L and financials for this year. As you think about it for next year, we mentioned a little bit in the prepared remarks, we will have some costs that were a tailwind for us this year that are going to come back into our financials for next year, which is kind of getting offset by some of the annualization of the cost actions we have taken this year. And so that is kind of balance each other out. And then, again, as I mentioned in one of the previous Q&A, its going to ultimately depend on what our organic growth looks like for next year as well.
Andrew Cooper: Okay. Helpful. And then, maybe just can you give us a sense for a little bit of the sizing of how you might break up the end market within the Diagnostics business really with kind of the intent of how much of that business is more exposed to pharma/biotech versus what is sort of true clinical and probably not impacted by the same end-market headwinds that we talked about for pharma/biotech?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah, its a great question. And so, I think youve heard about us talk about the Diagnostics business being impacted by pharma/biotech and really 2 of our business signs. The first is the applied genomics business, which as a reminder, is roughly $250 million of revenue per year, about 60% of that business goes into the pharma/biotech customer base. And then, youve got the second piece is our Revvity Omics business, which is last year that was roughly an $80 million business for us. I would say more than half of that business is related to the pharma/biotech customers as well.
Andrew Cooper: Okay. Great. Ill stop there. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eve Burstein of Bernstein Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Eve Burstein: Great. Good morning. Thanks a lot for the question. So as part of your portfolio transformation, youve talked a lot about how the new portfolio should allow you to grow well above market average. I know that youre going to revisit your midterm outlook, and well wait to hear specific numbers on 2024 and longer-term from you. But 2 questions. One is just, do you expect to be more resilient than your peers on average next year? And do you expect to grow significantly above market growth next year, whatever that average is?
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. Hey, good morning, Eve. I think there are 2 ways to look at it, right? We definitely feel very confident that our portfolio continues to remain differentiated. As we even in this tough market environment, let me point out to a couple of things that we feel are bright spots. Our immunodiagnostics business globally grew in the high teens, especially in China, it has continued to grow in the high teens and will grow 10%. China performance, we had low-double-digits growth there. For the full year, we will expect mid-single-digits growth there. So, I think if you look at China, if you look at our immunodiagnostics business, that continues to be resilient. Our neonatal business despite pressure from both rate continues to do very well. Even on the Life Sciences side, despite the depression that we saw in 3Q, our reagents business will still grow mid-single-digits for the year even when you include the licensing comp headwinds that we have for this year. And going forward also, we expect our reagents business to be resilient and continue to do very well. At the end of the day, what it comes down to is the pressure from pharma/biotech on CapEx spending, which is on the Life Sciences instrument side and also on some on the software renewal side that we had. So that pressure, we expect, as I pointed out, to sort of elongate into the first half of next year. But from a portfolio perspective, we feel very confident that we will be differentiated.
Eve Burstein: Got it. And then maybe just one follow-up. You talked about immunodiagnostics in China being quite strong and a high point for your portfolio. Some of your peers have also had positive things to say about the market environment for Diagnostics in China, volumes being up, being spared by anti-corruption crackdown. Has there been any signs of weakness or of the crackdown scope expanding to include Diagnostics or from where youre standing today, does it just look like smooth sailing?
Prahlad Singh: From our business perspective, we have seen no to very minimal impact in our business. If anything, its just more delays versus any cancellation. I think in the longer-term, Eve, this will probably benefit multinationals more given the anti-corruption initiative that the government has going on.
Eve Burstein: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jack Meehan of Nephron Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to ask the Diagnostics business, Max, I think I heard down low-single-digits forecast for the fourth quarter. I just want to confirm thats on a non-COVID basis. And then if you compare it versus the third quarter results, its a bit of a moderation. Just talk about whats changing kind of in the year-end?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah, sure. Hey, Jack. So actually, for the fourth quarter guidance for our Diagnostics business will be roughly flat for the fourth quarter. And so, when you then look at it versus the third quarter, really the drop versus the mid-single-digits growth in the third quarter was driven by the fact that our applied genomics business, as I previously mentioned, continues to face increased headwinds from the pharma/biotech. That is really the only thing that I would say is changing dramatically from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. The other 2 pieces of it, albeit theyre smaller is: one, we have a heavier CapEx instrumentation comp in our reproductive health business in the fourth quarter; and the second is, immunodiagnostics China does have a tougher comp in the fourth quarter. If you remember, third quarter of last year was down high teens, and the fourth quarter was down mid-single-digits. So I would say, those are the kind of 3 key pieces quarter-over-quarter.
Jack Meehan: Great. Okay. And then sticking on Diagnostics in China, getting a lot of questions about the volume-based procurement initiatives in the region. Prahlad or Max, just curious how you kind of frame any exposure there for your Diagnostics business and kind of thoughts on what that can mean for pricing over the coming years? Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. And, Jack, weve talked about this earlier, right? I think our NPIs are differentiated enough. I mean, I think if you just to frame it, roughly high-single to probably 10% of our DX business will see some impact from value-based pricing. And over the years, weve continued to see mid-single-digit price rate declines in China on our portfolio. However, weve continued to compensate for that with newer NPIs and increased volume that we have seen, and we expect to continue to see that more than offset the price decline and result in double-digits immunodiagnostics growth for our portfolio there into the future. As we assume sort of flat growth for reproductive health and applied genomics in China DX are in mid-single-digits overall for the whole year though. I think the future potential impact from VBP price expanding, we will see it decline each year, given the mid-single-digit gradual price decline that we currently continue to see in China.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Sykes of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Matthew Sykes: Thanks for taking my questions. Good morning. Maybe just to start on the academic government end market. You showed pretty solid growth in the quarter. How are you thinking about that end market in the context of some of the budgets being set over time, whether its NIH or others in terms of the stability of that end market as we move into 2024?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Matt, hows it going? So as we look at our academic and government customer base, as a reminder, thats about 25% of our Life Sciences portfolio. And in the quarter, it did grow low-double-digits. The other point I would call out is that instruments makes up about 50% of that, while reagents makes up the other 50%. Our reagents business has continued to kind of grow at a mid-teens level year-to-date in the academic and government portfolio. We expect that to continue really maybe the, I would say, unique dynamic this year is really more around the instrument growth in academic and government. If you remember, they had much easier comps in 2022, they were coming off of. So instruments are posting, I would say, a healthier growth rate than what we would probably suspect long-term. But, again, youre only talking about half of that portfolio is really instrumentation.
Matthew Sykes: Got it. Thanks, Max. And then just more of a high-level question. As you saw some of that demand from pharma/biotech drop off in September, could you maybe characterize the nature of that slowing in spend, just given the fact that a lot of these large pharma companies have big budget decisions to make and turning that around and respending sometimes takes a lot of time. Im just wondering, do you see these sort of the slowdown in spending is sort of a transitory in terms of 2023 budgets? Or do you think theres some bigger reprioritizations and spending and budget decisions moving forward into 2024?
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, Matt, I think from my perspective and just looking at the customer buying behavior, its not that. As we entered September, we saw more of a pausing or a cancellation rather than saying that this is going to be continuous. I think just given the IRA Act, customers are more than anything just ensuring that they calibrate and get their costs in line now. So I think its just more planning and ensuring that their cost structure is ready to address the IRA Act as it comes into play into 2025. So from our perspective, it is transitory and it will be there for a few quarters.
Matthew Sykes: Thanks, Prahlad. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Waldman of Cleveland Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Joshua Waldman: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. 2 for you. First, Max, can you help us think about the right earnings base for 2024? I mean, you have $80 million of cost reductions this year. I guess, how much of that is discretionary comp that will be coming back into the business? And then it sounds like you have higher interest expense, maybe tax rate and share count or tailwinds. Just curious if you think the $455 million guide for this year is the right way to think about the base entering next year? Or is it below that?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Josh. Look, I appreciate the question. I think as I mentioned before, in 2024, we are not giving guidance on EPS or anything of that nature or getting specific. Were going to take the next couple of months to really refine our organic growth outlook of what we anticipate for next year. I think we were trying to get ahead in saying in one of the possible scenarios that it did look similar to this year, we wanted to kind of get out front in terms of some of the margin commentary and what that would look like. But, again, were going to take the next couple of months to really refine what we expect our organic growth to be for 2024.
Prahlad Singh: And, again, Ill just add to this, Josh, because I know, obviously, people are curious on 2024. We really need to take the time to ensure that we understand what customer buying behavior looks like and how it evolves, the macro evolves over the next few months. But I think more importantly, as Max said, we are taking the right measures. We are taking action to protect our top quartile margin profile, despite revenue growth weakness and that includes the cost-cutting measures that weve already taken, and we will continue to take to protect and even expand our margins.
Joshua Waldman: Got it. Okay. And then, Prahlad, I wondered if you could provide more context on how the quarter progressed in the Life Science business. You obviously mentioned tighter reagents, but curious how instrument demand progressed. And then, I guess, how confident are you that you fully capture the potential downside? I mean, I think Max said, the Life Science business is expected to be down double-digits in the fourth quarter. Its a wide range, I guess, any more context you can provide on kind of the right landing point for the Life Science business.
Prahlad Singh: Look, I mean, I think on the Life Sciences instruments side, weve assumed double-digit decline in the fourth quarter, and weve kept our reagents flat versus our third quarter. And essentially, the way I would say it is that we pattern that based on the buying behavior of our customer towards the end of the quarter, which was  as we said, and both Max and I pointed out, it was more of a steeper decline in the second half of the quarter.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah, the one other piece I would add, Josh, is that normally, we do see sort of a sequential dollar step-up in the fourth quarter from our Life Sciences instrumentation. Usually, thats about a 20% volume step-up quarter-over-quarter, we have taken that now fully out of our guidance for the fourth quarter. I think the last time we spoke on our second quarter earnings call, we had reduced it, but we had not fully eliminated the step-up between the third and the fourth quarter, and now we have fully taken out any sequential step-up on instrumentation.
Joshua Waldman: Got it. Thats helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Brennan of TD Cowen. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Daniel Brennan: Great. Thanks for taking my questions, guys. Just maybe on the immunodiagnostics business since thats been such a driver here. You guys sounded very positive on the continuation. Can you just give us a little color on kind of what youre seeing there globally and the confidence that that kind of double-digit growth continues here in 2024?
Prahlad Singh: Hey, Dan, good morning. Yeah, I mean, again, that has been a bright spot, as you pointed out, and we continue to expect that to do well. Look, as weve said about EUROIMMUN and Max pointed out today, you should assume that our EUROIMMUN business is going to continue to grow in the double-digits. And, I mean, there are 2, 3 reasons, our growth drivers that weve pointed out, one is obviously the awareness of autoimmune disease and the continued growth of that, especially as we see that in emerging markets, launch of new NPIs, more specifically in the United States, but also in other markets, they have come out with a few new assays and instruments that are starting to see traction and they have a very healthy pipeline, more importantly, as we look going forward, which is what gives us the confidence in the growth of that business.
Daniel Brennan: Great. Thanks. And then maybe just on the free cash flow. You talked about some of the one-off headwinds here with the divestiture and also some of the rebranding. How should we be thinking about today if we think about conversion into 2024 at this point on free cash flow?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Dan. Yeah, so I think starting with the free cash flow number, Brennan, we mentioned a little bit in the prepared remarks, if you were to sort of normalize for some of these AES outflows, et cetera, our year-to-date conversion is roughly about 160% on a free cash flow conversion basis. We would expect to finish this year above 100% once you adjust for those items. And, I think we do feel confident that our new portfolio as Revvity will enable us to do better cash flow performance than we have done historically. And so we remain encouraged that were going to continue that strong performance into 2024.
Daniel Brennan: All right. Thanks, Max.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Luke Sergott of Barclays. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Luke Sergott: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I have 2 quick cleanups and then I have better question on the quarter. So you talked earlier about the instruments being down double-digits in the quarter. Is that year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter? And then can you update us what EUROIMMUN did?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Luke. So from an instrument standpoint, that is a year-over-year stat. When you look at it again, quarter-over- quarter, as I think I just mentioned, its relatively flat volumes from a sequential standpoint versus the third quarter for the instrumentation. In terms of EUROIMMUN, I think that we dont necessarily disclose individual business lines, but our overall immunodiagnostics business, as we mentioned, grew in the high teens in the third quarter and EUROIMMUN is the, by far, the largest piece of that business.
Luke Sergott: Got you. And then, so just trying to figure out here how the quarter sounded like it could continue to get worse. And so, is it safe to assume like the step-down in September was something like 25%, 30%? And then does your current guide contemplate the demand environment getting worse? Or is it just kind of steady state at these levels that you exited September in?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. So, I think it depends on what piece of the portfolio youre really talking about in terms of the September performance. I would say just though overall for our guidance and the way that we thought about the fourth quarter is contemplating those exit rates we saw in September and October, and that is what we have sort of baked into our guidance here to the fourth.
Luke Sergott: All right. Thats helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Leonard of UBS. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Dan Leonard: Thank you very much. I just want to make sure I understand all the moving pieces in China. I think you said the expectation is mid-single-digit growth for the year. How would you break that down between Life Sciences and Diagnostics?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. So for China, youre right, mid-single-digits for the full year. Life Sciences will be roughly low-single-digits growth and Diagnostics will be high-single-digits growth.
Dan Leonard: Appreciate that. And then on Diagnostics in China specifically, I appreciate you had that high teens result, a growth result in immunodiagnostics, but that was off of a high teens decline. So in aggregate, it doesnt seem like the business is growing a whole lot, but youre not overly concerned about volume-based procurement. It sounds like there are several offsets and youre bullish on the long-term. So I was hopeful that maybe you could help me reconcile some of those comments. Thank you.
Max Krakowiak: Yeah, I think thats right. We do remain very bullish on our immunodiagnostics franchise, not only in China, but globally. To your point on the comp, thats correct, those 2 KPIs were the right numbers. The thing I would mention though is weve been pretty consistent in saying that we were not expecting a huge jump from pent-up demand, right? Theres still only a certain amount of volume that can go through the hospitals from a testing perspective. And so what we have seen is that the third quarter does return to sort of normalized volumes from our testing business.
Dan Leonard: Thanks for the color.
Prahlad Singh: And even if you look at the full year, immunodiagnostics China will continue to grow double-digits.
Dan Leonard: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Arias of Stifel. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Daniel Arias: Good morning, guys. Thanks for get me in here. Max, just going back to applied genomics, the comp gets several points easier in the coming quarter. I think you were down year-over-year in 4Q last year. But, obviously, you are talking about these incremental pharma headwinds. So what sequentially are you expecting there? Does the low-double-digit decline this quarter moved to something lower? Or can you kind of be in that same neighborhood, just given the easier comp?
Max Krakowiak: Hey, Dan. No, I think it will  similar to the Life Sciences instrument side, we are not expecting much of a volume step-up, if anything maybe in the applied genomics side, there might be a little bit of pressure quarter-over-quarter from a sequential volume standpoint. And so, I do think it will continue to be pressured here in the fourth quarter, maybe even so a little bit more than what we saw in the third quarter.
Daniel Arias: Okay. And then maybe, Prahlad, just big picture. I mean, is the state of the end-market environment right now impacting your view on M&A? Are you more or less enthused about doing another deal and does the priority list of the preference list, does it change at all just given the way that things are moving around here? Just curious about your appetite for additional M&A here?
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, its a great question. We continue to keep our M&A pipeline right, and we continue to look for opportunities. Obviously, we are going to be very diligent in terms of the valuation, et cetera. But strategically, the fundamentals of the business that weve established are focused on growth, which is differentiated. Obviously, the market has shifted in the short-term, but we are focused on ensuring that, A, we can control what we can right now and also we continue to build for the future. So we will continue to be active. I think the timing is something that is not predictable because, as you know, we are not really always looking for targets which are out in the public environment.
Daniel Arias: Okay. Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question for today comes from Catherine Schulte of Baird. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Catherine Schulte: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe just on the comments on reexamining your midterm growth outlook. Is that more of a comment on the Life Sciences side of the business? Or do you think the Diagnostics side needs to be reevaluated as well?
Prahlad Singh: I think the way I would look at it, Catherine, is on the Diagnostics side, obviously, the applied genomics side of the business, where there is overlap with pharma/biotech. I would say that I would call out that, thats probably a component that we would look at. But outside of that, the immunodiagnostics, the neonatal business that that is not something that we would see any impact on.
Catherine Schulte: Okay. And then I just want to clarify your comments on reagents for the fourth quarter. I think you both said that those would be flat versus the third quarter. Is that on a dollar basis sequentially? How should we think about reagents year-over-year growth rate in the fourth quarter?
Max Krakowiak: Yeah. Hey, Catherine. So for the reagent standpoint, the flat is actually the growth performance year-over-year. In terms of a dollar change versus the third quarter, it will be slightly up versus the third quarter.
Catherine Schulte: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I will now hand back to Steve Willoughby for any further remarks.
Steve Willoughby: Thank you, Alex. I hope everyone has a good day, and were here all week. Take care.
Operator: Thank you for joining todays call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Revvity Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Alex, Ill be coordinating the call today. [Operator Instructions] Ill now hand over to your host, Steve Willoughby, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Stephen Willoughby: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Revvitys second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Prahlad Singh, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Max Krakowiak, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the safe harbor statements that we have outlined in our press release issued earlier this morning and also those in our SEC filings. Statements or comments made on this call may be forward-looking statements, which may include, but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the companys plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The companys actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested by any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of todays forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP measures during this call, which are not reconciled to GAAP, we will provide reconciliations promptly. Ill now turn it over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Prahlad Singh. Prahlad?
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Revvity has gone through a dramatic transformation over the last several years, which culminated with our rebranding midway through the second quarter. At the same time, the environment for some of the end markets we play in has also recently undergone significant changes. After multiple years of significant growth, our Life Sciences business is now facing new pressures due to softer demand from our pharma biotech customers globally, including in China. Our Diagnostics business has been improving as the year is progressing, which we expect to continue into the second half of the year. Despite these more challenging end-market conditions, we continued to perform well in the quarter and achieved our objectives. The 6% non-COVID organic growth was in line with our outlook, and the $1.21 of adjusted EPS we generated was slightly above our expectations. However, given the significance of the cautiousness we are seeing from our pharma biotech customers, we are realigning our expectations for the full year and now expect organic growth in the 4% to 6% range overall. We believe this remains meaningfully above market growth rates, driven by the uniqueness of what Revvity is. We are building the company for the long term, and well continue to fully invest in core projects that will drive the business in the future while being diligent and proactively managing our spend in some areas to align with the lower volumes we are seeing. The incremental cost actions we are taking currently represent approximately $30 million of savings on an annualized basis, bringing the impact from our total cost reduction efforts so far this year to be $60 million. We expect this to now result in approximately 29% operating margins and adjusted EPS in the range of $4.70 to $4.90 for the full year. While there is clearly more uncertainty in some of our markets as compared to 90 days ago, we have intended for this new outlook to account for this uncertainty and believe our actions will enable us to build from a position of strength in the years to come. While its been only approximately four months since we successfully completed our significant divestiture and only a little over two months since we fully transformed into Revvity, Im pleased to see that both our employees and our customers are strongly embracing the new company. Im also proud to be reporting our first full quarter of financial results as Revvity here for the second quarter, which will hopefully continue to result in even greater simplicity and transparency for our investors, enabling them to better comprehend the exciting and unique company we now are and a compelling financial profile we expect going forward. The distinctive makeup of the company was on display during the second quarter as our Diagnostics business performed well, growing in the high single digits organically, excluding COVID in the quarter, with particular strength in the immunodiagnostics globally, especially in China. We also continued to see strong performance from our newborn screening business, which again grew in the double digits despite continued global spot rate pressures. This is a testament to our R&D and commercial strategies, which lead to broader screening menus overall and our ability to consistently bring new assets to the market for rare diseases and help them get adopted by governments around the world. While this is important to us as a business financially, even more importantly, it makes us proud that we help play a key role in identifying babies who can potentially benefit from medical intervention at a very early stage of their lives. Im not sure there is a much greater purpose for our organization than this. One recent example of this is that the state of Ohio recently became the first state in the U.S. to require universal screening for Duchenne muscular dystrophy for all babies born in the state. With approximately 120,000 babies born in Ohio every year, its estimated that this screening will help identify approximately 12 babies with DMD annually. These newborns can now be treated and hopefully cured with novel gene therapies that are becoming available from the pharmaceutical community. In our Life Sciences business, while the market environment is more challenging than we had envisioned at the start of the year, our differentiated and high-value portfolio, innovative preclinical reagents, software and instrumentation is performing well and growing above broader market trends. This is particularly evident in our reagents and specialty pharma services business, which again grew double digits organically in the quarter. This is being offset by the pharma biotech softness more heavily impacting customer decision-making on CapEx investments such as instrumentation, new software contracts and the timing of finalizing new technology licenses and partnerships. This solid performance, in light of the dynamic market environment we are all facing currently, is exactly what Revvity was built for and is all about. While we are not immune to some of the macro pressures that exist, our unique portfolio and its leading positions in high-growth markets allows us to continue to deliver above-market performance through all macro environments. Over the past quarter, the Revvity team around the world shared in the excitement, energy and inspiration from our global launch in May. Apart from the modern and vibrant visual rebranding of our new company, we have taken on a spirit that is bold and courageous. This new shared direction is one that we have collectively aspired to over the last few years, and it is now a reality. Following our visit to the New York Stock Exchange to commemorate the rebranding and ticker symbol change, I have the opportunity to visit some of our sites around the world, including in the UK, Thailand, Korea and India. We talked about our vision for the new company. When I was in Mumbai, I also attended the thought leaders confluence, an exciting event hosted by the Revvity India team. I was able to share our brands story and discussed emerging trends with other industry leaders, drawing insights about the customers we serve in areas where we can further support their needs. With innovation at the center of our purpose to expand the boundaries of human potential through science, we have also recently created new leadership roles that will help us better achieve our goals. For example, we have appointed Arvind Sundar-Rajan as our new Vice President of Digital and Technology, responsible for advancing common capabilities across all markets and segments, from science to the cloud, from sample to answer. Moreover, we appointed Dr. Madhuri Hegde as Revvitys first Chief Scientific Officer to focus on driving our scientific strategy to translate relevant customer pain points into actionable solutions while enhancing our customer relationships with existing strategic partners. This focus on innovation was again evident this quarter as we announced our first nonexclusive license of our novel base editing technology, PinPoint, with AstraZeneca. It is exciting to begin to see this unique technology being embraced by one of our most strategic partners. I look forward to sharing even more with you on the commercial development of PinPoint over the coming months. In addition to PinPoint, novel innovation was on display across the business over the last few months, including our new automated indirect immunofluorescence test system, the UNIQO 160 from our EUROIMMUN business. This new system was recently launched in Europe and provides an all-in-one solution that reduces the amount of hands-on time necessary for our customers or our new SaaS-based Signals research suite software offering, which brings together several key pieces of preclinical development software all-in-one SaaS-based solution. This consistent drumbeat of significant innovation across the company is one of the key things I expect to set Revvity apart in the marketplace with our customers. These past several months have been just an initial glimpse of the drive, passion and commitment we have as a team at Revvity, and I simply could not be more confident in our future. Finally, weve continued to make progress with our organic investments and our external capital deployments during the quarter. While we continue to actively review attractive M&A opportunities, we did repurchase just over $200 million of shares in the quarter. So overall, I think the uniqueness of Revvity really shined through here in the second quarter as we were able to achieve our objectives despite increasing end-market pressures in some of our businesses. While our updated outlook is reflective of the more challenging macro environment we are all facing currently, I think the resiliency of Revvity is being proved and allowing us to stand out with our customers and our other stakeholders. With that, Ill now turn the call over to Max.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Thanks, Prahlad, and good morning, everyone. As Prahlad highlighted, we performed well in the quarter despite some greater-than-expected challenges, which we expect will likely continue over the remainder of the year. This is leading us to update our guidance for the full year to now expect mid-single digit non-COVID growth overall. The cost actions we have begun to put in place are in an effort to preserve our margins, but still be able to strongly reinvest for the future. While Ill touch more on the specifics of our new guidance in a moment, I would reiterate Prahlads comments that with this new outlook, we have intended to account for the increased uncertainty currently in the market and feel confident in our ability to achieve it. Despite these near-term pressures, it is a special time for Revvity, which I also got to see firsthand during the quarter as I was able to get out on the road to visit a number of our sites and customers around the world and share in the excitement as we launch our new company. I continue to be amazed at the impact and future potential our company has, helping expand the boundaries of human potential through science. As I begin to walk through our financial results, I want to remind everyone one last time that with our divestiture having been fully completed in mid-March, our financial results here in the second quarter only consists of those businesses under Revvity and completely exclude those that were divested. Overall, the business achieved our 6% non-COVID organic growth expectation despite the incremental pressures in our Life Sciences business. Our total adjusted revenue was $709 million, which was down 21% due to the significant drop in COVID-related revenues. FX Was neutral to our second quarter revenue, and we again had no incremental contribution from recent acquisitions. COVID revenue was de minimis in the quarter and declined meaningfully compared to the $3 million we generated in the first quarter. Given the immateriality COVID now represents, this will be the last quarter we plan to comment on it going forward. As it relates to our P&L, we generated 28.8% adjusted operating margins in the quarter overall, which was in line with our expectations. Operating margins were up from the 28% in the first quarter, driven by volume leverage, with adjusted gross margin of 62.4% in line with last quarter. We continue to see favorable net pricing of a little over 150 basis points, which is helping to offset the continued inflation we are seeing across parts of the business. For the full year, we still expect at least 100 basis points of net pricing realization for the company overall. Looking below the line, we had net interest expense and other of $8 million, which was a few million favorable to our initial expectations. This was driven by slightly more interest income than anticipated as we continue to reinvest the proceeds from our recent divestiture and benefit from rising rates. Our adjusted tax rate was 22.6% in the quarter, roughly in line with our expectations. We continue to repurchase some shares in the quarter, which Ill touch on more in a bit, resulting in an average diluted share count of 125.4 million for the quarter. This all led to adjusted EPS in the second quarter of $1.21. Moving beyond the P&L, we generated adjusted free cash flow of negative $61 million in the quarter, which on a year-over-year basis continue to be pressured from the drop in COVID revenues and roughly $127 million of outflows associated with one-time divestiture-related costs and rebranding activities. For capital deployment, we continue to remain active during the second quarter. We repurchased another 212 million of shares in the quarter, bringing our year-to-date buyback to nearly 290 million in total. We have also now deployed approximately $800 million year-to-date to properly align our short-term investments for the $1.2 billion of remaining debt we have maturing over the next 13 months, including the $500 million bond that is due in September. This resulted in our net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio being 2.5 times at the end of the quarter, which is down from the 2.7 times at the start of the year. I will now provide some commentary on our second quarter business trends, much of which is also included in the quarterly slide presentation on our Investor Relations website. The 6% non-COVID organic growth in the quarter was comprised of 3% growth in our Life Sciences segment and 8% in Diagnostics. Geographically, we grew in the low single digits in the Americas, low double digits in Europe and high single digits in Asia, with China growing in the mid-teens overall. Within China, the mid-teens growth overall was a significant improvement from the flat performance we had in the first quarter and was driven by very different end-market conditions as compared to what we experienced earlier in the year. In our Diagnostics segment, the immunodiagnostics portion of our business in China improved meaningfully as non-acute testing volumes continue to normalize. This resulted in mid-30% organic growth with this largest piece of our Diagnostics segment in the region. This was offset by a more pronounced slowing in our Life Sciences business in the region during the quarter. From an overall segment perspective, our Life Sciences business generated total adjusted revenue of $336 million in the quarter. This was up 3% year-over-year on both the reported and organic basis. From a customer perspective, our sales in the pharma biotech declined in the low single-digits organically in the quarter, which offset strong double-digit growth from our academic and government customers. The slight organic decline in revenue from our pharma biotech customers was driven by increased cautiousness in CapEx spending, which is impacting several pieces of our business. Our Life Sciences reagents and specialty pharma services continued to grow in the double digits, which was offset by a mid-single digit organic decline in Life Sciences instrumentation and a low double-digit organic decline in our software business that was driven by the off-cycle timing of renewals this year and the aforementioned CapEx spending pressures. Moving to our Diagnostics segment, we generated $373 million of total revenue in the quarter. This was down 34% on both the reported and organic basis year-over-year. On a non-COVID basis, the segment grew 8% versus a year ago. From a business perspective, our immunodiagnostics business grew in the strong double digits organically, excluding COVID, as the business in China grew more than 30%. It was great to see this business bounce back as we had anticipated once the hospitals work through their more acute care backlogs. We continue to expect volumes to fully normalize in the back half of the year, which would result in more modest double-digit year-over-year revenue growth over the remainder of the year. Additionally, outside of China, our immunodiagnostics business also continued to perform extremely well and grew in the high teens organically year-over-year. This strong level of global performance shows the underlying strength in these markets and our leadership position within them. In our reproductive health business, overall organic growth was slightly negative year-over-year, similar to the flat performance we saw last quarter. We again experienced double-digit growth in our newborn business, which was offset by the as-expected headwinds in our Revvity Omics genomic lab business. Finally, our applied genomics business declined in the mid-single digits organically, excluding COVID. Similar to last quarter, we saw a double-digit decline in instrumentation in this business as the market is continuing to digest the repurposing of equipment post-COVID. This was offset by the low single-digit growth and its related consumable and reagent portfolio. So now moving on to guidance. As we progress throughout the quarter, we saw trends from the pharma end market further degrade and begin to impact other areas of our business outside of instrumentation such as informatics, licensing and partnership and even to a smaller degree, our reagent and consumables, particularly in China. We are now taking the software trends into account in our updated guidance for the remainder of the year. While there is always the potential for an uptick in the end of year spending from our pharma customers for purchases that were delayed earlier in the year, our updated outlook does not assume an uptick will occur. We now expect that our non-COVID organic growth to be in the 4% to 6% range for the full year and expect FX and M&A to still have a neutral impact for the full year. This results in our 2023 total revenue now expected to be in the range of $2.8 billion to $2.85 billion. From a profitability perspective, as Prahlad mentioned, we are taking some further cost actions to build on what we started to put in place earlier in the year while continuing to invest in strategic growth priorities. With the benefit from the partial year impact of these cost actions, offset by the lower expected volumes, we are now anticipating our operating margins to be approximately 29% for the full year. Below the line, we are continuing to actively reinvest the funds from our recent divestiture and are benefiting from rising rates, which is resulting in favorable levels of interest income as compared to our prior assumptions. Given this, we now expect our net interest expense and other to be approximately $63 million for the full year, down from our prior $80 million expectation. While tax was slightly above our assumptions in the second quarter, we continue to expect it to average approximately 21% for the full year. Due to our share repurchase activity year-to-date, we now assume our full year diluted share count to average approximately 125 million, down 1 million shares from our previous outlook. While our primary focus for capital deployment remains strategic M&A, we will always continue to look to be judicious with our investments with an eye to maximizing long-term shareholder returns. This guidance now results in an expected adjusted EPS range of $4.70 to $4.90 for the full year and is detailed on the second to last page of our earnings presentation. As it pertains to pacing over the remainder of the year, we now expect non-COVID organic growth in the third quarter to be in line with our updated full year outlook. Given the timing of incremental cost actions and lower sequential volumes, we expect our operating margins this quarter to be approximately 28%, down slightly from the 28.8% we generated in the second quarter. Our net interest expense and other line will increase from Q2 levels as our cash balances will decline following significant tax payments in the upcoming maturity of our $500 million bond in mid-September. Consequently, we expect net interest expense and other to be approximately $12 million in the third quarter and then increase a similar amount sequentially in the fourth quarter. We expect our tax rate in the third quarter to likely be the lowest quarter of the year and be in the upper-teens percentage. We anticipate this to result in adjusted EPS for the third quarter to represent approximately 25% of our updated full year outlook. While we are not immune to the changing end-market environment, with the power of what Revvity has become, we are performing well on those items that are fully in our control. We continue to execute well commercially. Our innovation has never been stronger, and we are taking appropriate actions to preserve profitability while still strongly reinvesting back in strategic priorities for the future. With that, operator, we would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Patrick Donnelly of Citi. Patrick, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Patrick Donnelly: Great. Thanks for taking the question, guys. Maybe one on the margins there, Max. You talked a little bit about some new initiatives you guys are putting in place. Can you just expand a little bit on that? I know you guys have pretty significant opportunities on things like the supply chain side, maybe in-sourcing a bit more, and those take probably a little more time post some of the acquisitions youve done. So just curious what the near-term actions are, and again, how we should think about that implication into next year? It seems like the margin story for next year was pretty compelling, given stranded costs, things like that. So Im just trying to get a handle on the moving pieces here as we work our way through 23.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Patrick, so from a margin standpoint, in terms of the near-term cost actions that we are taking, I would consider this more from the OpEx line as we look to, I would say, more rightsize our costs given the current market conditions while still protecting our strategic investments that we need to make around areas of e-commerce, GMP, et cetera. But that near-term is going to be more on the OpEx side. As to your point, the gross margin expansion is really longer-term plays. As you look out to 2024, obviously, well have to see how the market turns here over the next couple of months and what that means for 2024. But for right now, I would say the thesis still on our op margin expansion of the 75 to 100 basis points is what our target is for next year.
Patrick Donnelly: Understood. Okay. And then maybe one on the China side. Obviously, that immunodiagnostics piece was a big focus for investors. Nice to see that come back, not surprisingly offset a little bit by the Life Science piece. Can you just kind of pull the curtain back, what are you expecting on the immunodiagnostic side now for the rest of the year? Obviously, the comp is pretty easy as you work your way through the back half. It seems like the trends are stable there. So yes, maybe just China expectations for the rest of the year, immunodiagnostics, Life Sci, what youre seeing there would be helpful. Thank you.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes, absolutely. So I think, Patrick, to your point, as we look at China, its really a tale of 2 cities right now as we look into the second half. So lets start first on the Diagnostics side, with immunodiagnostics being in the biggest piece there. It was great to see that exiting the second quarter. We were starting to get back to what we would consider more normalized volume from a China testing standpoint, which was in line with our expectation and we expect that momentum to continue in the second half. And so as we look at the second half, particularly for the immunodiagnostics business, we expect that to be close to an upper-teens growth rate in the second half. If you look though on the Life Sciences side, obviously, that has been more pressured. I think you heard some of the other commentary on the market environment there. Its obviously very challenging. As we look into the second half for the Life Sciences business, were probably expecting that to be slightly down in the low to mid-single-digit range versus the first half that was more in sort of a low-teens growth rate in the first half. So we are expecting to see some pressure there. However, if you look at Life Sciences on a multiple year CAGR since the start of the pandemic, even with the downturn in the second half, its still growing at a mid-teens CAGR over that time period. So we continue to be excited there. Its just given the second half right now, it will be a little bit pressured due to the market environment.
Prahlad Singh: Patrick, just to add to that, additionally, in China, the immunodiagnostics continued to do very well globally. So I think it was great to see China come back, but it also continues to do very well globally.
Patrick Donnelly: Yep, understood. Thanks a lot. Thanks, Max.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Leonard of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Daniel Leonard: Thank you and good morning. My first question, I wanted to clarify on China. What is your current view for China growth in aggregate in 2023? And how does that change from your prior view?
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So I think overall for China in the  for the full year, we expect it to be low double-digit. I would say that is slightly down from our previous assumption just given the pressures I just mentioned from a China Life Sciences standpoint. And we continue to be, I would say, excited about the progress that were making on the immunodiagnostics side.
Daniel Leonard: Thank you. And then for my follow-up, Max, you mentioned that in some areas of your instrument business, applied genomics specifically, theres a bit of a COVID digestion going on. How broad do you think that is across your instrument portfolio? And how long do you expect that digestion period could last?
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes, its a good question. So Id say on instruments more broadly across applied genomics, theres really two dynamics. One is we do sell applied genomics instrumentation to our pharma customers as well. So softness there is going to have an impact on our applied genomics instrumentation business. The second, to your point, is the COVID overhang that I was referring to in the prepared remarks. Now in terms of the duration, I think right now, what we have good line of sight is to for the second half of the year. And I think our guidance is baking in some of that conservatism. As we get closer to year-end, well see what that looks like in terms of the duration of the COVID overhang and also the current environment of pharma biotech.
Daniel Leonard: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Sykes of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Matthew Sykes: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for my question. Maybe just on sort of the pace of the slowdown that you saw towards the end of Q2 as you exited and then, in particular, sort of what youve seen this month now that were in August. Just trying to get a sense for the pace of sort of slowdown, particularly on the capital equipment side in China, just giving you the confidence to sort of extrapolate that pace into the full year guide that youve changed.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. He, Matt. So I would say from a pacing perspective, whats assumed in the midpoint of our guidance right now is the current market environment. So whether you want to call that the current July, the exit rate of Q2, that is what is embedded in the midpoint of our guidance. If you talk about it in terms of when we started to see some of the accelerated, I would say, softening from our previous guidance, it was really more so in June; and then in China, specifically really end of June, early July, where we started to see, I would say, more of a stronger deceleration throughout the course of the quarter.
Prahlad Singh: No, I think, Matt, overall, the guidance that we are putting out there is just trying to get ahead of any softer trends that we  what we just started to observe. And our assumption is that will continue at least for the second half of the year.
Matthew Sykes: Got it. Thanks for that. And then just for my follow-up, you guys have made some comments about the software business, and some of the weakness youre seeing there is due to the timing of multiyear renewals. But it sounds like you are also kind of tying it to some of the CapEx-type purchases that are going on and the weakness were seeing there. Could you maybe sort of give us a little more granularity on whats going on with software? Is it more about the timing of multiyear renewals? Or is there some softness tied to either instruments or other types of purchases from pharma biotech?
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Matt, so when we were coming into this year, right, as we were talking about our Signals business, we were already flagging that there was going to be issues from a timing of the multiyear renewals. And so coming into this year, from a software perspective, we were expecting software to grow mid-single digits, which is compressed from what its normally been of mid-teens. And again, this is on the backbone of sort of the renewal timing, if you will. Now as we look out for the course of the year, were probably calling our Signals business to be actually down mid-single digits for the year. The swing you are seeing there is the impact of a softer pharma biotech on the new orders as CapEx budgets impact both instruments, and we are also seeing it on the software side. So this new guidance basically derisks the new order go get of our Signals business for the second half.
Matthew Sykes: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Vijay Kumar: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Prahlad, maybe on guidance, I just want to make sure I heard this correctly. Organic was lowered by 300 basis points at the midpoint. Thats roughly in line with what weve seen in the group so far. I think maybe 50%, 60% of that cut was China. Is the remaining all coming from global biopharma? And if thats true, do you have some historical perspective on how long these cycles last?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, I think the way I would look at the guidance, Vijay, is that assume 400 bps of headwind from pharma biotech overall, which is offset by about 100 bps or stronger in immunodiagnostics. And I think the way I would look at it, of the 300 bps, 100 bps is essentially China Life Sciences softness. And I would say all of it is evenly split between instruments, reagents and the software piece that Max just talked on Matts question. So hopefully, that gives you a sense of how we are looking at it in terms of guidance for the second half.
Vijay Kumar: Thats helpful, Prahlad. Sorry, on any historical perspective on how long  when you have biopharma customers being cautious, how long these cycles last?
Prahlad Singh: I mean the way I would say it, you should  if you look at the current portfolio, its very different than what historically we have been used to. I think on  if you are in the QA/QC cycle, it would be a different perspective. But I would say probably a couple of quarters to three quarters is what our expectation is this will be. And again, lets keep in mind, 80% plus of our business is now on the reagents consumables side. So that downturn is not going to impact it as longer as if it was a much more CapEx-heavy business.
Vijay Kumar: Thats helpful, Prahlad. And Max, one for you. The third quarter operating margin of that 28%. You didnt mention cost actions. Are you not non-GAAP-ing out those cost actions or costs incurred for cost actions in third quarter? Maybe just walk us through why 3Q is stepping down from 2Q?
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So I think theres a couple of things that play, Vijay. So one, volume will actually be down quarter-over-quarter given the midpoint of our commentary on the third quarter number. So volume leverage is a piece of it. The second from a cost perspective, so the  some of this takes time, right? As I mentioned, this is incremental actions from what were taking from the beginning of the year. We do expect most of that benefit, I would say, to show up in the fourth quarter, Vijay, from a cost perspective. And then there are some actual strategic investments as well that we are making in the third quarter, again, that we do not want to delay, but we feel comfortable in our ability to hit our overall updated cost target for the full year.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Catherine Schulte of Baird. Catherine, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Catherine Ramsey: Hey guys. Thanks for the questions. As first, just how do you expect your genomics lab business to perform in the back half of the year? Any color on how new projects are shaping up there?
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Hey, Catherine. So I mentioned it a little bit on the software side, but its a similar story on the lab. So what we wanted to do for our updated guidance is to basically derisk what we had assumed in terms of new orders, both on the Signal side as well as the genomic lab side. In terms of the commercial activity, we still expect  its still going incredibly strong. Its a matter of when, not if these deals are going to close. Theres obviously the chance that they could push out to 2024. So we thought it would be better to derisk our second half guidance and assume essentially none of those new orders come in from a genomics labs perspective. And so we would expect similar growth rates or growth declines that we had in the first half to persist in the second half as weve derisked the forecast.
Catherine Ramsey: Okay. Got it. Thats helpful. And then as we think about your 10% midterm organic growth target, that assumed a stable macro environment, which we clearly are not in right now. But just given what were seeing, perhaps a return to trend line after a couple of years of outsized activity levels, do you still think that 10% target is the right number?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I think in the medium-term outlook, assuming  I think you pointed it out, assuming a stable macro environment, that is what our goal and target is. So yes, there is no change to that, again, assuming the stable market environment.
Catherine Ramsey: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jack Meehan of Nephron Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan: Good morning. So I wanted to continue on the China topic. Would just love to get your thoughts on the dynamics youre seeing in Life Sciences right now. Just what do you attribute this to in that region? Do you think this is just demand or lack of stimulus? Or are you seeing any areas of increased local competition in that business?
Prahlad Singh: I dont think its competition, Jack. I just think that there is  as you heard last week from our peers and from us today, there is just a softness. I mean there was a lot of noise and talk about the stimulus coming in. I mean there was some uptick from it, but that funding has not fully materialized. And I think you are seeing the impact of that because there was an assumption from all of us that, that stimulus was for real. And clearly, that hasnt panned out yet. And then I think we are all seeing the impact of that.
Jack Meehan: Got it. That makes sense. And then sticking with Life Sciences, the double-digit growth youre seeing in academic and government, can you talk about some of the regional trends that youre seeing there and just how you feel about the durability of this business?
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Hey, Jack. So from an academic and government standpoint, its actually been pretty balanced across all regions. So I would say all regions are growing safely in the double-digit range. So its not one region versus another. Coming into this year, we had a hunch that academic and government was going to be stronger, especially if you look at what had happened in Europe over the course of 2022 and with some of the stimulus that has been mentioned that we did see come through from the China side. So I would say its been relatively balanced performance across the board from an academic and government perspective.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Waldman of Cleveland Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Joshua Waldman: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Two for you. First, Prahlad, a follow-up on the ImmunoDx business outside of China. It sounds like it grew high teens, if I heard Max right. How is that versus your expectations? And any drivers you could point us to? Just curious if its more underlying growth in the end market or is it share gain, maybe menu expansion? And then how sustainable do you think this could be throughout the remainder of 23?
Prahlad Singh: Josh, I think its a combination of all of what you pointed out, right? The business continues to do well. There is still continued awareness around immunodiagnostics in autoimmune testing, which will  which has a lot more traction over the next few years. The new NPIs that they keep coming out with, the Uniqo 160 that I had talked about in my prepared remarks, thats getting a lot of traction. And I think the portfolio of the assays that they keep bringing to the market continues to have an impact. So I would say that the growth that we signed in the immunodiagnostics business outside of China was expected and is sustainable over the future. So feel really good about that business.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. And just to it from a numbers perspective, Josh, to your point, it was high teens in the first half. We expect the second half to be closer probably to low teens, which is still very strong performance. And so we expect that business to continue doing well.
Joshua Waldman: Got it. Then the Life Science reagent business continues to hold in well despite the softer pharma biotech end market. I guess, could you comment on the drivers here, maybe a comment on volume versus price mix? And then as we look forward, would you expect the softer instrument sales, maybe the softness in pharma biotech to eventually weigh on this business? Or is there enough kind of low-hanging fruit to drive sustainability and recent growth rates?
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So a couple of questions in there, Josh, Ill kind of unpack them here one by one. So the first one is as you look at the performance of reagents to your point, it was low double digits in the first half. In terms of the combination of volume and price, we did roughly a little bit more than 150 basis points of price overall in the first half. Our strongest portfolio in terms of pricing power is our reagents business, so you could assume its going to be slightly above that number. And so then that should help you give some perspective from a volume or somewhere in the high single-digit range from a volume perspective overall is probably a fair assumption. Then as you look in terms of the trends for the second half, I do think that the reagents business will be slightly pressured versus the first half performance. So our current midpoint assumption has the business going from low double digits in the first half to more of a mid-single-digit performance in the second half. However, I will note, though, that if you were to look at this on a two-year stack basis for our reagents business, it was low double digits in the first half. It will still be low double digits in the second half. So its a relatively fair comparison on a year-over-year comp basis. Its just we have a tougher comp in the back half of the reagents.
Joshua Waldman: Got it. I appreciate it, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Cooper of Raymond James. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Cooper: Hey, everybody. Thanks for the questions. A lot has already been asked. Maybe just first, if you could give a little bit more color, peel back the onion a little bit on some of the CapEx tightening? Are there particular products or segments of products that are holding up better or were surprising versus expectations, whether its higher end, higher dollar, lower? Any context there would be super helpful.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes, Andrew, I dont know that I would say anything has been different from our expectations, right? So instruments is obviously a group that has been hit hard by the pharma biotech CapEx. Youve got the new software and genomics deals that I mentioned earlier that have been hit by, I would say, the more cautious spending level from the pharma customers. Reagents has probably hung in better than both those two, but its not like that is also completely immune, especially when you look at the pre-revenue from our biotech customers, we are seeing reagent volumes drop there year-over-year. And so I would say its been relatively consistent from our expectation. I dont think theres any surprises from what were seeing in terms of the broader CapEx caution from the pharma biotech customers.
Andrew Cooper: Okay, great. And then maybe just one follow-up. When I do the quick math on the EBIT drop down in terms of the guidance change, its about 60% in the new guide versus the old. I guess, give us a little bit of context when we think about that $30 million annualized, how we should think about that drop down trending and what that looks like in a little bit more normalized environment relative to your point, some of the spend that you plan for 3Q and the rest of this year that you dont want to delay?
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes, Andrew, Im not sure I completely follow your math there on the EBIT drop. In terms of looking at the cost actions and how we think about that, again, I dont know that I have too much further color to add other than the fact that we are continuing to be prudent in our cost management given the market conditions and want to maintain our margin profile. But what  and yet we are still very much protecting our core strategic investments that were going to need for the next couple of years for our business.
Andrew Cooper: Okay, Ill stop there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Brennan of TD Cowen. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Daniel Brennan: Great. Thanks. Thanks for the questions, guys. Maybe just back to biopharma, could you just give us a little color between emerging biopharma and mid-large kind of what youre seeing there? And then kind of what feedback are you hearing thats kind of whats driving the weakness, particularly for the mid-large customers? Obviously, macro is choppy here, but this group is viewed to be more of a stable customer. So Im just wondering kind of what youre hearing from the front line.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, I think as you know them, our pre-revenue biotech pharma is a very, very small component of our business. And we  that was already being highlighted as being pressured early in the first half of the year. So I dont think that there is much change. I think the way I would sort of color the mid-large biopharma biotech is the pause, the caution and the delay in terms of CapEx spending. And then that is what is basically driving the  being influenced by the macro environment that we are all seeing. So I would say its across the board, but it is having an impact primarily on the organic, on the CapEx investments that our customers are looking at making. And I think the delay in that is what is that we are accounting for in the second half of our forecast.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Agreed. Yes, Im just going to elaborate on some numbers for you there. So in terms of the pre-revenue, as Prahlad mentioned, it is a small piece of our portfolio. Its 10% of our Life Science business. And so if you look in the first quarter, it was down mid-teens. Second quarter, it was down closer to upper 20%. And then the large pharma or midsize pharma in the second quarter was growing low single digits. And then if you unpack that further, instruments for the large and midsize was probably down high single digits; and reagents was on the flip side, up high single digits as they continue to drive lab activity. And so thats how I would break it down from a numbers perspective for you.
Daniel Brennan: Great. And then maybe just a follow-up, just on the guide. The guidance reduction completely not surprising given what weve seen so far. Its actually more modest than what weve seen so far from the peers. Prahlad, I think I heard you discuss earlier that in terms of trends in the quarter, it was really June where the weakness occurred and you guys are assuming kind of where we are today in July kind of persists. So I guess the question is, how do investors view like the cushion per se that you may have baked in the back half of the year. I guess youre assuming kind of where we are today is stable and thats it, so things dont get worse. So just kind of wondering if youve kind of incorporated any kind of further weakening possibly in the back half of your implied guidance. Thanks.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Hey, Dan. So if we take a step back and look at our guidance overall, we wanted to be more cautious given the dynamic macro environment. So the 4% to 6% range is driven by really the uncertainty surrounding Life Sciences, with the midpoint being aligned to todays current market and the low end providing cushion in case things get worse. Conversely, on the upside if things get better, that would push us closer to the upper range of our new guidance. I would say, additionally, we did really want to derisk the second half assumption on new software, genomics and licensing deals with our pharma customers. Again, the commercial pipeline there looks strong, but I think there are some questions around the timing of when these might get signed. And given the chance that they might get pushed out to 2024, we wanted to, again, derisk the second half assumption related to those business.
Daniel Brennan: Great. Thanks, Max.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Just the first one, whats your overall instrumentation as a percentage of the portfolio? And how much was that just down in aggregate?
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So we look at the total instrumentation for the portfolio, I would say, its roughly about 30%, Derik. And if you look at it in terms of the overall performance, I would say it was down, what was it, mid-single digits here in the first half  second quarter, excuse me.
Derik De Bruin: Got it. Okay. So just going back, sorry to repeat on this, but Im just sort of trying to digest what everybody means by macro because, I mean, our economists are sort of getting a little bit more less likely on recession, peoples numbers see be picking up, yet the pharma industry seems to be having some issues. So Im just curious on what is  can you differentiate what is just  what was just excess spending during COVID, right? Does extra spending because times are flush and everybody had money versus a new sense of concern, caution because people worry about the regulatory environment, IRA, or whatever it is. Im just trying  can you differentiate between what is like excess spend in that market? Was there  and have you noticed any difference between U.S. and European pharma? So thanks.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mean I think that is a broad question, and I think Ill try to sort of give color on what our observation is. I think in terms of the question around the excess spending, I think if there was desire to get instrumentation or upgrade their lab in terms of automation or adding extra liquid handling capability or more imaging capabilities or more QA/QC capabilities, thats where the flush funds were leveraged and utilized. And I think that is what the normalization, to some extent, of that is going to happen more in the second half. In terms of the question around Europe versus U.S., I would say that probably Europe has been a little bit more careful and cautious in its spending than the U.S.
Derik De Bruin: Got it. Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Arias of Stifel. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Daniel Arias: Yes, good morning. Thanks for the questions here. Prahlad, maybe just rounding out the commentary on the portfolio, can you just add some color to whats taking place in the Pharma Services business? How would you compare the demand that youre seeing for genomics versus sell-on development versus some of the other applications like viral vectors? Obviously, anything that helps triangulate biopharma is just helpful right now. And then as an add-on, Im curious how OneSource is doing in this environment.
Prahlad Singh: So I can tell you on the first one. The second one, unfortunately, Dan, you will have to go to the owners of OneSource. I wont be able to help you on that one. But on the first one, I would say that we have a very active pipeline. We have a very strong pipeline, and theres a lot of discussions going on. And I think, as Max has pointed out a couple of times, what weve tried to do is assess the timing to the best of our ability in terms of when some of these will materialize and try to derisk our forecast for the second half to the best of our ability.
Daniel Arias: Okay. Totally fair. Then Id ask you to comment on a business that you did not own anymore. Max, on the cost reduction. Simply if you think about the split on
Prahlad Singh: But actually, I do want to point out, Dan  sorry, I do want to point out since you did bring up OneSource that today is the one-year anniversary of when we signed the deal exactly a year ago. And I think as a company, we could not be prouder of how weve executed in terms of closing on that deal, ensuring a smooth close and sort of switching over to what we are today in terms of remedy. So thank you for that.
Daniel Arias: Sure. Absolutely. Congratulations on the milestone there. If I could just sneak one more in, Max. How should we think about the split of what youre doing when it comes to the cost reductions, Life Sciences versus Diagnostics? I dont know if youre interested in talking about segment margins, but it would just be helpful to know what kind of mix to assume there on spending changes. Thanks.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Thanks, Dan. I would say that its probably going to be in the areas where we are seeing the greatest amount of market pressures. Theres some, I would say, just general overhead, but for the most part, it is the line to maybe where we are seeing the pressures from a top line perspective. And so as you look kind of in the segment margins in the second half, I wouldnt expect too much volatility from sort of where they are directionally right now in the first half with Life Sciences being sort of in the upper 30% range; and youve got the Diagnostics business, which is going to be probably closer to a mid-20s here in the second half.
Daniel Arias: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rachel Vatnsdal from JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Hi, thanks for taking the questions, you guys. Theres been a lot of pharma biotech questions, so I thought maybe Id shift over to M&A. You guys mentioned some of the share repurchases this quarter and that M&A still remains a priority. So can you just talk about how youre thinking about the current M&A environment? Valuations have come in pretty meaningfully in the last six to nine months here. So what are you seeing in the marketplace? And then are there any pockets that youre most interested in?
Prahlad Singh: Rachel, I mean, again, as we pointed out, my answer is going to be no different than what youve heard I say before, we have an active pipeline. We continue to have discussions. I think at the right time, we will move forward. At the end of the day, the market environment is softer in terms of the external market. But as you know typically our focus areas that we do operate in, our founder owner company. And generally, they tend to remain immune and resilient to the marketplace. So hopefully, we are able to execute on something, but we will continue to be diligent in our search.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great. And then just one follow-up. You mentioned that reagents were weaker in China this quarter. Can you kind of clarify for us what did reagents grow in China? And then what are your latest expectations for the year for reagents in China as well? Thank you.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Hey, Rachel. So from a reagent standpoint, in the second quarter, they were growing low single digits positively. As we look out into the second half, we would expect that to probably flip to a low single-digit to mid-single digit decline with the biggest external factor there being the CRO volumes, specifically in China is where we are facing the biggest headwinds.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Liza Garcia from UBS. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Garcia: Great Thanks so much for speaking in guys. Just sticking on the topic of China, I guess, thinking a little bit more broadly on China, if you could just remind us kind of where we sit on the localization of manufacturing for EUROIMMUN, just given kind of  just how to tumultuous COVID has been in everything. I guess any perspective just kind of where China sits on the kind of localization and time lines there and if you guys have any perspective there and how to think about that. Its a little bit of a broad-based question, but Ill kind of leave it there.
Prahlad Singh: Sure, Liza. I think as you know and you probably heard on the reproductive health side, majority of our products have moved to China and are in China for China. On the EUROIMMUN side, I would say probably 25% of our products are in China for China. The rest, we continue to move. And of course, the NMPA approval process is what becomes a more of a timing factor. And I would expect that over the next couple of years to two to three years, most of what we think needs to be moved to China will be moved to China. Its not a CapEx issue. The building, the facilities and all are ready and already invested in. Its just more from a timing perspective to get the studies done there and submission of NMPA and getting the approvals from there.
Elizabeth Garcia: Great, which is helpful. And just squeezing one last one in, if I can. Just thinking about just e-commerce objectives, I know that you guys are sub-10% on that. But kind of just thinking about that kind of over the longer term and kind of just given kind of the cost initiatives, the 75 to 100 bps still kind of the right kind of medium-term outlook to kind of think about for you guys over the longer-term algorithm and kind of how to think about that. Thats probably a Max question, but Ill kind of leave it there.
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So maybe just to address the first  one part of that question in terms of the operating margin expansion, yes, the 75 to 100 basis points is still what we are planning in terms of our midterm margin expansion targets. Obviously, we will have to see what happens from a market perspective. But as of today, that is still our assumption. To your question on e-commerce, it continues to be an area we are very excited about. We continue to make great strides there. We will be having sort of the launch of our new e-commerce platform here in the first quarter of next year. And then Europe will be shortly following on sort of a six to nine-month lag from an e-commerce platform perspective, but we do expect that to be a continued area of opportunity for us as a company.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we currently have no further questions. So Ill hand back to Steve Willoughby for any further remarks.
Stephen Willoughby: Thanks, Alex, and thanks, everybody, for all your great questions today. We look forward to catching up over the remainder of the week. Talk soon.
Operator: Thank you for joining todays call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-11 14:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Q1 2023 Revvity, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Alex, and I'll be today for the call today. [Operator Instructions] 
 I'll now hand over to your host, Steve Willoughby, SVP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Stephen Willoughby: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Revvity's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. On the call with me today are Prahlad Singh, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Max Krakowiak, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone of the safe harbor statements that we have outlined in our press release issued earlier this morning and also those in our SEC filings. Statements or comments made on this call may be forward-looking statements which may include, but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested by any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. 
 During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during the call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP measures during this call, which are not reconciled to GAAP, we will provide reconciliations promptly. 
 I'll now turn it over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Prahlad Singh. Prahlad? 
Prahlad Singh: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. It is great to be speaking to all of you for the first time as Revvity. We are here in Dallas today as we are hosting a global gathering of employees to officially launch the new company and brand this week. Our objective is to not only familiarize and engage our employees with the new brand but also to organize and collaborate in person for the first time as a collective group since before the pandemic. 
 The past 3 months have been incredibly busy as we have officially closed the latest chapter of our transformation. As you likely saw earlier this week, we launched Revvity as our new brand after receiving shareholder approval to change our company's name in late April. 
 To change the name and brand identity for a public company with a roughly $3 billion in revenue and over 11,000 employees is a significant undertaking but one that I'm confident in our ability to execute well, and I couldn't be more excited for what the future of Revvity holds. This follows the successful completion of the divestiture of our Analytical and Enterprise Solutions business in mid-March, which was also quite the undertaking in and of itself. 
 To give you some quick perspective of the process it entailed, we have to successfully transfer 96 separate facilities; create approximately 40 new legal entities; sign, convey or separate roughly 2,000 different contracts; and change the employer for over 5,500 people. Needless to say, it required substantial effort by many, and I'm proud that we completed this successfully and on time. 
 At its core, the vision for Revvity is founded on a belief that what is believed to be impossible can instead serve as our inspiration to help customers make new breakthrough scientific discoveries. Revvity is about being a leader in helping revolutionize science at an accelerated speed to improve people's lives everywhere.
 As you know, challenging limits and reimagining the impossible are key to advancing science, but being able to do so rapidly, whether in the R&D lab or in the clinic, can have a profound impact on the development of a new drug or the next treatment for a patient. Not only will these elements be key to our success, but we will also further build solutions and technologies that cross over between our Life Sciences and our Diagnostics businesses. 
 We are increasingly seeing how the interplay across the health spectrum is shaping our customers' approaches to solving their greatest challenges. For example, as genomics and multiomics become even more established in pharmaceutical and academic research and development, we are focused on providing specific high-value tools that help bring this new science to life, while also being a leading innovator of difficult-to-develop clinical assays and systems.
 And if we look at our Life Sciences business today, we not only help our customers invent the next groundbreaking therapeutics, but also support their development to the point, they can enter human clinical trials. In the not-too-distant future, we will aim to work with our customers as they work to bring these new offerings all the way to commercialization. On top of that, we can combine some of the same innovative science with our robust know-how of developing novel diagnostic tools and assays, providing vital information to help specifically identify those patients who stand to benefit the most from these new therapies and cures. 
 This is what's so exciting about Revvity. We are in a unique position to embrace the impossible to improve lives everywhere. 
 While Revvity was borne from a significant portfolio transformation over the last few years, I think what is less known and more difficult to see externally is how much the company has also transformed internally at the same time. We have made meaningful progress in operating efficiency, R&D productivity, talent, diversity and development and company culture. Despite the impressive performance so far, we are still just scratching the surface of our potential.
 In terms of how the business is performing today, we generated 6% organic growth in 1Q '23, excluding COVID, which was against a strong 13% comparison from a year ago. As we look ahead to the remainder of the year, while there are always moving pieces, we remain optimistic that the company is now extremely well positioned to outperform our underlying market growth and peer set in all types of macro environments. 
 The 6% organic growth in the quarter, which was at the high end of our implied guidance, was despite our immunodiagnostics business in China, which represents 5% to 6% of our total company revenue, being softer than what we saw during 4Q and softer than our expectations coming into the quarter. This piece of our business has been significantly impacted by both the lockdowns and the subsequent infection wave following the reopening. 
 While daily life appears to have returned to normal in the country, the non-acute diagnostic testing that we support still has not fully recovered. We continue to expect it to take until the second half of the year to more fully return to normal, which is consistent with our previous commentary and expectations. 
 With that being said, we are expecting sequential improvements in absolute demand in 2Q in our Diagnostics business in China. We were more than able to offset this continued pressure on our Diagnostics business in China as the rest of the company performed stronger than anticipated.
 Our Life Sciences business grew in the high single digits overall, with low double-digit growth in reagents and an as-expected mid-single-digit decline in our Informatics business due to the previously mentioned timing of renewals this year. 
 Our Diagnostics business grew in low single digits overall despite the pressures in China as our immunodiagnostics business outside of China, which is 3 to 4x the size of the business in China, grew in the mid-teens in the quarter. I think this shows the underlying strength and potential of this franchise once we get through the patient accessibility issues we faced over the last year or so. 
 Revvity is a company that will be leading with innovation, and that was again apparent here in 1Q. At the SLAS conference in February, we launched the EnVision Nexus, which is the next-generation version of our most sophisticated multimode plate reader, which has dedicated and optimized reagents and software, providing a complete solution for our customers right from launch. Additionally, we are making good progress on our technology partnership and licensing opportunities and expect to be able to share more details later this year. 
 Finally, we have a robust near-term pipeline of additional new product introductions slated for over the remainder of the year across our businesses, which we are excited about and look forward to getting in customers' hands soon. 
 As it pertains to our impact on the world overall, we are continuing to make good progress on our ESG journey, which is an integral part of Revvity and was reflected in a recent noteworthy improvement on our ESG rating with Moody's, which put us well above our peer group overall. And now that we've officially launched Revvity, we will look to get our current emission reduction targets certified by the Science-based Targets Initiative in the coming months. 
 With the divestiture now complete, we have been busy preparing for, and starting to take steps, to redeploy the proceeds from the deal. While Max will share more details, we are appropriately aligning our balance sheet to maximize returns while also planning for upcoming debt maturities over the next 16 months. We have also recently increased our flexibility to opportunistically repurchase shares should we choose with a new $600 million authorization from our Board to replace what was left on our prior authorization. 
 However, our primary focus for capital deployment continues to be towards inorganic investment while also taking into account some of the incremental organic investments we are beginning to undertake, such as a new e-commerce platform and planning for additional GMP capacity. 
 In closing, Revvity's future is extremely bright. We look forward to continuing to serve as a visionary partner to help solve the greatest health challenges, while also delivering market-leading financial performance at scale. With strong organic revenue growth and mid-teens adjusted EPS growth expected over the medium term, Revvity is poised to make a lasting and unique impact on the world in many ways going forward. 
 With that, I'll now turn the call over to Max. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Thanks, Prahlad, and good morning, everyone. As Prahlad highlighted, it was a significant and transformational accomplishment to successfully complete the divestiture of our Analytical and Enterprise Solutions businesses during the first quarter. This was followed by officially launching the new brand as Revvity revenue just 2 days ago. There has been a tremendous amount of work and effort by so many over the last few years to complete this transformation of the business. But at the same time, it also feels like we are now just getting started and beginning to scratch the surface of our full potential. 
 It is a unique opportunity to name an existing business, and I'm excited about how the name Revvity links to our company's purpose. Rev comes from the concept of revolutionizing, while vity stems from the Latin word vita, which translates to life. This ability to help our customers revolutionize human life through science is both a humbling and energizing experience not only for me personally but for our entire company. 
 As I begin to walk through our financial results, I wanted to remind you that all of my following commentary completely excludes the business that we divested and only includes our Life Sciences and Diagnostics businesses, which now make up Revvity. 
 Overall, the business performed well in the first quarter. Our adjusted revenues were $675 million, which was down 30% due to the significant drop in COVID-related revenues compared to a year ago. On a non-COVID basis, our organic growth was 6%, which was at the upper end of our expectations despite a slower-than-expected recovery so far in our China Diagnostics business. FX was a 3% headwind, which was a point worse than we had expected, and we had no contribution from recent acquisitions. 
 As previously mentioned, while we are now excluding all COVID revenue from our expectations and guidance, we did generate $3 million of COVID-related revenue in the first quarter, which is obviously a dramatic reduction from the $310 million of COVID-related revenue we had in the first quarter a year ago. As seen in the first quarter, we expect our COVID revenues going forward to be de minimis, which is why we are -- they are no longer included in our guidance. 
 As it relates to the P&L, we generated 28% adjusted operating margins in the quarter overall. This was driven by adjusted gross margins of 62.4% as we continue to see progress on our supply chain productivity and pricing initiatives. This was partially offset by product mix given that aforementioned headwinds in our Diagnostics business in China were greater than we had planned. As for pricing, we generated around 200 basis points of net price realization in the quarter as we started to lap some of the more significant pricing efforts we implemented a year ago. For the full year, we continue to expect at least 100 basis points of net pricing realization for the company overall. 
 Looking below the operating line, we had net interest expense and other of $27 million in the quarter, and our adjusted tax rate was 21.5%. This all resulted in adjusted EPS in the first quarter of $1.01, which is at the upper end of our expectations. 
 Moving beyond the P&L, we generated adjusted free cash flow of $51 million in the quarter which, on a year-over-year basis, was pressured significantly from the meaningful drop in COVID-related revenues. Additionally, we had approximately $80 million of cash outflows related to our divestiture, rebranding and pension-related expenses. So on a normalized basis, our cash flow performance is off to a strong start so far this year. 
 With regard to capital deployment, we've been much more active so far this year as we've deployed over $800 million year-to-date, which includes $130 million of share repurchases and approximately $700 million towards preparing for our $1.2 billion of remaining short-term debt maturities over the next 16 months. We continue to expect to arrange additional investments to align with these upcoming maturities over the coming weeks. 
 This left us with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio of 1.9x at the end of the quarter which is down from 2.7x at the end of the year and down from 2.3x a year ago. We are very well positioned from a capital structure standpoint and have ample flexibility to pursue those investments we believe are in the best long-term interest for our shareholders. 
 I'd now like to provide some commentary pertaining to our first quarter business trends. You'll see on our investor website a new quarterly earnings related slide deck that has been revamped for Revvity to provide some additional information on the financial performance of the company. 
 The 6% non-COVID organic growth generated in the quarter was comprised of 9% growth in our Life Sciences segment and 3% in Diagnostics. Geographically, we grew in the low single digits in the Americas, low double digits in Europe and mid-single digits in Asia Pac, with flat performance in China overall. 
 Within China, we continue to see greater than 20% year-over-year organic growth in our Life Sciences business, which was offset by the larger than anticipated headwinds from the reopening-related infection wave on our diagnostics business. Overall, our Diagnostics segment in China declined in the low double digits, with immunodiagnostics declining in the high teens, which was worse than our low double-digit decline expectation. While we expect trends to improve sequentially in the second quarter for this pressure part of our Diagnostics business in China, we still do not expect volume trends to begin to fully normalize until the second half of the year, consistent with our previous expectations.
 From a segment perspective, our Life Sciences business generated adjusted total revenue of $328 million in the quarter. This was up 7% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 9% on an organic basis against a strong 19% year ago comparison, and represented 49% of total company revenue overall. 
 From a customer perspective, our sales in the pharma/biotech grew in the mid-single digits, while sales to academic and government grew in the strong double digits organically year-over-year. 
 As it pertains to pharma/biotech, which makes up approximately 75% to 80% of our revenue in the Life Sciences segment, our business today is predominantly focused on preclinical R&D workflows, such as content development, discovery and target identification, target verification and preclinical QA/QC. Consequently, we are not overly impacted by changes or reductions in the number or scope of clinical trials but rather the amount of activity actually being performed in our customers' R&D labs. 
 In the first quarter, we saw continued strength in this earlier-stage R&D across our large midsized customers that make up the vast majority of our revenue. We did start to see some softening in trend from our smaller pre-revenue customers we estimate represent approximately 5% of total company revenue. 
 From a product perspective, our research reagents and specialty pharma services continued their strong performance and again grew in the low double digits organically in the quarter. Instrumentation and related services exceeded expectations by growing in the low double digits, while informatics declined in the mid-single digits in line with our expectations due to pressure from the timing of multiyear contract renewals. Despite this modest decline, our informatics business is still up in the teens on both a 2- and 3-year average basis.
 Moving to our Diagnostics segment. We generated $347 million of total revenue in the quarter. This was down 47% year-over-year and down 44% organically due to the significant drop in COVID-related revenues versus a year ago. As previously mentioned, on a non-COVID basis, the Diagnostics business grew 3% versus a year ago. Excluding the low double-digit non-COVID organic decline, our overall Diagnostics business in China experienced in the quarter, our remaining diagnostics franchise outside of China would have grown 6% year-over-year. 
 From a business perspective, our reproductive health business was flat overall organically in the quarter, a slight improvement from the modest year-over-year declines we saw last quarter. We saw strong growth in our neonatal business, which offset declines in our genomic lab businesses. While we had seen a small positive inflection in birth rate trends this time a year ago, over the last several quarters, including here in the first quarter, we've seen the number of babies being born unfortunately begin to slow again. Our continued success with bringing novel new products to market and getting them on approved testing menus continues to be our playbook to help offset these continued demographic pressures. 
 On a non-COVID basis, our immunodiagnostics business grew in the mid-single digits overall and was up mid-teens when excluding China. Our immunodiagnostics business in China, which represents around 20% to 25% of our overall immunodiagnostics business and 5% to 6% of total company revenue, declined in the high teens organically when excluding COVID which, as mentioned, was worse than our low double-digit expectation.
 Given the non-acute nature of our immunodiagnostics testing business, as we had previously cautioned, it appears a rebound in this type of care is likely to come as a lag to other more acute medical needs that needs to be addressed more immediately. While we are expecting a meaningful sequential improvement in the second quarter, we still do not expect a full normalization in demand to be realized until the second half of the year. 
 Finally, our applied genomics business slightly declined year-over-year on a non-COVID basis in the quarter, similar to its performance in the fourth quarter. Despite this slight year-over-year decline, this still resulted in double-digit average growth on both the 2- and 3-year average basis. Similar to last quarter, we continue to see double-digit organic growth in consumables, while instrumentation declined in the low double digits year-over-year, as it continues to go through an adjustment period, which could last all of 2023. 
 Now moving on to guidance. we performed at the upper end of our expectations during the quarter despite some greater-than-expected headwinds in our Diagnostics business in China. We also successfully navigated the completion of the divestiture of our Analytical and Enterprise Solutions businesses, and began our initial capital redeployment activities. 
 As we look ahead to the remainder of the year, we continue to expect it to be a very strong year overall but are adjusting our non-COVID organic growth outlook to now be in the high single-digit range year-over-year to account for the dynamic market environment we are now all clearly facing. While there remains a path to the 9% organic growth we initially expected at the beginning of the year, we felt it would be prudent to take a slightly more conservative approach to our outlook given the slower-than-expected ramp in our Diagnostics business in China so far this year, and what appears to be some increased uncertainty among some in pharma/biotech and the Genomic lab industries. 
 We are still expecting FX to have a neutral impact to the full year and no impact from M&A. We are only taking into account in our guidance the modest $3 million of COVID revenue we did in the first quarter, which all results in our 2023 total revenue now expected to be in the range of $2.9 billion to $2.94 billion. From a profitability perspective, we continue to expect 30% operating margins this year, unchanged from our previous guidance. 
 Below the line, we have a few moving pieces which largely offset each other. First, now that we have received the proceeds from our recent divestiture, we are actively working on repatriating those funds to the most appropriate geographic jurisdictions to be effectively redeployed in the future. This process is already underway and is likely to take at least through the end of the year to be fully complete. In the meantime, we have already begun to reinvest some of the proceeds as we have repurchased approximately $130 million of shares year-to-date. We have also been appropriately aligning and investing our excess cash to fund our upcoming debt maturities over the next 16 months. 
 Given the more favorable interest rate environment as of late and the fixed nature of all of our debt, we now expect net interest expense and other to be approximately $80 million this year, down from our prior $90 million expectation. However, this is being largely offset by a slightly higher expected tax rate of 21% compared to our previous 20% outlook, as the impact from our strategic tax planning initiatives that are already underway will largely fall outside of 2023.
 With our year-to-date share repurchases, we now expect our average shares outstanding for the year to be approximately 126 million, down 0.5 million shares from our previous outlook. At this point, we are not assuming any future repurchases or reductions in our share count in our guidance but do plan to remain flexible with our capital deployment activities to ensure our actions maximize long-term shareholder value creation. 
 All of this guidance now results in an expected EPS range of $4.85 to $5.05 for the full year and is detailed on the second to last page of our earnings presentation. 
 For pacing throughout the year, we now expect non-COVID organic growth in the second quarter to be fairly similar to the first quarter as Diagnostics volumes are still working to fully recover and to account for some of the increased market uncertainties that have recently been highlighted in certain areas. We continue to expect our non-COVID organic growth to improve in the back half given an anticipated return to normal in our Diagnostics business in China, and a return to growth in our software business. As for margins, we expect in the second quarter to be up sequentially from the 28% we generated in the first quarter and slightly and below our full year outlook. 
 Below the line, we expect second quarter to represent the lowest quarter of the year for our net interest income given will have an entire quarter of our cash being reinvested, resulting in about half of the net interest expense as compared to $27 million we incurred here in the first quarter. We expect our net interest expense to increase sequentially in the third and further increase again in the fourth quarter. 
 As for tax, we expect the second quarter to represent the high point for our adjusted tax rate for the year and likely to come in approximately 100 basis points or so above our updated 21% full year outlook. We expect this to result in adjusted EPS in the second quarter to represent approximately 24% of our updated full year outlook. 
 With that, operator, we would now like to open up the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Patrick Donnelly of Citi. 
Jason Cassorla: You got Jason on for Patrick. Maybe first, just on China, you noted a little bit worse than you had initially anticipated there in immunodiagnostics. I guess maybe just talk to what you're seeing there on the ground and kind of what the expectation is for the second quarter. 
Prahlad Singh: Again, as Max said in his prepared remarks, China was coming into the quarter slightly worse than what our expectations were. But we've started seeing signs of improvement there, and as we've said, we expect the full normalization to come back into the second half of the year. 
Jason Cassorla: Got it. Okay. And then maybe just on the applied genomics business. Just thinking about that ramp throughout the year, I think you had guided 1Q to be similar to that of 4Q. So just what are we expecting there for the remainder of the year? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. That's correct, Jason. So the first quarter did play out similar to the fourth quarter of last year. And I think as we look out for the rest of the year, we're probably anticipating that to be in sort of the low single digits. Obviously, we're sort of -- there is a little bit of instrumentation challenges and headwinds that we had coming into this year, and that is playing out as expected. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Catherine Schulte from Baird. 
Catherine Ramsey: Congrats on becoming Revvity. I guess, first, you saw a deceleration in pharma and biotech after several quarters of double-digit growth there. Can you just talk to what kind of trends you're seeing? How much were the pre-revenue customers down? And how do you expect that market to play out for the rest of the year? And I guess maybe just given the investments you've made on the cell and gene therapy side specifically, any comments on that market category? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So from a pharma/biotech perspective, I'd say maybe a couple of dynamics to call out. So I'd say first is that from an instrumentation standpoint, we actually exceeded expectations here in the first quarter, growing in the low double digits. Now I do expect that those spending levels, we're expecting to be a little bit more cautionary in the second quarter, and that is factored into our current guidance. And then if you look at the reagents business, the reagents continue to perform very well in the first quarter, and we expect that to continue for the rest of the year. So it did low double digits here in the first quarter, and we're pleased by the performance of that group. 
 To your second question on sort of the pre-revenue customers, if you remember, that's only about 10% of our overall Life Sciences revenue. And so for us, it is a relatively smaller piece of the pie. We do think that, that faced some headwinds here in the first quarter. It was down about mid-teens. We expect that to probably continue here at least for the next couple of quarters. But then overall, if you look at our large pharma, that group continued to perform well. And we expect that trend, specifically on the reagent side to continue throughout the rest of the year. 
Catherine Ramsey: Okay. Great. And then, Prahlad, as you mentioned, it's a significant undertaking to rebrand the company. How did the new revenue brand come about? What do you want your new identity to stand for? And how do you make sure that this rebrand transition goes smoothly with customers? 
Prahlad Singh: Great question, Catherine. Our Chief Commercial Officer, Miriame Victor, is on the call with us. So I'll let her answer the question. 
Miriame Victor: So maybe let me start off how we came up with the name. We have listened to our employees, our customers around the globe, through a number of focus groups, creation workshops. And there are 3 main themes that came through, and that was consistent across the globe. They wanted something that is unconventional, precise and united. So we wanted a name really that is unconventional for the company we would be, representing us as a category of one. And we wanted to show the world our quality of work and the precision of our breakthrough innovation and to be united with all the capabilities we have added through the acquisitions over the last 5 years.
 So Revvity in itself was created from 2 words. Rev as in revolutionizing human science at an accelerated speed and vita, which means life in Latin. So at its core, the name itself means revolutionizing life. Now in terms of the implementation moving forward, we've got a very robust plan. I think our unregulated Life Sciences products will go faster. And then we are working through the registration of some of the regulated products that will come probably by the end of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ryskin of Bank of America. 
Michael Ryskin: This is Mike on for Derik. Going back to pharma/biotech, anything you can comment in terms of stocking levels or inventory levels on any of your consumables in the lab? It's just -- it's been a focal point not just [ for reagent ] products, obviously, but just broader lab consumables. So I'm just wondering what you're seeing there in terms of inventory levels, orders versus activity levels? Any color you can provide there? 
Prahlad Singh: Mike, this is Prahlad. Again, as you know, majority of our revenue stream now comes from reagents and consumables, which have a very short shelf life and customers generally don't have a lot of space to keep our products in that sense. So really, there is not a whole lot of inventory building that we have seen. And as I've shared earlier, most of our products, and if you take BioLegend as an example, it's shipped overnight to customers. So there is not really a whole lot of scope to see stocking in the product profile that we have. 
Michael Ryskin: Got it. And a follow-up question on some of your capital deployment comments as well. You sort of indicated, you've got some onus to deploy some of the capital you're bringing in. I'm just wondering, one, is if you could give us a little bit more color on some of the areas that you're interested in and what you're seeing out there. But two also, on your comments you've given, you're going through, like you said, a rebranding, a lot of operational things to get Revvity up and running. So what's the capacity to be taking on M&A and potential integration on top of that? 
Prahlad Singh: It's a great question, Mike. I think let me just sort of take it a little at the macro level, right? We feel really good about our first quarter performance, which was strong and at the high end of our expectations despite evolving macro conditions and what we talked about China DX. As you pointed out, we have completed 2 successful undertakings, the divestiture and the brand launch. Just to be clear, the divestiture is done. We are closed. There are a few TSAs in place, but that's as part of any norm that would be at such a significant undertaking.
 And the brand launch is more an excitement. The teams are more energized, inspired and excited by it rather than it being a distraction. So we actually see it more as an accelerator for the company looking forward. And I think to the question that you asked around the inorganic aspect of it, look, we are an acquisitive company, we have been and will continue to be. I think the focus that we have is around developing the relationships, building the right pipeline. So at the right time, we would make the acquisition. So there is no hurry. No rush for us. And when the right opportunity strikes, we will be there to take advantage of them. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jack Meehan of Nephron Research. 
Jack Meehan: First question I wanted to ask about immunodiagnostics on a core basis. So the first quarter in the mid-single digits, you should have easy comps in the second half of the year. Can you just talk about what does guidance assume in terms of the ramp of the business throughout the year? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Sure, Jeff. So from an immunodiagnostics standpoint, maybe the best place to start is just the overall business. So you're correct, first quarter was about mid-single digits. As we look out to the rest of the year, we expect to be in the low double digits to sort of low teens from an organic growth rate perspective. .
 To maybe zoom in on that, right, talk specifically about immunodiagnostics within China, so as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we do expect the second quarter to be a sequential increase in terms of volume dollars versus the first quarter. But it is still not, I would say, at a normalized volume in terms of testing. That we do not expect to happen until the second half, which was our original assumption coming into the year, and we are still confident that we are seeing that sort of volumes and expectations for the second half. 
Jack Meehan: Great. And then 2 questions on reproductive health. First, you called out slower birth trends. Can you just talk about the regional dynamics you're seeing? And then second, can you give an update on Vanadis and customer uptake? 
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mean the birth trends have been not any dissimilar than what we have seen across the globe. And as we've talked about earlier, Jack, I mean I think U.S. is, I would say, flat to slightly negative, and China has been where it is. But that's what is already in our assumptions, so there is no change to that and the growth that we expect is from the geographic expansion and menu expansion with the new NPIs that we have coming out.
 Vanadis, again continues to do very well, and we see that traction coming through. And that's also the reason that, as we look forward -- the way to measure the success of Vanadis is to look at our reproductive health growth profile over the next few years. And California is a good example of how that has started taking traction, and we see a good momentum coming out of it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar of Evercore. 
Vijay Kumar: Prahlad, maybe first one for you. Q1 came in at the high end of your guidance, Q2 looks like perhaps in line or even better than Q1. I think the midpoint of your annual guidance implies the back half needs to be about 350 to 400 basis points above first half. With your comments on China ImmunoDX improving, I think that's a 100, 150 basis point step-up versus first half. Where is the remaining acceleration coming from? If we're doing the math correctly, the second half needs to be low doubles versus first half to hit the midpoint of the guidance. Is that just an easier comp? Or are we assuming certain end markets to improve in the back half? 
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I think, again, reiterating what you said, we really -- we thought our 1Q performance was pretty strong. But I think the intent really is to align our full year guidance to account for the evolving market dynamics that we are seeing. Our intent really here is to maintain consistency of performance by either meeting or exceeding our guidance. You are right, that one of the aspects really is we are seeing our China Diagnostics improve, but the recovery is still not expected until the second half of the year. 
 Max, anything to add? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So to further elaborate on that point, right, so I think coming into this year, we said that we were going to do 9% for the full year. We've obviously expanded that range now to account for some of the different end market trends that we are seeing. But if you look at it, nothing has really changed about our second half assumptions versus the initial point in the year. What we basically now factor into the guidance is a little bit more cautionary spending levels here in the second quarter. 
 And when you look to the ramp of the second half, it's going to come in, one, immunodiagnostics China, as you mentioned. The second area is that we are expecting our informatics business to do better in the second half because it has easier comps. And then the third dynamic is that we are expecting for our U.S. genomics labs business. The second quarter will also be the lowest point of the year, and we are excited about the pipeline that we have there in the second half and are confident in our ability to execute against it. 
Vijay Kumar: Understood. And Max, one for you on -- it looks like the cash and marketable securities balance here are close to $2.5 billion. What are you assuming for share repo? I think you mentioned 130 million year-to-date, what's the pacing of share repo here? And I think you mentioned strategic tax planning. How truly think of tax rates going forward in the out-year? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So maybe to address the first question on share repurchases for the remainder of the year. Right now, our guidance assumes no further repurchases. Obviously, we have authorization from the Board that we've received to up to $600 million. Right now, that is more of an optionality for us, and we'll continue to evaluate all of our capital deployment opportunities. But right now, in our guidance, we are assuming no further share repurchases. To your question on the tax rate planning, as we mentioned in my prepared remarks, those are probably, I would say, not delayed. It's just taking a little bit longer to get done. We still expect our midterm sort of tax rate to be in the high teens rate, and we are confident in our ability to get there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Arias of Stifel. 
Daniel Arias: Congrats on the new identity. Maybe just to that point, a high-level question for Max. Max, a lot of moving parts for you as you walked in the door there as CFO. Do you feel like the heavy lifting on the math around the divestiture and just sort of the complex elements of the overall business transition are behind you at this point? Or are there still some things that need to be worked through just when it comes to cost allocation, head count investment, et cetera? How many variables are still in the mix for you? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. I mean, look, it's been a fun, I would say, first 9 or 10 months here on the job. There's definitely a lot of moving pieces. But I'd say we're extremely confident in the position that we are in today. Obviously, the first step was to get the divestiture done and get the new company brand launch done on time and executed well, and I think we've done that. 
 Now in terms of the trail on activities, obviously, there is some still work to do. But if you remember back to some of our previous conversations, there isn't a lot of, I would say, heavy entanglement or trailing activities that we need to get done. It was a relatively clean split at the time of the divestiture. Obviously, there's some cost reduction actions that we are taking. But I wouldn't say it's something that's requiring an extreme amount of effort and energy from this team at this point in time. We're now focused on the new company and where we need to go going forward. 
Daniel Arias: Okay. Great. And then maybe just on pharma and the small biotech dynamic, the stretch of M&A that you guys went on coming out of COVID had you acquiring just a bunch of assets that play into that drug development arena that this focus segment focuses on. Can you just maybe help us with where things are softer, stable, better when it comes to SIRION, Nexcelom, Horizon, BioLegend? Visibility there is just a little tough to come by, so it just feels like it would be helpful if we could get a little bit of a refreshed update on some of those acquired assets. 
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Dan, I mean, yes, we did quite a bunch of acquisitions, as you said, on the Life Sciences side of the segment. But again, those were all thought-out and strategic in nature. Despite all of that, as Max has pointed out, only 5% of nearly total company revenue is in pre-pharma/biotech, and that is inclusive of all the acquisitions. So if you look at our total Life Sciences business, including the acquisitions that have been made, only 10% of the revenue comes from pre-pharma and biotech in the Life Sciences. So we are very well protected from that perspective.
 And even from SIRION, if you take the example of SIRION, most of those are licensing opportunities, it's a licensing model, and the companies that they go for, there is a milestone payment based revenue model, and they have been doing well. So we feel -- again, as Max said, we feel really confident. And just taking the example of BioLegend and the Life Sciences reagent business, for us, overall, it continues to do well. 
Daniel Arias: Okay. So Prahlad, I'm going to take that comment to mean that all of these acquired assets are performing the way that you thought they would at the time of acquisition. There's nothing that you would call out that, a quarter or so down the road, we might be thinking about as underperforming or outperforming, such that the outlook is now different. I mean I guess what I'm saying is you did this M&A, you did it for a reason, there isn't a lot of visibility on it again. So are you saying that everything that's been acquired is trending the way that you thought it would be? And coming out of COVID, things are not really different than they were when you acquired them? 
Prahlad Singh: On the Life Sciences side, absolutely, Dan. I would say on the Diagnostics side, there was the Oxford acquisition that we've talked about that is taking a long time to come back. And especially as you look 	at latent TB testing in China and now that it has started picking up in Japan, that's the one -- as we've talked about earlier, that's the one that did not go to expectations at the beginning. And now we hope that as the market opens up in China and as latent TB testing gets going there and in Japan, we will start that turnaround to be seen. So yes, on the Life Sciences side, I would agree. On the Diagnostics side, no, we didn't have all of them go exactly as planned. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Waldman of Cleveland. 
Joshua Waldman: Just 2 for you. First, Max, I wanted to follow up on the moving pieces to the lower non-COVID organic guide. I guess could you quantify how much of the softer outlook is attributed to China ImmunoDx? Then I think you said you're being more prudent given the macro environment, but are there areas where you're starting to see softer purchasing here, maybe in March or April? Or is this you being more prudent at this time? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: So okay, so maybe to again further elaborate, I think you called out the key pieces there. So there's basically two reasons why we are being more prudent in expanding the range of outcomes, and it does come down to really the second quarter. Again, our second half expectations have not really changed. So for the second quarter, I'd say there's a couple of drivers. One is that, although the immunodiagnostics business in China is improving sequentially versus the first quarter, it is a little bit lighter than what we had initially anticipated coming into the year. The second is that we are seeing more cautionary spending levels, particularly on our instrumentation business in the pharma/biotech space. And the third, as I had previously mentioned, is that the second quarter will be the trough for both our informatics and U.S. genomic lab business. 
 But for both of those businesses, on informatics and the U.S. genomic labs, if you look at it on a 3-year sort of average growth basis, both of them are in the mid-teens. We're excited about the pipeline that we have for those businesses in the second half, and we're confident in our ability to execute against it. 
Joshua Waldman: Got it. Then Prahlad, I guess, wondering if you could give us an update on how synergies between the two segments are evolving. Maybe talk through any recent examples of synergies that teams have been able to identify, either on the cost front or revenue synergy side. 
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mean, Josh, as we've said earlier, right, the team is the same, right? On the commercial side was the first one as we went in 2 markets and areas where the acquisitions did not have a lot of direct presence, we've been able to leverage our foot -- feet on the ground. And on the technology side is where we've seen the biggest uplift, right? The launch of Celleca from the Nexcelom and the Revvity and BioLegend team was one example that came out. And hopefully, there will be a few more other examples coming out. And then the insourcing of oligos antibodies from Horizon and from BioLegend by the teams on both the Diagnostics and Life Sciences side of the business are, as I've said earlier, better than the expectation that we have from a synergy perspective. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Luke Sergott of Barclays. 
Luke Sergott: I love the new look by the way. So can you give us an update on BioLegend and how that was in the quarter? And then any update you guys have for that business throughout the year, given your commentary on the macro and everything? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So I think as we've previously mentioned, we're not going to specifically talk about individual business growth rates, but BioLegend is a major part of our overall reagents business, which continued to grow in the low double digits during the first quarter, and we expect that trend to continue for the rest of the year. 
Prahlad Singh: And if I could just add to that -- Luke, by the way, thanks for the comment on the brand look. We're really happy and proud with it. As Max mentioned, if you look at our reagents business, it grew double digits in the first quarter, and BioLegend is nearly 50% of that revenue. So that should be a good indicator for you as to how the business is doing. It's doing very well. 
Luke Sergott: Awesome. And then specifically again on -- I know it's another business, but with the latent TB testing in China, is this more -- for that to come on, does there need to be regulatory approval there from China? Or like what's the gating factor for that coming back? 
Prahlad Singh: No it's just for acute diagnostic testing to come back to normal. It's very similar to what is with the Diagnostics business look, acute diagnostic testing needs to come back. And latent TB testing is categorized as acute -- non-acute. I'm sorry. I'm saying acute, but non-acute diagnostic testing. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Sykes of Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Sykes: Congrats on the transition to Revvity. My first question is just on the academic end market. We've been hearing similar data points from others in terms of the strength there. Could you maybe just remind us in terms of the academic exposure within Life Sciences? And then just any comments on the durability of that growth as it factors into your outlook for '23? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Matt, so from an academic and government perspective, I think it's a 10% of -- high single digits, 10% of the overall company revenue. And so from that perspective, a big component of it is the reagents business, with BioLegend being a major part of that. And so as we continue to see strength in our reagents business, a big proponent of that is through the academic and government end markets. 
Matthew Sykes: Got it. And then maybe a higher-level question. Just on the commercial transformation. You've obviously transformed the business pretty dramatically and reduced sort of the heavy capital equipment instruments that you're selling. But just would love to find out about sort of the transition from a commercial side, kind of the integration of the different companies and the commercial teams that came with that, plus also the transition to a higher recurring revenue model and what that entails. And kind of any additional color on how that transformation of the commercial team is going. 
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Matt, Miriame is on the call, as you know, as I've said, the transition has gone really well. I will take -- I will say that on her behalf that the team took its own time to ensure that we have the right planning in place. Because we were actually -- as we were continuing with the divestment process, that was an integral part. We were going from an instrument-heavy focused business to a more reagent-based model. And right now, to give you an example, it's now much more akin to what the reproductive health business does for -- as an example. 
 So really now with the integration of the commercial forces in the 3 regions, there is 80% of our revenue plus is coming from the reagent side. The biggest driver for us is as we are going to continue to make the investment into the digital side, e-commerce is going to be a big driver for us. And that's why, if you recall, we've talked about the capital investment around e-commerce because that's going to be a key driver as we can use these opportunities around the synergies for the reagent side of the business or for the overall consumer side. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Brennan of TD Cowen. 
Daniel Brennan: Great. Maybe if I could, just on ImmunoDX in China again. Sorry, I know there's been a few questions, but it would be really helpful just to get a bit more granularity, if you could. So I know in the first quarter, you were looking for down low double, and it was down high teens. So just in terms of the full year, I know you were expecting not to see like a significant overage in the back half, even though you're up against easy comps. So what was the original guide for the year? Was it like low double and now you're assuming high single? Just trying to quantify just how much of that change is a headwind to the overall organic, and then I have a follow-up. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Dan, yes, your math is correct. The initial assumption coming into the year was low double digits for the immunodiagnostics business in China, and now we are expecting high single digits. And the reason for that drop is just a slower first half ramp recovery. Again, we are seeing positive signs from a volume perspective, and it's going to step up here in 2Q, and we still expect to return to normal for the second half. 
Daniel Brennan: Great. And then, sorry, just back to also like pre-commercial. So it sounds like even though that's a small part of the business, that's really been the biggest headwind, I guess, to the guide, correct, because that was down you said mid-teens. So what were you expecting there? I mean I don't know if you really had an expectation for pre-commercial originally, maybe now you baked something in just given the change. But can you just help us kind of do that same walk on the pre-commercial biotech? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So Dan, to your point, we did not. Given it to a small part of our overall business, we didn't have a specific number in mind. I think the down mid-teens was a little bit larger than what I think we would have been expecting. And so that is now factored into what we're considering more of a cautionary spending level for the rest of the year. 
Daniel Brennan: Got It. And then maybe one final one just given -- how would you characterize the new guide in terms of allowing room for things maybe to change still? Just any commentary on kind of what you baked in and where you could see some cushion if things don't come back as fast as planned? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. Look, Dan, to that point, I think what we wanted to do coming into the guidance was to give a realistic range given the macro environment. And we still have a path to what we think we can achieve to our original guidance of the 9% and the $5.05. And yes, there is the case that as the macro environment continues to trend downward, we must see a little bit softer results. But I think overall, we are confident in the position that we are sitting in today and confident in our team's ability to execute against our pipeline. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Rachel Vatnsdal from JPMorgan. 
Rachel Vatnsdal Olson: Congrats on the new name. So I wanted to follow up on Dan's question there around some of these pre-revenue customers. You said those customers declined mid-teens in Life Sciences during 1Q. So can you walk us through how that customer segment trended by month throughout the quarter? And then have you started to see any recovery here in April at all? And then I have a follow-up as well. 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So Rachel, I don't think we're going to discuss by-month trends for such a small portion of our overall business. And then I think as we started looking here in Q2, again, I think it's factored into our guidance that we're being cautious based on the trends of what we saw in the first quarter. 
Rachel Vatnsdal Olson: Noted. And then on operating margins, you were able to reiterate that 30% OPM for the year despite some of these puts and takes on the top line. So can you just remind us of margin profile of ImmunoDX, especially in China, and then of some of these emerging biotech pre-revenue customers within Life Sciences? And how should those kind of offset throughout the P&L to be able to reiterate that 30% OPM guide? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: Yes. So from an overall margin perspective, to your point, we are holding the 30% for the year. We're obviously going to manage our costs appropriately based on what we do from a revenue perspective. We're also going to protect our long-term investments. And I think it just goes through our ability to execute that we're able to hold the 30% for the year despite the new range from an organic growth standpoint.
 To your question on sub-business unit profitability, we're not going to get into those specifics. I would say, overall, we are a high reoccurring mix business and the reagents are a higher-margin product for us. And so as those volumes wane, yes, there is, I would say, either decremental or incremental margins that are above the company average, but we are managing those appropriately. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard from Jefferies. 
S. Brandon Couillard: Just one quick one for you, Max. How are we thinking about free cash flow conversion for the year? And where do you expect that leverage of land exiting '23? 
Maxwell Krakowiak: So from a free cash flow perspective, I would say we're actually off to a strong start for the year. And so if you look at our first quarter performance, our adjusted free cash flow was about $50 million. That did include about $80 million of AES and pension-related cash outflows. So if you sort of normalize for those, our free cash flow conversion in the first quarter would have been greater than 100%. And so we are pleased by that execution. I think as we look for the full year, we do expect the business on a normalized basis to be above 85%, and we expect that we're now, I would say, on track to do so. So we're encouraged by the cash flow performance here in the first quarter. And in terms of your question on leverage, I think that we expect to be probably sub-2 as we exit the year here. And so that's where our current model is. 
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Steve Willoughby for any further remarks. 
Stephen Willoughby: Thanks, Alex. Thanks, everyone, for your time today and your questions this morning, and we look forward to speaking with you over the coming weeks and months and, again, next quarter. Have a good day. 
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-14 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the PerkinElmer Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Alex, and I'll be coordinating the call today.  I will now hand over to your host, Steve Willoughby, SVP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Willoughby: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to PerkinElmer's fourth quarter 2022 earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Prahlad Singh, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Max Krakowiak, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we've outlined in our press release issued earlier this morning and also those in our SEC filings. Statements or comments made on this call may be forward-looking statements, which may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested by any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP measures during the call that are not reconciled to GAAP, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'll now turn it over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Prahlad Singh. Prahlad?
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, I want to express my deep sorrow for our colleagues, along with their friends and families in Turkey and Syria following the recent earthquake. What you are having to go through is something no one ever thinks can happen. And I want you to know that PerkinElmer will be supporting you in any way we can. Needless to say, the start of the year has been an eventful one, and from a business perspective, we have hit the ground running after finishing 2022 on a strong note that played out right in line with our expectations from the start of the quarter. We continue to successfully navigate an evolving macroenvironment, particularly in China, while staying tremendously focused on executing our upcoming divestiture of our Analytical and Enterprise Solutions business, which we expect to complete before the end of March. Amid these undertakings, we, again, exceeded our total adjusted revenue and adjusted EPS targets for the quarter. The continued high level of execution throughout a period of transition for the company is a testament to the team we've built, the processes we've implemented and the quality of the businesses that comprise our new company. I couldn't be more excited for our future, and the impact I expect us to have by helping our customers develop and deliver novel scientific breakthroughs that will have a profound impact on improving global health in the future. I would be remiss not to also thank all our colleagues who have spent a significant amount of time and effort preparing for the upcoming split of the company, including those roughly 6,000 employees who will be part of the divestiture. I look forward to watching what the Analytical and Enterprise Solutions business can accomplish in the years to come, and thank you for all your efforts and impact which have made getting to this point a reality. As it pertains to the future of our Life Science and Diagnostics business, which is going to be renamed and rebranded in the months following the close of the divestiture, a significant amount of work has already taken place to prepare for this transition. I'm eager to share with you and our employees more about the direction of the new company in the near future. As I have highlighted to you over the last several quarters, the level of focus on material innovation that is now occurring within the company has meaningfully increased. This was again on display over the last few months as our new high-throughput random access chemiluminescent diagnostic testing platform, the Excentis received its CE Mark and began initial commercial installations. While the test menu for this platform will continue to ramp over the next several years, it marked a multi-year effort of significant development to bring this next-generation platform to market. We will look to also bring this new system to the U.S. market in the coming year. With the low and medium throughput platforms that were added with the acquisition of IDS in 2021, the initial launch of the Excentis now provides a complete portfolio of chemiluminescent analyzer platforms spanning all throughputs to support our full spectrum of customers. We were also excited to see in early January that the GAMT disorder was added to the RUSP panel for newborn screening in the United States. This deficiency can result in severe intellectual disabilities if it goes undetected and untreated within the first few years of a child's life, and we continue to collaborate with KOLs to support their research and pilot programs on this. With our EONIS platform for SMA and SCID screening receiving FDA authorization last quarter, the recent additions of GAMT and MPS II are examples of the continuous innovation from our reproductive health business, allowing it to continue to grow despite well-known birth rate pressures over the last several years. In our Life Sciences business, we continue to bring innovation to the cell and gene therapy industry with the launch of adeno-associated virus AAV detection kits, which leverage our proprietary AlphaLISA technology and help researchers quickly and easily characterize viral vector particles being introduced. Additionally, we signed a collaboration agreement in December with a leading global biotechnology company to identify novel AAV vectors aimed at crossing the blood-brain barrier. Working in conjunction with Professor Grimes Lab at the University Clinic, Heidelberg, our in-house team of viral vector experts in Munich, Germany are tasked with developing a novel generation of gene delivery vectors for treating a growing population affected with neurodegenerative diseases. The scope, high unmet clinical need and social challenge underpinning this collaboration is an illustrative example of just how much we have transformed our life science portfolio over the past few years. We are not only increasingly aligned with rapidly evolving and attractive fields like cell and gene therapy, but we've positioned ourselves to be uniquely focused to help accelerate these advancing fields forward. In addition to continuing to invest in our R&D, we are also significantly focusing on internally developing our people. In the fourth quarter, we launched three new employee resource groups centered on supporting our Hispanic employees, our veterans and our employees with disabilities. We also started several employee networking groups to help employees with similar interests get to know one another and communicate across the company. These are both great examples of the change in culture that has been occurring at the company recently, which I expect to even further accelerate as we enter the next exciting phase of our corporate journey. While Max will share more details with you in a bit, it was encouraging to see our Life Science and Diagnostics business finish off the year on a strong note resulting in 9% non-COVID organic growth for the full year. This was despite an approximate 300 basis point headwind from the lockdowns in China negatively impacting our immunodiagnostics business which we had assumed in our most recent guidance. At this point, we have continued to see an impact from the change in COVID policy in China and assume that we will not see our immunodiagnostics business there return to normal until the second half of 2023, which will have a big tough end impact on our overall expected growth for the year, particularly in the first half. As it relates to COVID, we have been a significant player in the response to the pandemic with the both lab-based PCR and the several government lab contracts we participated in. The testing mandates now ending in most areas around the world, it has recently resulted in a strict and dramatic decline in the demand for lab-based PCR tests and supplemental lab capacity. While Max will provide more detail, we have decided to completely remove all COVID revenue from our guidance for the year and let what we expect to be minimal related revenue provide modest upside to our official guidance, a significant change from our prior expectations. Despite these two impacts, we are looking for 2023 to be another very strong year overall and one that will set the new company off on a great foundation to build upon in the years to come. As we execute on our transformation and the future accretive capital deployment opportunities it provides, we will unlock the full scientific, operational and financial potential of our Life Science and Diagnostics business resulting in a best-in-class culture, market-leading innovation and top-tier shareholder returns. Our business is in an excellent position today with tremendous additional opportunity right in front of us that we are going to capitalize on. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Max.
Max Krakowiak: Thanks, Prahlad, and good morning, everybody. As Prahlad mentioned, we are nearing the completion of our planned divestiture of our Applied and Enterprise Solutions business to New Mountain Capital, which we expect to wrap up before the end of March. Following the deal closure, we will continue our work to rebrand the company with an expectation of unveiling our new identity within the next few months. Until then, we will continue to refer to the Life Science and Diagnostics business externally as PerkinElmer just as we do today. With that said, we're very excited to share with you our new name, identity and mission when the time comes. As it pertains to the divestiture, our teams across both businesses are working extremely hard to ensure a smooth transition and I am grateful for everyone's continued efforts as we work towards a close over the coming weeks. While there has been and will continue to be a lot of work involved, I'm even more confident that this decision will maximize the long-term potential of both businesses and I look-forward to seeing it come to fruition. Once the deal is closed, we expect to set aside a sizable portion of the after-tax proceeds to prepare for our upcoming debt maturities over the next 18 months with an initial $500 million coming due this September. This will still leave us with ample capacity to pursue additional capital deployment activities as they arise, such as continuing our track record of finding strategically important and accretive acquisitions. With these proceeds and the cash we expect to generate, we will have more than $2 billion of additional unencumbered cash available to deploy over the next three years without taking on any new debt. We expect our future organic and inorganic investments will only further bolster the strong medium-term financial outlook we have previously provided. As it relates to the fourth quarter, we saw a strong performance despite continued challenges from disruptions in China, and we were again able to exceed our revenue and adjusted EPS targets. While most of my comments during the fourth quarter refer to just our Life Science and Diagnostics segments, which I'll refer to as continuing ops, I thought I'd first start with a brief look at the combined company's performance including the businesses that are intended to be divested. On a combined basis, including continuing ops and discontinued ops, we generated total adjusted revenues in fourth quarter of $1.09 billion, which was solidly above the high-end of our guidance. Non-COVID organic growth for the combined businesses was 8% in line with our guidance while an FX headwind of approximately 5% and COVID revenues of $31 million were both slightly favorable to our expectations. As expected, there was no inorganic contribution from recent acquisitions. In relation to the P&L, our combined company adjusted operating margins were 27.3% for the quarter. We continue to see a benefit from our recent initiatives within our supply chain, operational expense management, and again, delivered strong pricing performance as we realized more than 200 basis points of positive impact in the quarter. Despite some modest non-operating expense pressures and a slightly higher tax rate, we were still able to generate $1.70 of adjusted EPS for the combined company, which was $0.04 above the midpoint and $0.03 above the high-end of our expectations. Moving beyond the P&L, we generated $112 million of adjusted free cash flow in the quarter, which was pressured on a year-over-year basis by a significantly lower COVID revenues, the divestiture and deal-related costs and the timing of tax payments. These dynamics are expected to continue in 2023 as COVID continues to roll off and we complete the divestiture and other activities related to the rebranding of the company. We continued our planned deleveraging by paying down another $53 million of debt in the quarter, bringing the full-year debt reduction to nearly $600 million. This resulted in our net leverage finishing at 2.7x at the end of the year. So far this year, we've already opportunistically paid down $30 million of shorter duration debt and continue to be well-positioned from a capital structure standpoint ahead of our upcoming divestiture. Upon complete retirement of this shorter-term debt over the next two years, we will have approximately $3.2 billion of debt outstanding at an average fixed interest rate of 2.6% with a seven-year average duration. I would now like to provide some commentary pertaining to our fourth quarter and full year business trends. To give some perspective on what the company will look like going forward, all of my following commentary will only pertain to our continuing operations, which consist of our Life Science and Diagnostics business, and excludes our Applied and Enterprise Solutions businesses. Our Life Science and Diagnostics business generated 8% non-COVID organic growth in the quarter, which was in line with our expectations. For the full year, our Life Sciences and Diagnostics business grew 9% organically, excluding COVID, which includes a 300 basis point headwind from the China lockdowns. So I'd say, it was a very strong year overall. Geographically, our Life Science and Diagnostics business grew in the high single-digits organically excluding COVID in all major regions in the quarter, including the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific, with China growing in the low single-digit overall. For the full year, Americas and Europe, both grew in the low double-digits organically, while Asia grew in the mid-single-digits, with China being down in the low single-digits year-over-year. From a segment perspective, our Life Science business, which is currently being reported as our DAS continuing operations business for the time being, generated adjusted total revenue of $347 million in the quarter. This was up 9% year-over-year and represented 47% of our continuing ops total revenue. Organically, the business grew 13% with mid-teens growth from pharma and high-single-digit growth from academic and government. From a product perspective, our Life Science research reagents, assays and pharma services represented approximately 54% of our total life science business in 2022, including acquisitions and grew in the low double-digits organically in the quarter and for the full year. Our instrument and related services, which represented approximately 31% of our Life Science revenue in 2022 also grew in the low double-digits in the quarter, which finished off an exceptional year with approximately 20% organic growth. Finally, our informatics business, which represented the remaining 15% of our Life Science revenue in 2022, grew in the mid-teens organically in the fourth quarter, also finishing off an outstanding year of approximately 20% organic growth. Moving to our Diagnostics segment, we generated $394 million of total revenue in the quarter. This was down 44% year-over-year and represented 53% of our total continuing ops revenue. Organically, the business was down 39% year-over-year due to the $31 million of COVID revenue we generated being down significantly from the $336 million in the year-ago period. On a non-COVID basis, the diagnostics business grew 4% in the quarter and 5% for the full year. When excluding our immunodiagnostics business in China, our Diagnostics segment generated high single-digit non-COVID organic growth in 2022. While the pressures in China remained significant in the fourth quarter, the impact was largely in line with our expectation of our immunodiagnostics business in the region being down in the high single-digits year-over-year. Excluding China, our immunodiagnostics business continued to perform very well and grew in the high-teens organically year-over-year in the quarter excluding COVID and was up mid-teens organically ex-COVID outside of China for the full year. So to look at it another way, when including the impact from lockdowns, our immunodiagnostics business was still up approximately 10% in the fourth quarter ex-COVID and grew low to mid-single-digits for the full year overall. On a non-COVID organic basis, our reproductive health business declined slightly year-over-year in the fourth quarter, but we're still able to deliver mid single-digit growth for the full year. Favorable trends in Europe were offset by softness in Asia and a, slowing birth rate again in the Americas as global population growth pressures continue. These macro-dynamics are masking the solid progress we are making with menu and geographic expansion, driven by our recent new product introductions and commercial execution. Our applied genomics business also declined slightly year-over-year on a non-COVID organic basis in the quarter. However, for the full year, the business grew organically in the high single-digits excluding COVID, resulting in a high-teens CAGR over the last three years, while this market is likely going through somewhat of demand adjustments from an instrument perspective given how many were sold over the last three years. We continue to feel very good about our new products in this area as well as our improved market positioning and consumables. Now as it pertains to our outlook for 2023, we expect it to be another strong year financially while we also worked through managing the transition with the divestiture and rebranding as a new company. All of the forward-looking guidance commentary I'm about to provide only pertains to our remaining life science and diagnostics company and exclude the businesses that are soon to be divested. I would also note for your modeling purposes, that we have provided some additional historical performance metrics. As it pertains to the life science and diagnostics company quarterly non-COVID organic growth performance during 2022 and a reconciliation document that can be found on our investor website. First, as it pertains to COVID while our performance in the fourth quarter was still in line with our expectations. We did see a significant slowing in global demand as the year came to a finish. This fall off and COVID related demand and even more dramatically accelerated so far here in 2023 and we now expect COVID to represent less than 50 basis points of our overall revenue for the year. While we will continue to report what our actual COVID revenue is each quarter this year, given the uncertainty of PCR testing over the remainder of the year and the immaterial contribution, we now currently project. We felt it would be prudent to just completely take it out of our assumptions for the year and let it be modestly incremental to our stated guidance. For our non-COVID business we anticipate another very strong year for our continuing ops life science and diagnostics business. But I expect you 9% non-COVID organic growth this year. This is driven by our assumption for low-double-digit growth in our life sciences business and high single-digit growth in diagnostics. As we have previously commented there continues to remain significant uncertainty as it pertains to the timing and magnitude of the potential rebound in non-acute diagnostic testing demand in China which so far quarter-to-date. We have not seen meaningfully improve. While some may project that non-COVID diagnostic testing demand to rebound more significantly in the short-term, we are continuing to assume that our immunodiagnostics business in the region does not normalized until starting in the second half of the year. Should it normalize more quickly or significantly than this, it would present upside to our current assumptions. Consequently, we are expecting our overall immunodiagnostics to grow in the low double-digits in 2023 excluding COVID. Lastly, we are not assuming any revenue contribution from recent acquisitions and FX is currently expected to be neutral to our total year revenue. This results in our expected total 2023 revenue to be approximately $2.94 billion. With our updated expectation for now having zero COVID revenue in our guidance for the year and despite historically carrying a very favorable margin profile compared to the rest of the business. I'm proud to share that we still expect to average 30% operating margins in 2023 in our life science and diagnostics business. Our ability to overcome this approximate 100 basis point operating margin headwind further reinforces the power of the underlying business and our ability to execute during this period of transition. We are assuming approximately $90 million of net interest and other expense this year, which is benefiting from the assumption of some additional interest income starting in the second quarter, but it's also being negatively impacted by a significant year-over-year increase in our pension expense throughout the year, that is primarily driven by higher interest rates. As for taxes, we continue to expect that the new company will start with an approximate 20% tax rate that we believe we can work to improve in the years to come. Our diluted share count should stay relatively stable at around 126.5 million average shares outstanding, this all results in us expecting adjusted EPS this year of $5.05. I note, this guidance includes approximately $0.45 of combined headwinds from the removal of all COVID revenue in our guidance compared to our previous $100 million expectation and the increased pension expense we are forecasting. To give you some perspective on the financial power of our life science and diagnostics business, this guidance implies at least the mid-teens underlying year-over-year EPS growth when excluding COVID completely in both years. In terms of phasing, we expect our non-COVID organic growth to be fairly consistent throughout the year when taking year-ago comps into account. So on a two year average basis, we expect our non-COVID organic growth each quarter this year to be around that 9% we are expecting for the full year. From an EPS perspective, given our elevated prior year Q1 comps of 13% which is our most difficult comp of the year, we expect less operating leverage here in 1Q. Additionally, our 1Q operating margins will continue to be pressured by the impact of continuing ops accounting rules, until we close the divestiture. Moving to below the line, we will also not materially benefit in the first quarter from the increase in interest income. We anticipate once we receive the divestiture proceeds. And finally, we expect our Q1 adjusted tax rate to be slightly above our full year average rate. Consequently, we expect the first quarter to represent approximately 19% to 20% of our full year adjusted EPS. With that, I'd like to turn it back over to Prahlad for some closing remarks. Prahlad?
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Max. 2022 was clearly another strong year for PerkinElmer, but if we take a step-back and look at the past three years. Our focus was always to emerge from COVID as a stronger company. We believe that chapter has been successfully completed for both, the analytical and enterprise business as well as our new life science and diagnostics business. Within those three years our rapid and significant response to the COVID pandemic enabled more than 10 acquisitions fast-tracking the transformation of our company to higher growth and higher margin areas. Additionally, we embarked on a significant undertaking of splitting the company into two distinct businesses and yet through all that we've consistently executed on our financial targets which is a testament to our employees and pleasure we have created. Looking forward, 2023 will be no different as our teams rise to the challenge of finishing the divestiture, rebranding our company and continuously executing against our financial commitments. We are in an excellent position today and our future is very bright. With that operator, we would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question for today comes from Derik de Bruin of Bank of America. Derik, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Derik de Bruin: Hi, good morning and thank you for taking the questions. So just Max, just to clarify something so your - your full end interest expense guide includes I'm just sort of - what are you assuming in terms of interest, interest income on the incremental. Just trying to make sure that $90 million guiding you're guiding is an all-in number is sort of like how you see it - if there is some potential upside of that depending on the interest rate?
Max Krakowiak: Yes, hi Derik. So for your question, yes, it is an all-in number. So right now, we're going to be probably putting aside, somewhere between $800 million and $900 million of the after tax proceeds into treasuries that will match up with the short-term debt that we have on our books. We've got the $500 million note coming due in Q3, 2023 and then we've got another $800 million coming due in Q3, 2024. And so our assumption is that, that $800 million to $900 million will initially go, there's a chance for upside, but that is an all-in number there.
Derik de Bruin: Great, thank you for clear clarity. And when you look at the China progression in immunodiagnostics just sort of thinking about the one half of two halves expectation, I appreciate the color on the overall commentary on the business, but can you just sort of walk through how you're sort of seeing that flow through the model?
Prahlad Singh: So well, maybe just to go back Derik, when you look - when we've seen China in our assumption right now is that it will be - overall China for us will be double-digit or growing above our company average growth rate for the - for 2023. And our assumption right now is it will come and come more into the second half of the quarter rather than - the second half of the year. And the first quarter, what we are assuming is China IDX will be worse than what we had approximately in the fourth quarter of 2022.
Derik de Bruin: Okay. Great. And then just one final, if I may. Pricing assumptions for 2023?
Max Krakowiak: Yes. So from a pricing standpoint, Derek, we're assuming at least 100 bps pricing contribution in 2023.
Derik de Bruin: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly of Citi. Patrick, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Patrick Donnelly: Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking the questions. Maybe following up on Derek there on the China piece. Prahlad, it was encouraging to hear you guys talk about 1Q being consistent with that, call it, 9% for the year, given the China headwinds upfront, COVID coming out of the model, obviously. Can you just talk about, I guess, it seems like you have good visibility into 1Q being at that level, when China comes back in that back half, I would have thought that would accelerate growth. Can you just talk about, I guess, the cadence throughout the year, why the back half wouldn't be stronger? Is it just layering in a level of conservatism in the back half? And then if China does indeed recover, you can kind of ride that to higher numbers. Just trying to get a sense there, given the 1Q guidance was pretty healthy from where we were standing.
Prahlad Singh: I think Derek, - Patrick, sorry, you're right, I think if China - right now, the way we've assumed that it comes back to a normal growth rate in the second half of the year. Obviously, whether if it comes back faster or is more significant earlier than that, that would be upside to the model. And also, if the stimulus continues to sort of show its impact earlier, then that might be upside. So I think we've just been prudent in our guidance, seeing what we have seen in the first month of the - in the quarter when post - just before the spring festival. And it's been only a week since people have started coming back from this spring festival. So I think I would just say, we are being cautious in our guidance and continue to watch it closely.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. Understood. And then maybe on the margin side, certainly understand 1Q being a little lighter just given some of the continued ops piece. Can you just talk about, again, I guess, how we think about that throughout the year? And then particularly near-term, not - obviously, not asking for '24, '25 guidance just yet, but it seems like as those stranded costs come out, I wouldn't see any reason why we wouldn't be kind of 100 bps plus in the near term, just naturally as those come out. Can you just talk about, I guess, how that progresses in terms of the model? Again, the exit rate should be a little bit higher than I would think the near-term years skew on the upside as some of those stranded costs come out. But it would be helpful just to get a sense for what those look like as we work our way through the model here.
Max Krakowiak: Yes. Hi, Patrick. So the way I would think about it from a margin perspective in 2023 is if you go back to what we mentioned on the call, we are implying sort of a mid-teens EPS growth year-over-year when you strip out COVID from both periods. Implied in that mid-teens EPS growth is obviously the 9% organic growth, and then we are expecting about 100 basis points of margin expansion year-over-year on a non-COVID basis. So we are already to see about maybe 40% of that comes through the gross margin expansion, about 60% of that comes through operating expense leverage. So we feel good about the margin expansion we expect next year, which gives us, I think, even further momentum to your point on the midterm outlook and us feeling very confident in our margin expansion targets that we previously have put out there and don't see any reason why 100 basis points per year is out of the question.
Patrick Donnelly: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Waldman of Cleveland Research. Josh, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Joshua Waldman: Hi, good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple for you. First, I wondered if you could provide an update on BioLegend, maybe what the business grew here in Q4. Curious if it was impacted by China lockdowns, and thus, maybe represents potential upside to the model. And then just curious, what you're assuming for that business within that 9% non-COVID guide for '23?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Josh. Overall, as you know, our Life Sciences business continued to grow very well, our reagents business, and it grew double-digits for the year. We did not see any material change in the trend in 3Q or 4Q in our reagents business in China or any place else. BioLegend and our overall Life Sciences reagent business continues to do very well, and we expect it to continue to grow double-digits as we've said earlier.
Joshua Waldman: Got it. And then Prahlad or Max, I wondered if you could comment on what you're seeing from maybe biotech and early-stage pharma accounts. It sounds like Pharma was up mid-teens in the Life Science segment, but applied genomics maybe a bit lighter. Just wondered if you're seeing any indication that these accounts are slowing spend. Anything leaving you more cautious on outlook within this end market?
Max Krakowiak: Yes, I'd say, first, from just a materiality standpoint, right, I mean the biotech or smaller accounts, which I think you're more referring to are only less than 5% of overall revenue. So even if we were to start to see some noise there, it's not overly material to the company. I think that's one piece of context I'd say first. Second, in terms of sort of the split between applied genomics versus the Life Sciences business, we are seeing a little bit of a slowdown in applied genomics. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we do think there's a little bit of saturation just from the amount of instruments that have been placed over the past three years. That might continue a little bit here in Q1. We expect by the end of the year, applied genomics will be sort of at its normal run rate from an overall organic growth standpoint.
Joshua Waldman: Got it. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Liza Garcia with UBS. Your line is now open. Please go-ahead.
Liza Garcia: Hi, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So I guess, if we could start on talking about the informatics business, it's just been a bit since the last DAS deep dive, I think it was like 2022. So how do you think about the right growth trajectory for that business given the 20% that you guys got to accrue this year?
Max Krakowiak: Hi, Liza, so I'd say, first, we've been very pleased with the performance of our informatics business, not only really in 2022, but over the last couple of years, it's had about a mid-teens CAGR. I would say that is sort of our normal, I would expect long-term growth rate. The only point I would call out with informatics is there are some timings of renewals, et cetera. So at times, the growth rate can be lumpy. But I would say, overall, we are very pleased with the performance. I don't think 20% is the go-forward growth rate. I do expect that to come down a little bit here in 2023, but we are very happy with the performance of that business.
Liza Garcia: Awesome. Thank you. And then I guess, just talking a little bit into like the reproductive health. I guess, a little bit softer this quarter, but - with the birth pressures, but you did have the - you've highlighted the FDA marketing authorization for SCID and SMA. How should we think about that? And kind of if you could provide any qualitative kind of update on Vanadis? That would be great.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Liza. So I think on reproductive health, on birth rates, continued to unfortunately have pressure in 2022. But I think, as you pointed out, right, we continue to have new reagents going through approval. While we got the approval, there are two new indications or disorders, as you know, that got approved by the RUSP panel, which I had in my prepared remarks, MPS II and now GAMT. So our menu expansion opportunities continue to bolster the reproductive health business. The thing is that as it gets approved by the RUSP panel and the FDA, states pick them up for adoption in their menu panel on a sequential basis. So some of them might come into play in 2023, the first half, some in the second half. So the states have the mandate based on their own flexibility as to when they want to bring out. Vanadis continues to do well. And I think as we've said, it grew more than 75% commercially last year and we continue to put in new installations. The value proposition that it brings to the table is gaining more and more traction with our customers now, more so in the U.S.
Liza Garcia: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Arias from Stifel. Dan, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Dan Arias: Good morning, guys. Thanks a bunch. Prahlad or Max, I hate to put too fine of a point on it, but the return to normalization for EUROIMMUN in the second half of the year, is that to say getting there by year-end or is that more like you think you'd improve through midyear and you can get back to normalization at some point in 3Q or 4Q? I'm sure you're not interested in giving growth rates by quarter, but it would just be helpful to get a sense for the shape of the curve, sort of to Derek and Patrick's point, just given that it does seem like that's the biggest swing factor here for growth in 2023.
Max Krakowiak: Yes. Hi, Dan. So the way I would think about it is when we look at the EUROIMMUN business in China and the ramp throughout the year, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks here, Q1 will be still a little bit of a headwind. We do expect it to be potentially even worse from a growth rate perspective than what we saw in Q4, which is approximately high single-digits. And so as you think about the ramp over the course of next year, I would think - or this year, excuse me, I would think about it in the context of the two-year average stack should continue to get better each and every quarter, so Q1 to Q4 and I think we've given all those prior year comps in previous calls here throughout 2022. And then I would expect sort of that the full year growth rate of that EUROIMMUN business to be in the low double-digits, low-teens, which is sort of the historical growth rate we've seen from that business.
Dan Arias: Yes. Okay. That is helpful. And then maybe on margins and M&A, you've been pretty upfront here about having this extra dry powder that you think you can deploy for M&A later in the year 2024. So it feels like you're active there, but you've also made op margin improvement in one of the key selling points of the spin. So I guess, I'm just curious to what extent do you have an appetite for something that might be strategically positive, but dilutive to margins.
Prahlad Singh: It depends on the opportunity, Dan. So it's tough to give a specific response to the question because it depends. As I've said earlier, we continue to be very active. We continue to look at opportunities that are in our sweet spot, which is more founder, entrepreneur-owned companies. Depends on what the opportunity is, is probably the best way to respond to the question. Let me give you an example. If it's a breakthrough technology like Vanadis, we would do it. But generally, if you look at the deals we've done, that should be a pretty good precursor of the deals we will do.
Dan Arias: Do you think that the - if the revenue trajectory one that Vanadis has right now, that would still be something you'd be interested in?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, it depends on the technology. So that's why I said that. Probably the shortest answer would have been, it depends.
Dan Arias: Okay. Thanks, Prahlad.
Prahlad Singh: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question for today comes from Jack Meehan of Nephron Research. Jack, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. Wanted to ask, so the $5.05 EPS guide for continuing ops, just trying to bridge this to newco. Can you provide latest thoughts on potential for trap cost versus the costs that are going to get allocated to spin? I guess, how close is this $5.05 to what newco EPS looks like?
Max Krakowiak: Yes, Jack, the way I would think about it is the $5.05 guidance includes the impact of continuing ops accounting headwinds that we're going to have in the first quarter or really the first couple of months until the divestiture closes. And then for the remainder of the year, yes, that - cont ops accounting will more or less turn into stranded costs, but that will be partially offset also by the TSAs that we will have. So sort of net-net, it all more or less washes out over the course of the year. We think $5.05 is a very good indication of what sort of the true LSDx performance is once you kind of put all that together.
Jack Meehan: Okay. That's helpful. And then one business question. Within Diagnostics, the applied genomics business, so understand the COVID headwind there, but I guess, the non-COVID also down low single-digit in the quarter. Can you just talk about what you're seeing, I guess, from like - there's obviously been a lot of instruments placed throughout the pandemic. Do you think there could be some hangover to start 2023?
Max Krakowiak: Yes. I think I mentioned that earlier as well in one of the responses. I do probably - we do probably anticipate that to continue here in the first quarter. But I think as we look over in the full year for applied genomics, we probably expect it to be slightly down from this year on a non-COVID basis. So in 2022, it was high single-digits. We probably expect it for the full year to be slightly below that, but we do expect it to rebound sort of after the first quarter here.
Jack Meehan: Got it. Thank you, Max.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question for today comes from Paul Knight of KeyBanc. Paul, your line is now open. Please go-ahead.
Paul Knight: Hi, Prahlad. Is the - are the advances in spatial biology and faster flow cytometry, is this accelerating do you think the market for BioLegend or closed systems kind of keeping it where it's been? So kind of what's your opinion on this dynamic going forward for BioLegend?
Prahlad Singh: I think spatial biology and proteomics and all of that is a growing area, Paul. But I think BioLegend and our Life Sciences research reagents business overall is a very strong portfolio that we are able to now deploy globally with the channels that we have access to that BioLegend didn't have. So I think the growth trajectory over the next foreseeable future just is in terms of providing the commercial footprint, the infrastructure, the capabilities and competencies of overall PerkinElmer rather than one particular area of growth.
Paul Knight: And then last, regarding - with your better - I shouldn't say better, bigger platform, I would assume your M&A pipeline looks pretty robust now going into the next couple of years.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. We will continue to be acquisitive as we have been, and we continue - we will continue to add growth trajectories to our portfolio given that we will have a robust balance sheet and we'll have an even more robust balance sheet post the divestiture.
Paul Knight: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Max Masucci from Cowen. Max, your line is now open. Please go-ahead.
Max Masucci: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. First one, there is a GMA publication released last week. It was supporting broader use of rapid whole genome sequencing, for instance, - which today I believe is included in around six state Medicaid policies in the US. So it would be great to hear just generally your latest outlook for new reimbursement wins for newborn screening in the US this year, if that's changed at all?
Prahlad Singh: Max, as you know very well, today, the way that newborn screening is done, that the states pay for it, right, it's not reimbursed. It's sort of - it's not a private insurance or an insurance reimbursement play. And I think the way our view of this is that going forward, newborn screening will continue to be mandated by the states and by RUSP and by the newborn screening law. In terms of rapid genome sequencing, as you said, for newborns, that as you - is going to be an area of interest for us and for others. There are certain regions where we are playing a role in it. But I think it will continue to be more esoteric and specialized for the foreseeable future. The cost the turnaround and the speed and the scale and magnitude, by which newborn screening is done by the state labs today is unmatched and it will continue to be so.
Max Masucci: That's great, very helpful color, final one from me. It's nice to see the strong organic growth in the life sciences continuing operations, It would be great to hear some additional detail around the growth that you saw in the quarter for the legacy life sciences reagents business versus BioLegend and then sort of where we are in terms of realizing the operational synergies between BioLegend and the legacy Perkin reagent business?
Max Krakowiak: Yes, so maybe I'll answer the first question on the growth rates, and then I'll let Prahlad talk about the synergies here Max. So - again from an overall reagent standpoint in both the fourth quarter and the full year, we've performed at a low double-digit. I would say that was pretty consistent across all, our reagent portfolio, there's not one shining star versus another. So I think we're pleased overall with our reagents growth across everything from BioLegend, just bio some of our legacy reagent product lines, et-cetera. It was strong growth overall for everybody.
Prahlad Singh: Yes and just to add to that BioLegend has a really strong team and the leadership there has worked with PerkinElmer team in terms of identifying exploring and now executing on synergistic opportunities and it's not just around commercial and operational, but also around technology and how do we continue to close the gap and the bridge between life sciences and diagnostics. So I think on all fronts, the teams are firing on all cylinders there, could not be more happy about that.
Max Masucci: Great, thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Leonard from Credit Suisse. Dan, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Dan Leonard: Great, thank you. I appreciate you taking COVID revenue out of your forecast, but curious, have your views changed at all on the non-COVID pull-through opportunity from instruments placed during COVID?
Max Krakowiak: Yes, Dan it's a great question. I would say, not really. And the reason why I say it look as we enter the sort of the fourth year of the pandemic. We now believe that customers have already largely transition sort of their underutilized former COVID capacity to other areas. So we think we've already started to kind of see this pull-through and it's kind of already occurred in our base. And we also think that's kind of why our applied genomics business has grown on a high-teen CAGR over the past three years, including high single-digits this year and then over 50% in 2021.
Dan Leonard: Understood and Max, my follow-up. I'm trying to better understand the EBIT margin bridge from the 32% plus in Q4 to the 30% guidance for 2023, both for RemainCo. I know there's some COVID revenue in Q4, but not overly material. So what are the other drivers of the walk-down from that 32% to 30%? Thank you.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, look truthfully, Dan. I would say it is heavily the walk-down is predominantly COVID. The one thing I'd say about the COVID mix that we had in Q4 was a very favorable product mix. And so, I know historically, we've quoted that COVID incremental's are sort of above our company gross margin. I think in the fourth quarter, it was an outsized margin mix related to our COVID products. I think once you normalize that for the fourth quarter, you're a little bit closer to sort of a 30% operating margin exit rate for continuing ops. Which then if you then factor in next year and 100 basis points of margin improvement you know the math sort of works out, but it wasn't significant pull out of COVID here from a margin perspective in the fourth quarter.
Dan Leonard: Okay, got it that makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Sykes of Goldman Sachs. Matt, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Matt Sykes: Thanks, good morning. Thanks taking my question. Maybe just to clarify just following-up on Dan's last question on margins, just if we focus on diagnostics you did 28.7% in the fourth quarter, and that was significantly lower COVID revenue than you've done in the past? So should we see that 28.7% just for diagnostics is being closer to the lower end, troughing as we kind of look out to 2023, understand that there is some China-related impact and other things like that, but just wanted to get a sense for that 28.7% where that is and sort of the range of margins you think diagnostics can do over the course of '23?
Max Krakowiak: Yes, hey Matt. So the way I would think about the margin composition of our life sciences and diagnostics business in 2023 is our life sciences business should be above the company average diagnostics will be slightly below. And then you have about two to three points of headwind just from our corporate expenses. So I think that's kind of how I would think about the market splits for 2023.
Matt Sykes: Got it, thank you. And then just, Max post the debt pay-downs. Going into '24, how are you thinking about sort of a target net leverage, prior to any acquisitions like what's your comfortable range to be in sort of on an ongoing basis?
Max Krakowiak: Yes, I think it's a great question. So we are definitely committed to remaining investment-grade. And so, I think that's what you'll see sort of reflected in our comfort from a leverage perspective. That's probably the best way to think about it Matt.
Matt Sykes: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rachel Vatnsdal from JPMorgan. Rachel, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great, thanks for taking the question. And so first off there's been a lot of discussion on China as it relates to the diagnostic side business. But you also flagged some of those tailwinds related to the potential stimulus? So can you just give us some color on what's assumed within your guidance for China stimulus tailwind? And then how do you think Perkin position to benefit from that. And then on timing, how long do you think that that stimulus benefit could play-out for us? Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, hey Rachel good morning. It's on the stimulus. It's been only a week since folks have come back from the spring festival. So right now, our assumption is that if any - if we expect the stimulus to see strong growth or propelling strong growth that will be upside to our current assumption. But, I would say that we have just heard quite a bit of discussion around it. I think - the actions on that will be something that we look forward to see in the rest of this quarter and the next quarter.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Helpful. And then maybe just a follow-up on your comments around and consistent guidance throughout the year on that non-COVID organic growth so can you just clarify that you mean on a stack basis. So for example, 1Q is 9% on a two-year stack versus 13% in the prior year. So that imply more like a 5% organic growth in 1Q or kind of how should we think about that on that commentary? Thanks.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, hey Rachel. I think that's - exactly the right way to think about it, that sort of average 9% stack in Q1 would imply something in the mid-single-digit range for Q1.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great. And then last quick one from me. Just your commentary so you guys grew high single-digits ex COVID during 4Q in Europe, which was encouraging. But can you just talk about how have conversations with customers evolved in the past few weeks? It sounds like things have gotten better just from the energy crisis, less on severe winter than anyone was expecting. So what's your kind of outlook for Europe for the year as well? Thank you.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, I think for Europe. What we've implied is that the growth rate for 2023 should be a little bit less than. I think what we're saying from a company average standpoint, something in the mid to-high single-digits is probably our sort of assumption right now for Europe.
Prahlad Singh: And qualitatively, Rachel, what you said is pretty much what's playing out.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great to hear, that's it from me. Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question for today comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Vijay, your line is now open. Please go ahead. I'm sorry Vijay. We're not receiving any audio. Your line is now open. Please go ahead. Sorry Vijay - you might be on mute, sorry Vijay, we're not receiving any audio. My apologies we're not receiving any audio from Vijay.
Prahlad Singh: We will touch base with him. Post this.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, we'll follow-up with him. We can probably just wrap-up now. Thank you everyone for your time, your questions this morning and we look forward to speaking with everyone again next quarter. Take care.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-08 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the PerkinElmer Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. My name is Glen, and I'm your moderator for today's call.  I will now hand you over to your host, Steve Willoughby to begin. Steve, please go 
Steve Willoughby: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to PerkinElmers third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Prahlad Singh, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Max Krakowiak, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not yet received a copy of our earnings press release or slide presentation you may find copies of them on the Investors section of our website. Please note that this call is being webcast and will be archived on our website. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press releases issued earlier this morning and also those in our SEC filings. Statements or comments made on this call maybe forward-looking statements, which may include, but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested by any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP, we will provide reconciliations promptly. Ill now turn it over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Prahlad Singh. Prahlad?
Prahlad Singh: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. We achieved yet another excellent quarter in Q3, both financially and operationally again exceeding the financial commitments we have provided. This consistency in our results is a testament to both the resilient and reliable execution of our teams and the significant transformation of the company itself over the last several years. We have worked diligently to transform the company into an organization that functions at an exceptionally high level with strong operational and financial rigor. While at the same time strengthening our corporate culture and making a positive impact in the communities where we live and work. I'm especially proud that our team has continued to execute at a high level, while many individuals both internally and externally have been extremely busy over the last 90-days working through the necessary steps to ensure that the divestiture of our analytical, food and enterprise services business is accomplished with precision and on time. As it pertains to the planned divestiture, our teams are collaborating well and New Mountain Capital has been a great partner that has been appropriately engaged to ensure a smooth transition. We remain on track to complete the transaction in the first quarter of next year and to then unveil to the public a new corporate name, brand, and identity for the Life Sciences and Diagnostics business. While businesses are always evolving with the culmination of the closing of the divestiture and the rebranding of the remaining business, it will mark the completion of the major portfolio transformation we have undertaken over the last several years. We are very happy with the strength of our balance sheet and we'll look to redeploy the nearly $2 billion of after tax proceeds we will receive from the divestiture through a combination of funding upcoming debt maturities, opportunistic share repurchases and of course continued strategic and value creating M&A. Upon the transaction closing, we will become a more simplified company with over 80% of our revenue recurring in nature and nearly zero exposure to more cyclical end markets such as industrial, applied and environmental. We expect the Life Sciences and Diagnostics business to generate 10% percent organic growth and 30% operating margins following the divestiture with even stronger working capital dynamics consistent with the outlook we provided at the deal announcement last quarter. I appreciate all the effort that is going into completing this transaction by many of our employees, who are demonstrating their tenacity by simultaneously executing flawlessly on day-to-day operations, as evident in our strong third quarter results announced today. As it pertains to our third quarter results, I'm pleased to see the company again exceeded our initial expectations by generating 9% pro forma non-COVID organic revenue growth in the quarter, ahead of our 6% to 8% guidance. While FX was again a greater than anticipated headwind, the business was able to mitigate the impacts leading to pro forma adjusted EPS in the quarter of $1.51, solidly above the $1.40 to $1.45 we were anticipating. Max will provide more details later, but I was glad to see our Life Science business continuing to show outstanding performance by again growing in the double-digits, while the significant headwind from China lockdowns on our diagnostics business was in line with our expectations. This trend leads us to again increase our pro forma a non-COVID organic growth and pro forma adjusted EPS guidance for the full-year. All in all, heading into the end of the year, we are performing at a very high level across our entire business, including those divisions that we intend to divest. I'm looking forward to the first quarter of next year when we expect to begin operating as a more streamlined and focused high growth, high margin business that has leading positions in several attractive end markets. Our new Life Sciences and Diagnostics company will be dedicated to helping close the chasm between research in the lab and entering clinical trials and then from those trials to hopeful cures. I believe that our focus on enabling customers to invent and developing the next groundbreaking therapeutic or to effectively diagnose disease, we can build on the impact we are already having on global health and can meaningfully further improve the quality of life around the world in the years to come. Our increasing contribution to Global Health has always been driven by the new innovations we consistently bring to the market, who meet and anticipate customer needs in an ever changing field of science and health care. This innovative spirit was evident again over the last few months as we introduced a number of exciting new products across the business. In our Diagnostics business, our Oxford Immunotec franchise received FDA approval in late September for its T-cell select reagent kit and related complete workflow. This new workflow significantly increases the use of automation for our clinically superior T-SPOT .TB test for latent tuberculosis, dramatically reducing the amount of manual hands on time required to complete the test. I'm excited to see the impact that this even more competitive offering can have on this business over the coming quarters. As the U.S. market represents more than half of the global IGR and latent TB testing market, one in which Oxford has historically been underpenetrated. In our Life Sciences business, in addition to regularly introducing 100s of new consumables, antibodies and reagent kits each quarter, we recently launched the Celleca PLX system and workflow from our  (ph) business. This new system builds upon its existing highest revenue generating line, the nexolon business MX. The Cellica PLX is unique in the industry as it combines image cytometer with cell counting, allowing for scientists working in cell and gene therapy to perform both cell identification and cell viability work all in one instrument. This platform utilizes proprietary consumables that contain antibodies from our BioLegend business, as well as user friendly software, resulting in simplified scientific workflow, while also improving cell integrity. This is made possible due to the less potential cell damage as a result of reduced manual interaction throughout the analysis. Alongside positively contributing to the advancement of global health by leading with science, we also remain very focused on how the specific actions we take can impact our people and our communities. In our latest ESG report, which we published just yesterday, we highlight the significant progress we are making in these areas, from recently signing on to support the UN Global Compact to increasing our commitment to reducing our Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 50% by 2032. We are providing increased transparencies in areas such as our emissions, our diversity and our enhanced government policies. I encourage you to read more in the report and on our new ESG dedicated website, esg.perkinelmer.com. Moreover, its encouraging to see several third-party ESG rating agencies recognize our progress by recently, either upgrading or improving our various scores within their respective rating platforms. In closing, before I turn it over to Max, I again want to thank all our employees for their dedication and strong execution over the past few months, which has continued to enable us to perform at a very high level. This strong and consistent execution over not just the last 90-days, but over the last several years, during the time when there has been significant change occurring inside the company and around the world, has been what has allowed us to position both the business we intend to divest and the remaining Life Sciences and Diagnostics business on strong foundations for future success. I'm highly confident in our ability to continue to execute over the coming months as we complete the divestiture and look to redeploy the proceeds in the most value creating way possible. All while achieving the strong financial outlook, which we have outlined. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Max to provide more specifics on our recent performance and an update on our outlook. Max?
Max Krakowiak: Thanks, Prahlad, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by saying its been a pleasure to meet many of you over the last couple of months, and I look forward to connecting with many more of you in the near future. As Prahlad highlighted, we've had an active, but productive last few months in which our teams have been able to continue to perform at a very high level. This is evident in our strong Q3 performance, despite continued macro pressures, as well as the incremental activities many have undertaken internally since we announced our proposed divestiture back in early August. From a high level, we had another terrific quarter financially as we again were able to meet or exceed our guidance across the board. We generated pro forma total company adjusted revenues of $1.03 billion, which was at the high end of our expectations, despite foreign exchange pressures clearly coming in greater than we were facing 90-days ago. We are able to offset these incremental FX pressures with our pro forma organic revenue declining only 13%. This was driven by the company generating 9% pro forma non-COVID organic growth, which was above our 6% to 8% guidance. This growth includes an approximately 200 basis point headwind from significant pressures in some specific areas of our business in China, due to the continued lockdowns in the region. The double digit year-over-year decline we experienced in our immunodiagnostics business in China was in line with our expectations. These pressures were offset by continued strong double-digit non-COVID growth in our Diagnostics business outside of China, immunodiagnostics and continued double-digit organic growth in our DAS segment on a pro forma basis. Beyond our organic growth, the contributions from recent acquisitions added 8% to our total revenue in line with our expectations. Strong year-over-year growth from BioLegend helped contribute to mid-teens pro forma organic growth for our combined Life Science reagents portfolio overall in the quarter. While COVID-related revenues have continued to decrease meaningfully throughout the year, we were able to generate $54 million in total revenue from these products and services in the third quarter, which was slightly above our expectation. We continue to expect demand for our COVID-related offerings to decline sequentially and are assuming we reach our expected terminal run rate of $25 million per quarter of COVID-related revenues starting here in the fourth quarter. Finally, it shouldn't come as a surprise given what has occurred in the macro economy over the last few months, but foreign exchange was 6% headwind to our total revenue in the quarter. This impact was 200 basis points larger than we had projected in early August. From a margin perspective, we saw nice volume leverage and stronger pricing realization, while managing expenses well despite inflationary pressures continuing on a year-over-year basis. This led to pro forma adjusted operating margins of 26.3% in the quarter. Along with the organic revenue upside, this resulted in pro forma adjusted earnings per share of $1.51, which was $0.08 above the midpoint and $0.06 above the high-end of our expectations. Moving beyond the P&L, we continue to see solid cash generation in the quarter with adjusted free cash flow coming in at $144 million. We continued our deleveraging by paying down $58 million of debt in the quarter, including retiring our remaining $50 million of variable rate debt, resulting in a 2.4 times leverage at the end of the quarter. So far in the fourth quarter we have opportunistically retired an additional $45 million of our $1.3 billion of shorter duration debt, upon complete retirement of the shorter term debt over the next two years, we will have approximately $3.2 billion of debt outstanding at an average fixed interest rate of 2.6% with a seven year average duration. I'd now like to provide a bit more color on the performance of our businesses and what we are seeing in the end markets in which we participate. From a geographic perspective, our 9% non-COVID pro forma organic growth in the quarter was led by low double-digit growth in the Americas, while both Europe and Asia Pacific grew in the high single-digits. China was flat overall, but grew in the low double-digits, excluding the immunodiagnostics business, which was impacted by COVID lockdowns. When looking at our businesses, starting with our Discovery and Analytical Solutions segment, total pro forma revenue was $633 million in the quarter. This was up 23% year-over-year and represented 61% of our total revenue. Organically, this segment grew 12% on a pro forma basis with double-digit growth from pharma being partially offset by relatively flat performance from academic and government customers. We continue to see strong double-digit growth in our preclinical discovery business driven by strong growth in our imaging portfolio and as I previously mentioned, our overall Life Sciences reagent portfolio grew in the mid-teens year-over-year on a pro form a basis. Our informatics business continued to show strong organic growth and was up nearly 20% year-over-year. The applied analytical and enterprise services business that we intended to bet grew in the low double-digits, while our remaining Life Science business grew 14% organically overall in the quarter, and is on pace for strong double-digit growth for the full-year. Our Diagnostics segment generated $399 million of total revenue in the quarter, which was down 39% and represented 39% of our overall total revenue. Organically, the business was down 33%, due to significantly lower COVID volumes year-over-year. However, on a non-COVID basis, the business was up 5%, which included an approximate 500 basis point headwind impact from the China lockdown pressures that we faced in the quarter, primarily in our immunodiagnostics business. As previously mentioned, the lockdown related headwinds we face in China remain significant. These pressures that were in line with our expectations resulted in our immunodiagnostics business in the country being down in the mid to high-teens year-over-year organically. Outside of China, our immunodiagnostics business grew in the mid-teens organically excluding COVID, an improvement from the low double-digit to us up in the second quarter. These geographically differing rates of growth combined to result in low single-digit non-COVID organic growth for our immunodiagnostics business overall in the quarter. Our reproductive health business grew in the high single-digits on a non-COVID basis in the quarter as we saw strong growth in Europe and solid growth in both the Americas and Asia Pacific. Despite continued pressures on global birth rates, the high single-digit organic growth we saw in the quarter continued to be driven by a combination of new product introductions ramping up along with further geographic expansion in our new burn screening business. While still relatively small on an absolute basis, our prenatal screening business continues to also benefit from significant year-over-year growth from Vanadis, which is the only non-NGS-based NIPT offering on the market. In our Applied Genomics business, we saw mid single-digit non-COVID organic growth against a greater than 50% year ago comparison. This business, which provides instruments and kits that are used in DNA sequencing sample prep work, and other liquid handling has now grown at an upper teens rate on average over the last three years. It continues to benefit strong non-COVID demand from our pharma customers, success from recently introduced new products and likely some continued share gain. We look forward to the upcoming commercial launch before year-end of our recently introduced biofuel NGS sample prep system, which we expect will help bring more automation to an even broader set of potential customers. In total, the Life Sciences and Diagnostics business that will become the new company once the divestiture is finalized, grew 8% organically excluding COVID, which also included a 300 basis points headwind from lockdown-related pressures on our immunodiagnostics business in China. Looking ahead to the final three months of the year, we continue to remain in a very good position despite the macro concerns and currently expect no change in our previous outlook for the fourth quarter beyond the incremental FX pressures we are facing. We are expecting 8% to 9% non-COVID pro forma organic growth in the fourth quarter, which includes our assumption that we will continue to encounter material year-over-year declines in our immunodiagnostics business in China, due to lockdown-related impacts. We expect this to result in 9% overall non-COVID pro forma organic growth for the full-year. For just the Life Sciences and Diagnostics business, which will remain once we complete our planned divestiture, we are expecting approximately 8% non-COVID organic growth in the fourth quarter, which includes an expected 200 basis point headwind from lockdown-related pressures in China. For the full-year, this translates into approximately 9% organic growth in the business that will remain, which includes a 300 basis point headwind from the China lockdowns. We continue to expect $610 million of revenue from COVID for the full-year with $25 million expected in the fourth quarter as I mentioned earlier. With all of our recent acquisitions now fully in our organic growth base, we expect zero M&A contribution in the fourth quarter and anticipate M&A to contribute 7 points to pro forma growth for the full-year, the same impact we've been expecting since the beginning of the year, despite incremental FX pressures. We now expect FX to be a 7% headwind to pro forma growth in the fourth quarter, which is a few hundred basis points more of an impact than we had assumed three months ago. This brings our full-year assumed impact from FX to now be 5%, up from our prior 35 expectation. This guidance leads the fourth quarter to have expected total pro forma revenue and $1.06 billion to $1.07 billion range and $4.59 billion to $4.60 billion for the full-year. Moving to below the line items, we continue to expect $104 million of net interest and other expenses for the full-year with $25 million expected in the fourth quarter. Additionally, we expect the 20% tax rate this quarter leading to an estimated tax rate of 21% for the full-year, unchanged from our prior outlook. In terms of pro forma adjusted EPS, we are raising our full-year guidance to a new range of $7.89 to $7.91, which accounts for our outperformance in the third quarter and includes no change to our prior assumptions for the fourth quarter outside of the incremental FX pressures, I discussed. The fourth quarter pro forma adjusted EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.65 to $1.67. All of this guidance is detailed on the second to last page of today's earnings presentation that is on our new investor website. In closing, while macro uncertainty still remain, I feel great about how we are positioned as a company moving forward. We've consistently shown our ability to perform abd execute at a high level despite unexpected challenges and are confident in our ability to work towards a smooth closing of our proposed divestiture and to achieve our full potential thereafter. There is an incredible opportunity in front of us at PerkinElmer. We have the team, we know how to execute and we are hungry to help define the future of Life Sciences and Diagnostics, while continuing to deliver long-term value to our shareholders, we couldn't be more excited. With that, operator, at this time we would like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you.  We have our first questions comes from Dan Arias from Stifel. Dan, your line is now open.
Dan Arias: Good morning, guys. Max, obviously a lot of moving parts on COGS these days, so on the gross margin profile, how are you feeling about the 60% level that you talked about post-spin or that you guys talk about post-spin just given that it looks like you're more like the mid-60s right now? And then on the op margin line, the 30% target, 30%-plus, just curious how the allocated cost piece influences the ability to get there post-spin? Do you think that happens more towards the end of the year? Where can that be at that level closer to 1Q following the completion of the deal?
Max Krakowiak: Yes. Hey, Dan. So I think maybe starting with the first question on the gross margin. I would say we are very confident in the ability to be sort of the 60%-plus range coming out of the gate in terms of the remaining business. If you think about the gross margin level we had in the third quarter coming in at the mid-50s, you had to remember too that had the mix of the AES business, which we are divesting, which is dilutive to the overall company mix. And so again, we feel very confident in the 60%-plus gross margin exiting the divestiture. And then on the overall operating margins, the way I would think about the 30% is that is what we will achieve in the first 12-months post deal closure. Obviously, there's a little bit of timing noise with when it will close here in Q1. But in the first 12-months, the 30% is what we are targeting for the overall company.
Dan Arias: Okay, helpful. Maybe on Diagnostics, what's the current thought on just the recovery for ImmunoDx in China? How that might shake out? And then when we think about next year, how much does the 10%-plus organic target depend on a rebound there to start 23? Prahlad, I think last quarter you said that you expect to be at the 10%-plus level after the close. So just checking to see whether you think the diagnostic business is expected to sort of be in a place that allows that to happen early in the year? Thanks, much.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Thanks, Dan. Good morning, again, I think on both of them, as we've talked about the immunodiagnostics business, it is performing well out outside the lockdowns ex-China, but even in China, it is pretty much -- it was in line to the expectations that we had in third quarter as to what it would do. And the assumption that we have made and I think it's declining high-single is what our assumption is for the fourth quarter and we expect it to be in that range. Going into next year, obviously, one is naturally the comp would be much easier for the IDX China business. But overall, just with the NPIs that we have in place coming out of reproductive health, the health of the Applied Genomics business and China coming out of the lockdowns, we feel pretty good about the numbers that we have for diagnostics too.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question comes from Derik de Bruin from Bank of America.
Derik de Bruin: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Hey, just can you sort of talk about, I was bouncing around a little bit this morning, but can you talk a little bit about just for some of the dynamics, particularly in Europe that you're seeing right now? And also just your generally preliminary thoughts on FX headwinds for next year and interest expense, I know you're paying down some debt, but just some general guidance so we can help trying to itterate those numbers? Thanks.
Max Krakowiak: Yes. Hey, Derik. So starting with the Europe question, so in the third quarter, we saw Europe performing for the remaining business was in the low double-digit range and that was with both DX and Life Sciences, relatively around the same level. I think as we look towards Q4, we anticipate still I think strong performance in the Life Sciences business, Diagnostics had a really strong third quarter across all end markets. Maybe that's a little bit slower here in the fourth quarter. But I'd say overall, we are not seeing anything that is a major concern in Europe. And then moving over to your comment on interest expense for next year, the interest expense is, although we are paying down some debt, I think the important thing to note is that the debt that we will be paying off will be at a very low interest rate. So the $1.3 billion that were coming due over the course of the next two years, the interest expense is less than 1%. So, although there will be some benefit, I don't think it will be something that will be overly material. And then on your last question for FX for next year. Right now, we are impacting FX to have about 3% headwind to 2023 revenues.
Derik de Bruin: Got it. Thank you. And any -- are you still expecting to take -- I mean, what was the price realization in the quarter? And are you still expecting to take price next year?
Max Krakowiak: Yes. So I think for the third quarter in price, we were pleased with the results. It's going to get a couple of dynamics there. So one, if you remember in the first quarter, I think we did 75 basis points, in the second quarter, we did about 150 bps, and in the third quarter, we saw more than 200 basis points from a pricing and that's kind of in line with what we had expected to see. We do anticipate that again, kind of, stepping up here in the fourth quarter. As we've talked about, it takes a while for all of your annual contracts to renew. And then we do expect to have elevated price performance again in 2023. Yes, I think this is one of the areas that we've been most pleased with our ability to operationally execute this year and we expect it to continue for next year. And then I apologize, was there a second question in there as well?
Derik de Bruin: No, that was it. Thank you.
Max Krakowiak: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question comes from Jack Meehan from Nephron Research. Jack, your line is now open.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to follow-up on Deriks first question and just get any updated thoughts on the speed at which you'll redeploy proceeds after the spin? Just trying to think about NewCo EPS in 2023, it sounds like M&A as you preference especially given the fixed rate debt at low interest rates? Is an ASR something you would consider to offset some of the spin dilution?
Prahlad Singh: So, you know, let me take the win on the broader strategic level, Jack. As you've said, right, you know, we will continue to be diligent on how we deploy capital as it comes through and no. We'll continue to look at the three combination that we've talked about earlier, whether it's being opportunistic on share buybacks, on paying down debt and on the M&A side. Again, on the M&A side, our number one focus is to ensure a smooth close to the transaction that we've announced and ensure the integrations that we have ongoing on the acquisitions that we have made are complete, which to a big degree they are already there. And then look at opportunistic deals that we can do that would fit to any gaps that we might have on our portfolio. So that trend is not going to change and I think we'll continue on that path. Was there a second part, do you mention, Jack?
Jack Meehan: I don't know if you want to address specifically in ASR. Is that something you would consider?
Prahlad Singh: Max, go ahead.
Max Krakowiak: Yes, I think as Prahlad mentioned, I think the priority for capital deployment after paying back the short-term debt over the next two years is going to be from an M&A, an organic investment standpoint, which we do have other areas that we are very excited about. I mean, obviously, we'll continue to watch with slowing down with the market, but I don't think the share buyback or ASR is the primary focus of capital deployment.
Jack Meehan: Fair. Okay. And then the follow-up, just on BioLegend, by my math based on the M&A contribution in DAS, it looked like it had a nice sequential step up in revenues. So I was wondering if you could just talk about maybe any quarterly dynamics and how that business is performing?
Prahlad Singh: And again, Jack, I think the answer you'll get from us is the same. Our Life Sciences Reagents business overall did very well, including BioLegend, all of it has had strong low double-digit growths overall. And it continues to perform in life -- in line with our overall reagents growth business that we are seeing at mid-teens from a pro forma growth perspective and continues to do well, we could not be happier with their acquisition. Teams performing and executing on all fronts. Thanks, Jack.
Operator: Thank you.
Steve Willoughby: Operator? Thank you.
Operator: We have our next question comes from Josh Waldman from Cleveland Research. Josh, your line is now open.
Josh Waldman: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple for you on RemainCo, I think you said RemainCo grew 11% ex the China lockdown headwinds. And that was -- I think that was with a softer academic end market. Can you remind us RemainCo's exposure to academic and government and any color on how RemainCo performed in those accounts? And then as we look at the or think about the comp set up for 23 in light of a softer academic, I mean, does that change the dynamic as presumably those accounts start to come back online more fully?
Max Krakowiak: Yes. So I think speaking maybe overall to the academic and government portfolio that we'll have for the remaining business, it will kind of be a high single-digit percentage of the overall company. And then to answer your second question on how does it impact the 10% for next year? I think, look, there's obviously puts and takes across portfolio, but I think, again, we feel confident in our ability to hit 10% plus organic growth next year and I think that's part of the assumption.
Josh Waldman: Got it. Thanks. And then it would be helpful to hear you talk through how synergies are tracking across the five to six or so acquisitions you've done in the last two years. I guess any examples you could point to that suggests you've seen improved customer adoption, because these assets are now within the PKI platform? And then how that's being considered in your -- I guess 10% plus organic growth guide for RemainCo in 23?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Hey, Josh, this is Prahlad. I think the -- you know, the answer to your second part of the question is that the number that we have put out 10% organic growth includes synergies, because all the acquisitions are now pretty much integrated. I gave two examples of synergies that we are already seeing on the technology front in my prepared remarks, the Celleca system that Nexcelom launched has BioLegend antibodies that are attached to it. The other one is if you look at the T-SPOT approval that we got from the automation component that has around it as the liquid handling capability, et cetera, that comes the legacy PerkinElmer applied genomics business. So those are two very near-term examples or real life examples of how the integration is already, its not a work in progress anymore, its actually in motion and it's being executed as we speak.
Josh Waldman: Got it. Appreciate it, guys.
Prahlad Singh: Yes.
Operator: Thank you, Josh. We have our next question comes from Catherine Schulte from Baird. Catherine, your line is now open.
Catherine Schulte: Hey, guys. Thanks for the questions. First, now that the COVID side of your business was moderated, what are you seeing in terms of early signs of your customers shifting that capacity to non-COVID applications? And how do you view what that tailwind could look like for the non-COVID diagnostic side in 23 as COVID testing further winds down?
Prahlad Singh: Welcome back, Catherine. I think the way I would look at the COVID portfolio, right? I think, again, it will be -- it will continue. And then again, my speculation is as good as anybody is on this. It continues to be sporadic in nature and it continues to be regional in nature. For example, you have this sporadic lockdowns in China that I think over the next couple of quarters will continue to be deployed. Post-schools opening or post-vacation in Europe, we saw a slight spur in that, so I think as we go forward, the $100 million baseline that we have assumed for 2023 will essentially be a combination of what we provide in terms of our chemagen portfolio, PCR's, instruments and a combination of all thereof. And then I think the $100 million number is the baseline that we would assume for 2023.
Catherine Schulte: Okay, got it. And then for China, can you just talk a little bit about what your overall growth expectation is for the fourth quarter? And I know in the past you have not been impacted by any volume based pricing initiatives or tender processes, but anything new you're seeing on that front in China, primarily on the diagnostic side?
Max Krakowiak: Yes. So Catherine, maybe to answer the tactical question of our expectations for China here in the fourth quarter, so again, China is the one region where we have seen the pressures from the immunodiagnostics business. But overall for the remaining business in China for the fourth quarter, we are expecting about high single-digits growth. Obviously, if you then normalize it for the IDX headwinds, which we have assumed is a negative high single-digits here in the fourth quarter. China would be even better than that excluding that portfolio. But I think we are very confident of what we're seeing in our China business and the team continues to perform very well.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. And to your second question, Catherine, I think we have not yet seen pricing based pressure, but it's not going to be too far. Eventually, it will start showing up. As we've talked earlier, it's more on the routine testing that you have -- that people are seeing pressure on tenders, but I think eventually it will get there. But on the con side to that, I think the lower -- the more mass pricing model will bring more people into testing. So the overall volume growth will hopefully help take care of any impact that we will have from pricing.
Catherine Schulte: Okay, great. Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question comes from Liza Garcia from UBS. Liza, your line is now open.
Liza Garcia: Great. Good morning, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. I guess, first of all, sticking on the topic of China and kind of thinking about made for China -- in China. Can you provide an update on kind of where you sit with the diagnostic business and localization of manufacturing and kind of how that's ramping? I know that you had a facility in Beijing that came on this year?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Liza, so on the reproductive health side outside of Shanghai, we pretty much have transferred most of our products that are manufactured, developed in China for China and the local products have an NPA approvals. It was on -- in Beijing was on the EUROIMMUN side of the business, where we had started transitioning products for China in China. I would say probably 35% to 45% of our EUROIMMUN portfolio for China is now manufactured in China and hopefully the rest of it will be done in 2023.
Liza Garcia: Great. Super helpful. And then maybe in this -- but I haven't heard any backlog commentary. I would love to kind of just kind of get some if you could just maybe speak to the backlog and kind of the trends you're seeing there and kind of how it gives you some maybe some confidence in 4Q and whether it can give you any early reads into 2023?
Max Krakowiak: Yes. So from a backlog perspective, I would say overall, we are still at an elevated level versus historical -- from a historical perspective. And as we continue to kind of work through some of the supply chain challenges, that picture really hasn't changed as much quarter-over-quarter. Obviously, as the supply chain picture gets better, we will continue to burn through that backlog, but I think we feel very confident with the setup we have from backlog perspective, and we didn't see any sort of significant erosion in the third quarter. It's kind of business as usual.
Liza Garcia: Great. Thanks so much guys.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question comes from Matt Sykes from Goldman Sachs. Matt, your line is now open.
Matt Sykes: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just to start on reproductive health, you know, you had high single-digit organic growth in the quarter. Obviously, the birth rate is consistent headwind going forward. But can you maybe talk about some of the trends you're seeing in reproductive health driving that high single-digit organic growth? And then any update on Vanadis in terms of installed base and growth for that instrument?
Prahlad Singh: Sure, Matt. I think, you know, the -- one of the drivers of growth for reproductive health is the one you pointed out in the latter part of your comment, which is Vanadis. As it -- even though as Max said, it starts off a small base, its continued growth is obviously favorably impacting reproductive health. We've also talked a lot about the new NPIs that we continue to launch. So menu expansion, geographic expansion continues to help us despite the pressures that we have from both rates. And I think even on the birth rate side, I would say the U.S. has turned around the corner and we tend to have more real time data. And I think, you know, the birth rate trends in the U.S. are ticking back upwards. So I would say those are the three drivers, Matt that are negatively impacting the reproductive health segment. 
Matt Sykes: And then Max maybe just on overall customer inventory levels in Life Sciences? I'm sure shelf life kind of mitigates some of this. Could you maybe talk about any kind of customer level customer inventory levels as you see that you saw in this quarter and moving forward?
Max Krakowiak: Yes, Matt, I don't think we've seen anything that's out of the ordinary. Again, our Life Sciences business in the third quarter grew mid-teens and we continue to be excited about what we're seeing from an order perspective. But overall, I don't think we're seeing anything abnormal from a customer inventory level.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. And also Matt, if you , remember we've talked about this, right? 80% of our revenue is a regular run rate business for RemainCo now. And these are all vials and assays and tests. So it's not that customers are going to keep a whole lot of inventory for those products. So it really does not -- it becomes a moot issue for us going forward.
Matt Sykes: Perfect. Thanks for the color.
Prahlad Singh: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Vijay, your line is now open.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the steady print share. Prahlad, maybe my first one for you, so I've shared all the color on the outlook for the base business, confidence in double-digit organic for fiscal 23. But what is the right base in fiscal 22, when you think about year-to-date trends in the base business and the implied Q4 guidance? I think we get to $3.3 billion should be back out $600 million of COVID. Is $2.7 billion the right base? Or I think in the past you've spoken about $100 million of sustainable COVID revenues. Is that baked into that $2.7 million? Or maybe just give us some color on what is the right number?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Vijay, so from a base business perspective, let's first start with the 2022 results. I think overall for 2022 for the base business, our guidance implies 9% organic growth and that is with a 300 basis point headwind from our IDX China business. So if you normalize for that, our remaining business is growing low double-digits for 2022. In terms of the modeling for next year, so if you take the $3.3 million, the way I do it is back off the $600 million of COVID and then add back $100 million for -- run rates that should get you to about $2.8 million for your base.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful. And then maybe one on margins here at 3Q, I'm assuming 3Q is the right run rate given minimal COVID revenues. We get to RemainCo  (ph) margins of 31.4% and I think you noted 30%-plus confidence in fiscal 2023. Is the delta between $30 million and $31 million plus dis synergies?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. So I'd say Vijay, there's a couple of dynamics in play there. And maybe first, just to correct one point, I wouldn't say there is minimal COVID levels in Q3, if you sort of quarterize $100 million you get to about $25 million a quarter versus the $54 million that we did in 3Q. So it's still elevated from a COVID standpoint. In terms of the margins, for -- I think what you're asking is basically how do I think about the continuing ops margins versus the margins that we expect for the remaining business going forward? And I would say there's really two dynamics you need to consider. One is because of discounts reporting, we are required to keep all shared costs in continuing ops. So that's extra cost that the continuing ops P&L is burdening. The second piece is that again in 3Q, we had elevated COVID and I think for full-year of 2022, weve got $600 million of COVID, which is not the COVID expectation we will have for next year. And I think we've been pretty consistent saying in the past that COVID is an elevated gross margin versus our normal company average. And so those are two variables you need to consider. But overall, we are very confident in the 30% margin that we will have in the first 12-months post deal closure.
Vijay Kumar: Sorry, just to clarify that 31.4% in 3Q for RemainCo LSDX operating margins, that includes trended costs.
Max Krakowiak: And in theory, it does because again, if you think that's what I mentioned with the discounts reporting gross we are required to keep the extra shared costs in continuing ops P&L. And so yes, you could think of it similarly to trended costs, its not the exact same dollar amount, but yes, the concept is the same.
Vijay Kumar: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly from Citi. Patrick, your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, this is  (ph) on for Patrick. Maybe just a follow-up on gross margin, it sounds like you expect to continue to have elevated price performance in the fourth quarter of next year. So just curious what you're seeing maybe on the input cost side and anything to flag across the supply chain or logistics there?
Max Krakowiak: Jason, I'd say there's anything to necessarily flag, I think we've seen somewhat of a steady state quarter-over-quarter from an inflation product standpoint. I think also we've been consistent in the past saying that the inflationary pressure we are seeing on the divested business is much greater than what we are seeing on the Life Science and Diagnostics side. That's not to say it doesn't exist on the Life Science and Diagnostic side, but it's not at the same level of materiality. And then look, I'd say from a gross margin productivity standpoint, you're absolutely right. We are seeing continued good traction from a pricing perspective and then we've also got productivity initiatives that are ongoing well across logistics and freight that are starting to bear fruit here. And so I think we're feeling pretty confident with the gross margin performance of the remaining business.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe just a follow-up on China, you mentioned you might be expecting another few quarters of lockdowns there? And then another couple of 100 basis point headwind in the fourth quarter. So 423 in that 10% percent number, are you baking in any assumptions for prolonged markdowns in the year? Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: Well, I think from our perspective, we are assuming for business to start getting back to normal in China with the lockdown still easing down. I think the obvious thing would be from an comp perspective, it would be a very easy comp to overcome. And that's assumed in the guidance there.
Operator: Thank you. We have our final questions from Max Masucci from Cowen & Co. Max, your line is now open.
Max Masucci: Hey, thanks for taking the questions. So the California prenatal screening program kicked off on September 19, shortly after we did see a promotion for a preliminary injunction, some companies are excluded. But -- and just be great to hear some high level thoughts around your experience with the California prenatal screening program so far? And then just any expectations for how the program could contribute to reproductive health growth?
Prahlad Singh: Hey, good morning, Max. So yes, the program went live in California for us early October. I would say, look, the injunction doesn't really impact our existing business there and things could always change, but we are just in the process of currently starting to ramp up. And in terms of the impact, as we've talked about, the way to look at it is to measure the performance of our overall reproductive health business, of which Vanadis and prenatal is a part of. And we expect that to continue to show a healthy growth trend. So doing well, but it's just in its early stages of ramp up, I guess. It's the way I would think of.
Max Masucci: Great. And then can you just maybe give us a sense for how many of the MX cell counters are placed in the field? Or just how many of those customers are logical adopters of the PLX bench top system? And then whether you do consider that the PLX launch a meaningful new driver of BioLegend antibody evidence?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Max. Well continue to sell both obviously the MX and the PLX. I think the MX is a significant upgrade to the PLX is a significant upgrade to the MX product, which is out there. As I mentioned earlier, the benefit of it is it does both be cytometry and cell counting while maintaining the viability of the cells and it also allows us the opportunity to attach BioLegend antibodies to it along with the software that goes with it. In terms of how many units and how many numbers of you know MX or PLX are there? I really don't have, you know, exact number that I can share with you. And then I think the way I would measure is continue to look at the performance of our overall Life Sciences business rather than a particular product. Nexcelom is being a great acquisition, its probably been one of our biggest success stories and how smoothly the integration has gone. And the way the teams have worked across in terms of combining it with the total workflow that we present to our customers, it's been a home run for us.
Max Masucci: Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Max. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next questions comes from Rachel Vatnsdal from JPMorgan. Rachel your line is now open.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Perfect. Thanks for squeezing me in. So just first off, on Oxford Immunotec, great to hear that you guys got the FDA approval of T-Cell Select. So can you just talk about if that was really in line with your expectations for timing? And then how much material could that approval be?
Prahlad Singh: Good morning, Rachel. Again, what was approved by the FDA in terms of timing, we had expected it to come in the mid to late summer and that investment where it ended up. I think in terms of the impact it does is that obviously as you probably know U.S. represents slightly more than 50% of the global latent TB testing market. So from a revenue perspective, it will be very beneficial that while the clinical superiority of the Oxford's test, is known. It did require more labor to produce a result. So what it does now is now with this approval and addition of the workflow, it allows for much more efficient workflow to be in place. And then I think working with our partner in the U.S., which is a question or we have -- we look forward to this becoming making it much more competitive and much more automated in the U.S. marketplace.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great. And then just a follow-up on some of the earlier questions about capital deployment, you guys have said that M&A is going to be one of the main priorities post-divestiture. So can you just spend a minute talking about how private valuations have been in that M&A market? And then on leverage, just what type of leverage would you guys stretch to on RemainCo, post-divestiture onto the  that many deals that you plan to deal? Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Rachel. I think we'll continue to be investment grade. Let's start there, so that's not going to change. In terms of the valuations on the private side, I mean, as you know very well, the kinds of deals we do, they do not happen overnight and we tend to be much more focused on founder entrepreneur, kinds of, companies. And I would say that they really have not -- there hasn't really been much change in the expectations for potential targets in that space, because those generally do not tend to be in a hurry to sell off their businesses and it does take time. Again, we are not in a rush either. We will continue to be very diligent and very strategic and the acquisitions that we will bring to the table. So I would say that we haven't seen much meaningful change in anything versus what it was, I would say, two, three quarters ago is probably the best way to answer your question.
Operator: Thank you. We have no more further questions on the line. I will now hand back to Steve Willoughby for closing remarks.
Steve Willoughby: Thank you. Thank you everybody for your time and your questions this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter and happy voting. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-05 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Abby, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Perkin Elmer second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After our speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer session. . Thank you. And I will now turn the conference over to Steve Willoughby, vice president of investor relations. Mr. Willoughby, you may begin your conference.
Stephen Willoughby: Thank you, Abby. And good morning, everyone. And welcome to Perkin Elmer's second quarter, 2022 earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Prahlad Singh, our president and chief executive officer and Jamie Mock, our senior vice president and chief financial officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release or the 2 separate slide presentations we published this morning, you may find copies of them on the investor section of our website. Please note that this call is being webcast and will be archived on our website. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone of the safe harbor statements that we have outlined in our press releases issued earlier this morning and also those in our SEC filing. Statements or comments made on this call may be forward looking statements which may include, but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested by any forward looking statements due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Any forward looking statements made today represent our views as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP, we will provide reconciliations promptly. With that, I'd now like to turn it over to our president and chief executive officer, Prahlad Singh. Prahlad.
Prahlad Singh: Thanks, Steve. And good morning, everyone. Clearly, we have a lot to cover today and I thank you for taking the time to adjust your schedules and join us to discuss our exciting news. Today marks one of the most significant developments in the 80-plus year history of Perkin Elmer. As you know, we have been executing a significant portfolio transformation over the last few years. Today, we've announced a pivotal agreement that accelerates this work and establishes us as a leading pure play, high growth, high margin, life sciences and diagnostics company with scale. in particular, we have reached a definitive agreement whereby we intend to divest our analytical food and enterprise service businesses to New Mountain Capital. We will become a company that has greater focus, less complexity, and extremely high recurring revenue mix, improved profitability and faster growth. At the same time with New Mountain Capital, the analytical and enterprise solutions business will receive increased focus and dedicated investment, which should accelerate its ability to reach its full potential. In addition to creating significant shareholder value, we believe this transaction will lead to superior service and outcomes for customers and increased opportunity for employees. More on this exciting transformation in a minute. As Jamie will touch on in more detail in the moment, we also announced earnings this morning. We had an outstanding quarter in Q2, which meaningfully exceeded our guidance on both the top and bottom line, despite various continuing macro pressures. This excellent operating and financial performance is a Testament to our employees resilience and the portfolio shift that we have been pursuing over the past few years. I'm also pleased to share with you that we are raising our full year revenue, organic growth and EPS guidance by a level above and beyond our performance here in the second quarter. While various pressures will likely always exist, the increase to our guidance highlights our confidence in our business and our ability to execute in the face of unanticipated challenges. Now looking at slide 2 off the transaction related slide deck, with this agreement, we intend to divest our analytical food and enterprise businesses, including one source to New Mountain Capital for a total consideration of $2.45 billion. This includes $2.3 billion in cash upon closing and $150 million of future contingent consideration. We expect to receive approximately $1.9 billion of net after tax proceeds when the deal closes in Q1 of 2023. This transaction will result in the remaining life sciences and diagnostics business, having a unique financial profile that is high growth, high margin, is less cyclical, all while retaining significant scale. It also further increases our flexibility and allows us to solely focus on these attractive end markets. The new business that will be owned by New Mountain Capital will consist of almost 6,000 current employees, and is expected to generate approximately $1.3 billion in revenue this year. I'm confident that a focused vision and growth plan will enable this business to flourish in the years to come by building upon its existing competitive advantages and reestablishing leadership positions in some. As part of this transaction, we intend to transfer Perkin Elmer brand name logo and other marketing elements to the new owner, which we expect will be an important asset, given the long history and strong reputation in these markets in particular. Prior to closing, which we expect to occur in the first quarter of 2023, we expect to introduce a new brand name and stock ticker for the life sciences and diagnostics business. Until closing, both businesses will continue to operate as they currently do under the Perkin Elmer name and the existing enterprise will continue to trade under the PKI ticker. Now moving to the life sciences and diagnostics business on slide 3, which are existing senior management team and myself will continue to lead. I could not be more excited, not only for how we have gotten here, but also for the significant potential of what we expect to achieve. Upon the closing of this transaction, we will become a leading edge science first company fixated on driving new innovations for our customers from a best-in-class preclinical discovery franchise with significant breadth and expertise crossing over to our leading diagnostic franchises that are developing next generation innovations to help diagnose the world's still unmet medical needs. As you see on slide 3, it has been quite the evolution of our portfolio over just the last 4 years. Through intentional internal investments and strategic value creating acquisitions, including our BioLegend acquisition last year, we took important steps to shift the profile of the company over just the last 3 years. The company has gone from generating only 60% of its revenue from our target markets to upon the closing of the sale of our applied food and enterprise services businesses, having a portfolio that is singularly focused on these highly attractive, less cyclical end markets, outstanding margins and a highly that current revenue mix. We expect an approximately 500 basis point uplift in gross margins once this transaction is complete, putting us over the 60% range going forward. This transformation redefines the financial profile of the company and results in even greater opportunities for investment that will meaningfully improve how we serve our customers and bring new innovations to the market. We expect the focus we achieve as a pure play will allow for even greater strategic operational decision making and a unified commercial approach to deliver for our customers even better than we already are doing. Additionally, we will be able to align our internal and external investment priorities more closely to further capitalize on the strong market growth potential that we expect in the years to come. We couldn't be more excited about the potential of this new, more efficient structure and the impact it will have on our ability to innovate and execute to an even stronger degree than we already are doing. So now, moving to slide 4. As you see here, the new life sciences and diagnostics company will have its revenue fairly evenly split between the 2 segments with each having significant addressable markets. It'll also be balanced and diverse across geographies with approximately 45% of non-COVID revenues coming in the Americas, 25% coming from greater Europe, and approximately 30% coming from Asia, of which approximately 18% is in China. As we've been increasingly highlighting to you over the past 2 years, our life sciences franchise is acutely focused on preclinical research and discovery solutions, which help our customers develop new scientific breakthroughs. This business has grown significantly over the last several years, both through low double digit organic growth on average over the last 3 years and via meaningful inorganic additions. Today, we are able to offer both a small molecule and increasingly our large molecule focused customers, more complete preclinical discovery workflows, which we are rapidly building upon, as we continue to bring new innovations to the market. Our diagnostics franchise has also undergone a significant transformation over the last few years and has now nearly tripled in size as compared to 2015 on a non-COVID basis. Diagnostics is focused on delivering highly sensitive, easy-to-use assays that targets specific disease states, where we have a strong competitive position in markets with favorable underlying demand trends. A diagnostics business now has the size and capabilities to act as a platform to propel future additions we may add over time, allowing them to perform at an even higher level than what they are able to do on their own. 2 recent examples of this are our entry into the latent tuberculosis market and are beginning to offer a broad menu of chemiluminescent assays and related analyzers. Put simply, our more focused new company is built to help close the chasm between research and the clinic, all the way through to diagnosis and treatment. Now, moving to slide 5, let me provide a few additional specifics about what a life science business is, what we are focused on today, and at a high level where we see it going in the future? Today, life sciences is a greater than $1.3 billion franchise growing in the low double digits organically. Approximately, 80% of this business is recurring in nature with the remainder being instrumentation. I note the $0.4 billion of instrumentation revenue shown on the slide does include related service revenue. This cohesive business segment is focused on rapidly introducing new innovations that are intended to help our customers expedite their own preclinical development and scientific discovery. Our leadership positions in reagents, consumables, instruments, and software provide complete workflow solutions, which enables our customers to make informed decisions more quickly by replicating a clinical experience in a pre-clinical setting. This ultimately helps lower our R&D costs by shortening development times and driving higher success rates downstream. We do this with market leading positions across our entire life sciences business, such as preclinical imaging and detection, cellular analysis, biomarker kits, single cell and flow cytometry reagents, and cloud based lab informatics. We bring this broad and rapidly expanding consumable portfolio together with our market leading instrumentation to help drive discovery across the spectrum of science with a strong focus in the areas of cell and gene therapy and single cell analysis in particular. This business is at the forefront of new scientific discoveries that can have a profound impact on the medicines and therapies that are ultimately brought to market, which can help treat and save lives around the world. Moving to slide 6, our diagnostics portfolio is comprised of leading franchises in specific markets that we believe have outsized growth potential, where we can have strong and durable competitive positions and drive an expected overall high single digit growth rate going forward. As mentioned earlier, this business has expanded significantly over the past few years, going from being singularly focused on reproductive health to one that now spans a number of important clinical diagnostic categories with number one or 2 market positions in areas such as autoimmune diseases, latent tuberculosis, allergy, and a variety of infectious diseases. We also now have a much stronger position in next generation sequencing, sample prep instruments and related consumables in our applied genomics business. Our applied genomics franchise has seen its install base of equipment increase materially over the last 2 years during the period. With our new streamline structure and increased focus within the company, combined with our stronger market positioning over the last few years, applied genomics is well positioned to bridge our life sciences and clinical diagnostics franchises to help drive new innovation and growth across the company, including the support of select areas in the clinical development of therapeutics. As you can see, our immunodiagnostics franchise represent the largest piece of our overall diagnostics business with an estimated $1.1 billion in revenue this year with our reproductive health businesses representing roughly half a billion in annual revenue and our applied genomics business expected to be around $400 million in revenue this year, which is up significantly from before the pandemic. And now on slide 7, our transformed company will have tremendous benefits for all our stakeholders. For our customers it'll mean that we can now better and more quickly respond to their unmet needs by using a scale to drive scientific collaboration across our organization, leading to novel solutions and offerings. We will have the flexibility to respond to our customers in the most efficient manner possible walking side by side with them to develop new scientific breakthroughs in drug discovery, translational medicine, and disease detection. For the employees, the transformation will result in increased managerial focus that is properly aligned to drive growth and achieve our respective goals. We will also be able to deploy our internal and external investments in a more focused way. By doing so, the even stronger financial profile of the new life sciences and diagnostics business will lead to new opportunities for internal collaboration, new growth accelerators, and a greater ability to develop our people. I think this combination sets up the future for our employees extremely well and will further enhance our ability to attract and retain excellent talent. Now moving to slide 8, the company we create as a result of this transaction is well positioned to deliver outstanding sustainable value creation for shareholders. It'll have a meaningfully improved financial profile that is just extraordinary. In addition to higher top line growth and a highly recurring revenue mix, we will have gross margins that are expected to be up approximately 500 basis points from previous levels, leading to best-in-class operating margins, with the ability to expand operating margins in the future at an even faster rate than we have been projecting historically. We will also be a standout company as a result of our scale. To have as attractive of a financial profile as we will have with more than $3 billion of annual revenue makes for a combination that is extremely rare having both significant size and high performance. We expect to be able to grow EPS in the low to mid teens and have additional upside from our track record of successful capital deployment. This transformation into a pure play life sciences and diagnostics company takes us into a whole new spectrum from a financial perspective. Additionally, with the $1.9 billion of net proceeds we will receive and our recent aggressive de-leveraging, it makes our already well managed balance sheet that much more robust providing us the ability to continue to rapidly invest on our areas of focus and positions us well to begin appropriately deploying capital meaningfully sooner than we have previously anticipated. Trning to slide 9, let's talk about the valuation of the remaining life sciences and diagnostics portfolio. Following the transaction, our company will have a compelling revenue growth rate in the double digits, largely in line with our new higher value peers. We'll have stronger margins and differentiated scale with total revenues that well exceed the average of our peers. We currently trade at a one term discount to the core tools, peer group, despite of similar financial profile. Post close, we will have a best-in-class financial profile that deserves the higher multiple to reflect it. Moving to slide 10. Overall, I believe this transformation will have tremendous benefits for our new standalone businesses, our shareholders, our people and our customers. Upon closing, we will become a company focused on serving extremely attractive markets with first class financial outlook for our customers. The output of today's announcement is the culmination of all the effort, determination and excellence that all our employees have shown over the past several years. And I could not be more excited for everyone involved. Finally, I'm pleased to welcome Dr. Michelle McMurray-Heath to our board of directors. A medical doctor, and molecular immunologist by training, Michelle's experience and expertise across a broad spectrum of public and private roles, including currently leading Bio, the world's largest biotech association will bring a very unique perspective to our company, which will be invaluable as we enter this next stage in our corporate journey. With that, I will now turn the call over to Jamie to walk you through our current financial performance in more detail and provide specifics as it relates to our outlook and updated guidance. Jamie.
James Mock: Thanks, Prahlad and good morning everyone. While I won't go into detail on today's announcement as Prahlad covered it well, I do want to echo his sentiment that I think that this is a pivotal day in our company's history, and I'm excited to see both businesses blossom in the years to come. And thank you to our employees who have worked tirelessly to make the company what it is today and to make this transformation happen. As Prahlad mentioned, we had a fantastic quarter in Q2, despite continued adversities that in some cases where even a bit larger than we had anticipated a few months ago. I've said it before, but I think this really shows the power of how far we've come with our internal and external evolution over the past several years and how we can overcome unexpected challenges to a much better degree than the company may have in the past. During the second quarter, adjusted revenue of $1.23 billion was flat compared to last year. This included a 4% headwind from foreign exchange and a 10% contribution from recent acquisitions, which was in line with our guidance despite foreign exchange pressures. Organic revenue declined 5% year over year driven by a drop in total COVID revenues. On a non-COVID basis, our revenue increased 8% organically, which was above the 4 to 6% growth we were looking for coming into the quarter and with despite lockdown pressures persisting longer than we had previously expected. Our COVID revenues came in at $222 million, which was also above our $210 million guidance. The revenue upside in the quarter, along with solid adjusted operating margins of 32.7% help drive an adjusted earnings per share to $2.32, which was solidly ahead of our expectations. As we previously discussed, our capital deployment this year is focused on de-leveraging and we paid down another $350 million on our term loan in the quarter leaving only $50 million remaining. This is the only variable rate debt we have, and we'll complete the repayment in Q3. We ended the quarter with a leverage ratio of 2.3 times net debt to EBITDA, which is flat with where we stood a quarter ago. We also generated $74 million of free cash flow in the quarter. I'd now like to provide some additional color on the performance of the business during the quarter before wrapping up with some updated thoughts on the environment we are currently operating in and our outlook for the remainder of the year. Starting with our discovery and analytical solution segment, which generated $661 million of revenue in the quarter. This was up 29% year over year and represented 54% of our total revenue. Organically, the segment grew 13% with sales to pharma, biotech customers remaining robust and growing in the mid teens organically. The strong growth we saw in pharma was driven by continued robust demand and our preclinical discovery and research business and strengthen our informatics franchise. Sales to applied market customers grew in the low double digits organically while revenue declined in the mid single digits organically to academic and government customers, which represent approximately 6% to 7% of our total revenue.  Turning to diagnostics, the segment generated $569 million of revenue in the quarter, which was down 20% year over year and represented 46% of our total revenue. Organically, the segment declined 19% while on a non-COVID basis, our diagnostics business was flat, organically. Excluding lockdown related pressures in China, our diagnostics business grew 7% in the quarter. As previously mentioned, COVID related revenues totaled $222 million down from $365 million a year ago. As we highlighted on our last call, our COVID revenues this quarter included approximately $100 million of noncash deferred revenue related to our California testing lab contract coming to an end in May. Our applied genomics business, which consists of various instruments, kits, and other consumables for omic sample prep continue to show strong performance and grew mid single digits organically on a non- COVID basis in the quarter. I'd note that this was against an extremely different year ago comp as well, but as we highlighted the past few quarters, we've expected growth rates in this business to begin to moderate as we go throughout the year.  In our immunodiagnostics franchise, we did see headwinds from lockdowns in China, which persisted longer into a greater degree than we had anticipated. While the most severe lockdowns have subsided, regular economic activity does not yet appear to have returned to normal. So while we've seen more acute needs being addressed, such as in our reproductive health business, some of ourimmuno diagnostic solutions have continued to be pressured. We now expect this to continue to be the case until the normal day-to-day routines reemerge. On a non-COVID basis, our immunodiagnostics business declined in the mid single digits overall organically. Outside of China, this business continued to perform extremely well and grew in the low teens organically excluding COVID. Our reproductive health franchise grew in the low single digits on a non-COVID basis in the quarter, as new products and menu expansion helped offset flattish birth rate trends in the US and continued declines in other regions, including China. We are seeing strong uptake for our new preeclampsia offerings and our non-NGS NIPT offering Vanadis continue to show very good growth, albeit off a relatively small base, still. From a geographic perspective, our 8% non-COVID organic growth in the quarter was led by the Americas, which grew in the low double digits, while Europe was up in the high single digits, Asia Pacific was up 4%, while China declined in the high single digits. Now, moving on to our current view of the macro environment and its impact on the remainder of the year. As you saw with the 8% non-COVID organic growth we posted here in 2 Q, demand continues to look very healthy, and we are now raising our full year non-COVID organic growth outlook to a new range of 8% to 9%, up from our previous outlook of 6% to 8%. As it pertains to COVID, as you might recall, approximately half of our COVID related revenue last year came from the labs we operated on behalf of government agencies. Both of those main labs have now fully closed with the California lab closing in May as the contract ended. So going forward, our COVID revenues are expected to be primarily derived from our various related products, such as RNA, DNA extraction instruments and kits, automated liquid handling and related consumables and service on these instruments, and of course, our portfolio of diagnostic tests for the disease. As we look ahead, we continue to expect PCR related testing demand to continue to drop off. And after generating $532 million of COVID revenue in the first half, we are now looking for approximately $610 million of total COVID revenue for the year. As a reminder, this includes the noncash deferred revenue related to the California contract that was fully recognized in Q2.  We continue to expect a 7% contribution from recent M&A and now see foreign exchange as being a minus 3% headwind to total revenue this year. This results in our total revenue for the year now expected to be at range of $4.60 billion to $4.64 billion. In terms of adjusted earnings per share for the year, we are increasing our guidance to a new range of $7.80 to $7.90, which includes our outperformance here in Q2 and a more favorable outlook for the remainder of the year than we had previously assumed. For the third quarter, we are projecting total revenue to be in a range of $1.02 billion to $1.03 billion, which consists of non-COVID organic growth of 6% to 8% and M&A contribution of 8%, a minus 4% headwind from foreign exchange and approximately $50 million of total COVID revenues. In terms of adjusted earnings for share guidance for the quarter, we are forecasting it to be in the range of a $1.40 to a $1.45. All of this guidance is detailed on the second to the last page of today's earnings presentation that is on our investor website. In closing, as you can see with our strong quarterly results and increased outlook for the remainder of the year, our total company is performing extremely well and exceeded expectations despite incremental challenges. This performance and resiliency will only be further bolstered as we become a pure play life sciences and diagnostics company over the coming year. As Prahlad mentioned, I think this new company will be uniquely positioned to respond to customer needs, provide even more opportunities for all our employees and result in a highly desirable financial profile. With that operator, at this time, we would like to open the call for questions.
Operator: . And we will take our first question from Dan Arias with Steve. Your line is open.
Daniel Arias: Congratulations on the transaction here. Jamie or Prahlad, appreciate the profile that you gave for 24 through 26. Maybe on the diagnostic side, are you able to give us some guideposts when it just comes to the underlying growth assumptions that you have for EuroImmun reproductive applied genomics? And then on the overall 10% organic goal, the slides have you at 10 plus in fiscal 23 for the new portfolio. So I'm just curious whether we should think about 10% being sort of the base jumping-off point for next year and then acceleration from there into that 24 through 26 period as you sort of layer in the investment, trying to just sort of understand the trajectory that you see as you enter this new phase of yours here.
Prahlad Singh: Sure, Dan. There are two ways to look at it. One, as you've seen EuroImmun, they're historically grown in the low double digits, and they've pretty much beaten the deal model since we've acquired that. We do not see that stopping in the future. Obviously, because of the COVID situation in China, it has had some issues in the current quarter, but overall that growth trajectory, if you take China out, that continues to be there. So similarly, just as diagnostics has grown, it will continue to grow in the high single digits. And overall for the new company, you should expect this to be growing double digits in the future.
Daniel Arias: Okay. Appreciate that color. And then maybe just on the deploying of the capital that you expect with the proceeds, I mean, you guys have been pretty aggressive over the last couple of years, just in terms of transforming this portfolio. How quickly should we think about you being in the market for interesting assets that come into focus, just given the new prioritization here? Does the business need time to settle, so to speak, or do you think the 23 is a year where you could kind of keep your foot on the gas when it just comes to transforming the way that the business looks?
Prahlad Singh: I think the way I would answer that question, Dan, is just go back and look at our past 2, 3 years M&A track record. We've done more than 10 deals over the last 24 months and that should be a proof point of what our strategies around M&A and it'll continue now. Again, just to remind and as you very well know, the kinds of deals that we do are very focused and very strategic, which tend to be founder owned company. So I think that's where our continued focus will be. And in our base plan, you should expect us to continue to be acquisitive. But more importantly, Dan, I think what this does, it gives us an opportunity to deploy capital and makes our balance sheet much more robust to do that.
Operator: We will move on to our next question from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: A couple of points. So I guess what's the implied EBITDA margin in the RemainCo?
James Mock: EBITDA margin, yes you can see on the slide. Greater than 30% and our EBITDA normally tracks about 2% to 3% higher than that, Derik. So the reason why we put out 30% is for your modeling purposes. So let's just back up for a second here. This is a complex car valve. It's not a standalone business. There's a lot of allocated costs. That's why we said the business that is being divested is in the low to mid teens from an EBITDA perspective. And we want to at least give people some kind of modeling range here for 2023, which is why we said 30% plus. I think long term, this can be in the mid thirties for sure. We got to figure out the stranded costs that are in there, but in terms of whatever your modeling rate is, from our profit rate perspective, I would add probably 3% to that for EBITDA.
Derik De Bruin: Great. That's what I was looking for. And just on the current quarter, what was the overall headwind on China that you saw in 2 Q and sort of like what's the embedded headwind since the lockdowns were lasting longer in the 22 guide?
James Mock: Let me say it a couple ways here. So China in total I said was down high single digits. If we exclude the impact on the immunodiagnostics in China, China was actually up low teens or 13%, at an overall company level that had a 3 point organic impact to us. So Ex China IDX, we would've been up 11%, which I think speaks to the strength of the company. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, diagnostics would've been 7% excluding China. I think it is different than what we talked about last time on the call. I think while the economy's starting to emerge a little day in and day out, life is not the same and that is having and will continue to have an impact in the second half as we alluded to and as you just asked. And so therefore, we've been more conservative in the second half. So overall I think diagnostics, which was 0% for the quarter organically on a non-COVID basis is probably in the low single digits in the second half. So we've expected a tiny bit of improvement on China, but not very much. I think this will persist all the way through the second half is our running assumption. But from a big picture perspective, even with that said, we are raising the second half organic growth in our implied guidance by probably 1% to 2% to get to an overall 8% to 9% for the year. So I think it speaks to the portfolio. I think it speaks to the strength of what we've done. I think it speaks to the strength of the teams and how they're executing. So even with China being down in immunodiagnostics, which we think is temporary, the company's raising the overall guidance both in the year and in the second half. And we're long term, very confident that our China immunodiagnostics business is a terrific asset. And when COVID subsides and things reemerge, it'll be just fine.
Derik De Bruin: And are you embedding anything into the guide for potential recessionary headwinds and purchasing delays? Have you seen anything to suggest that your customers have had some hesitation in buying particularly on the DAS side of the business?
James Mock: We haven't seen any of that, Derik. I think the demand continues to be very strong. Our backlog is as healthy as ever. We are, on a quarter over quarter sequential basis, taking it back down to kind of what we think is a more normal run rate. So in the third quarter, we're obviously guiding 6% to 8% versus 8%. And so life sciences, which was mid-teens, we're taking down to low double digits just because that's why we think the long term outlook for that business is. For applied markets, we said we were low double digits in the second quarter. We're going to take that to high single digits because I just don't think that we can continue to bank on low double digits, but we haven't seen anything to state the opposite. And so therefore, we haven't seen any recessionary pressures. We're not really embedding any recessionary pressures. I think sequentially, that's what we're guiding to is a little bit more conservatism versus our 2Q run rate. But hopefully, that proves conservative at the end of the day.
Prahlad Singh: And also as we look at the future, the new company allows us to avoid some of this macro uncertainty.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI.
Vijay Kumar: And congratulations on the transactions here. Had 2 margin related questions. Jamie, maybe, the first one for you. The EPS bid in the quarter was very healthy. Gas margins came in well above and I look at the guidance. Revenues, maybe up 50 basis points at the midpoint, EPS up almost 8%. Your COVID revenues really didn't change a whole lot. Below the line seems fairly consistent. I'm wondering what the Delta is. Did anything change on the accounting front here that would explain the magnitude of the EPS raise?
James Mock: No, I think if I understand your walk Vijay. A lot of moving pieces here. So I think you covered most of them. Foreign exchange is a little worse, but it doesn't really hurt us too much at the end of the day because we're pretty well hedged in Europe, operationally. Obviously, COVID was a little bit better, but I think the big thing that is different here, Vijay is we are much more confident in the profitability on the second half. And I think that was a question coming out of the last discussion that we had. We were probably conservative in what we put in from an inflation and freight and when we think pricing would kick in. But we're raising the profitability both in the second half and obviously with the 30-ish cent beat in the second quarter that proved very healthy. Some of that was California, but being a little bit better than what we thought, but a lot of that was great. The team is doing a fantastic job, mitigating cost actions, particularly on the freight side, but also on the inflation side. I think we've seen both stabilize and our productivity measures kick into place. And while we knew it was coming on from a pricing standpoint, we finally started to incur some of that price increase that we saw on the second quarter. And we think that will continue to snowball here as we get into the second half. So I think it's really just that maybe what you're missing there is just an increase in the rate profitability in the second half as well, if I understood your question correctly.
Vijay Kumar: And just sorry to clarify that, Jamie. There was no- I guess the question I got was how is the legacy divested assets being treated from an accounting perspective? Is this being held for sale accounting?
James Mock: Oh yes, nothing, no. Nothing is going into discuss as the deal was closed early this morning. So that doesn't impact any of the results that you're seeing nor our guidance for the rest of the year, because we are still operating as a standalone company. Now, come when we close the third quarter, we will have discontinued operations accounting, and therefore reporting. But that said, we're trying to give you a picture of what the consolidated company would look like for the remainder of the year.
Vijay Kumar: Understood that's helpful. And Prahlad, one for you. I think the prior operating margin target of 26%, I think the deck had 30% operating margins. If I assume the base LSDX at 30% for fiscal 23, just one, is that 30% for 23 or 24? And then if I assume double rate margins for the divested business, I'm getting to something like 25%. So is that prior 26% target still relevant or perhaps that's changed given some of the strand costs here?
Prahlad Singh: Let me answer the first part and maybe Jamie can take the second path. So the 30% plus operating margin that we are talking about is off the bat in 23. So that's not a 24 number, Vijay, that's a 23 number. In fact, if you look also on the top line of this company, even including COVID, if you look at the top line, this business has already grown 8% over the last 3 years and it continues to split operating margins in that range. So off the bat, we expect this to be a 10% growth and a 30% operating margin business at close.
James Mock: And 30% next year, it's, as Prahlad mentioned, 2023 number. And Vijay, we wanted to get some modeling guide out there and yes, it does have stranded costs. And as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, it's difficult to ascertain what that total amount is yet. We feel very comfortable with at least 30%, it's not really coming off the overall 26% that you're talking about, but it is a different size company and there will be stranded costs that we will have to work through both in 2023, probably a little bit less in 2024 and by 2025, I would assume we're back to normal, but absent that, the 26% is still fully in intact here.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Catherine Schulte with Baird.
Catherine Schulte: I guess first for the new life sciences segment. Can you just talk through the end market mix post divestiture? And then maybe give us an update on BioLegend performance in the quarter?
James Mock: Yes, maybe I talk about the end market mix. So our life sciences business is in general, I think maybe 80% to 85% pharma biotech, 15% academic government, something like that. I'll check it, but that's roughly, probably right. And then as you break down the full business, both end markets, we said we were 60-40, large molecule, small molecule. So that kind of gives you a little bit about the end market mix, Catherine. In terms of BioLegend, which is the second part of your question, they had a fantastic quarter. Overall M&A contribution as a total company came in line exactly where we thought it would be at 10% overall contribution. BioLegend and the teams continue to integrate well, they're growing double digits, and everything seems to be going very well. I don't know what more I would say. Anything else you've got?
Prahlad Singh: The trends, Catherine, for these businesses- the bigger question really what we were looking for, to the Derik's earlier question, it is not a cyclical business from a research, discovery, and preclinical perspective. It allows us to largely avoid the macro uncertainty and given our focus typically on large pharma and biotech, it insulates the business from those uncertainties.
Catherine Schulte: Okay. Got it. Maybe for your kind of prior 2023 outlook, you talked about $7 plus of EPS. Where does that stand now in terms of NewCo?
James Mock: Well, let me talk about it as overall framework first, and then we can talk about NewCo. So in general, we feel as positive about how the company is operating as we ever have. So as you know, Catherine, we said we'd hit high single digit organic growth next year, absent some large economic condition change that we still feel excellent about that. We said 26%, which is what I talked about on Vijay's, operating margin, that is, which is what I answered with Vijay. We still feel great about that. I'd say the only wild card is foreign exchange and it has been severe. So maybe that has a minor impact on the overall year. But overall I think the way the team is operating is terrific, and we wouldn't change any of that guidance overall. In terms of RemainCo that's maybe, I'm wanting to make sure I understand the question. So what we're really trying to put out some markers here that says, hey, look, RemainCo should be growing 10% plus, and this year, let's say RemainCo is $3.3 billion we put on the chart, you know, take out $600 million of COVID revenue, grow that 10%, then add a $100 million dollars back for COVID durability. That should give you some modeling numbers here. Feel great that at a minimum, including a lot of stranded cost, that we should be at least 30% operating profit. And so we feel great about that financial profile and over the next 2 years is that stranded cost comes out. We see no reason why this business shouldn't be in the mid thirties from an operating profit perspective. It'll take a couple years to work through that, but I think it has a terrific financial profile ahead of it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Josh Waldman with Cleveland Research.
Joshua Waldman: First, just to clarifying question on the divestiture. Are you selling the entire analytical instrument business, including, for example, like LCMS that touches life science and DX?
James Mock: Yes, we are. Now, we'll have a TSA backed with New Mountain Capital to be able to get those- to be able to purchase those instruments and use in our life sciences and diagnostics business, but they will own the capabilities related to LCMS.
Joshua Waldman: Got it. And then a follow-up on Dan's question, I guess. Where do you think that divestiture leaves gaps in the portfolio that you'll target within organic investments? Or I guess, asked another way, where do you think the most opportunity from an M&A standpoint exists within the new company?
Prahlad Singh: Josh, that would be not dissimilar to what we've talked about. What this gives us now is an opportunity to continue to build on the scale that we have on the life sciences and diagnostic side. So you should expect us to continue to be in the fairway that we have played in over the last, I would say, 24 months, look at opportunities in cell and gene therapy and continue to build up portfolio both in the life sciences and diagnostic side.
Joshua Waldman: Okay. And then lastly on, I guess, existing deals that you've done. Can you talk to the performance on recent deals? I know you reiterated the 7% M&A impact, but curious how other recent acquisitions that are now in the organic comp are performing versus expectations, then maybe how those acquisitions are contributing to the organic outlook and margin outlook for 22 and 23?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Again, Josh, as Jamie pointed out earlier, we continue to see strong performance from all our inorganic acquisitions that have been done recently, including BioLegend, which is now, as you know, we talked about earlier, it's part of our total life sciences reagents growth story, which is in low double digits overall. And it's a piece of our broader portfolio. So overall all our acquisitions are doing well, including BioLegend and we had 10% M&A contribution, which was in line with guidance despite the FX headwind that we saw in the quarter.
James Mock: I would just add, I think on a pro forma basis, Josh, this entire year, the basket of acquisitions you're talking about would grow mid teens, which is terrific and in line with what we're talking about here. So as you look to 2023, obviously that does help with the stepup in the RemainCo company here, the life sciences and diagnostics company moving forward since all of these assets are in there. That's why they are a major contributor to this business with us having confidence that they can grow with over 10% here.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Liza Garcia with UBS.
Liza Garcia: Congratulations on the transaction. I'm not sure if I caught it, but just wondering if you guys could maybe touch on- I know it's kind of a little bit less for you guys, but pricing and kind of what you saw and your expectations kind of for the balance of the year for you guys.
James Mock: Yes, sure. Thanks Liza. I couldn't be more proud of the team for what they've done on pricing. I think we talked about this in the past, a lot of effort went in to really build this muscle in a much stronger way for our company. It took a little while to get through some of the backlog. We saw it in our backlog in the first quarter, although we didn't recognize a ton of price. We started to really see it come through here, particularly in the, I'd say, last month and a half of the second quarter, which is part of the EPS beat in the second quarter. We see it continued in our future backlog here. So that price impact and contribution to our company to continue to increase both in the third quarter and again, in the fourth quarter. And I think more importantly, the lasting impact and our focus on price, I think, has gotten much stronger and I think it'll bode well for the years to come.
Liza Garcia: Great. And if you could just touch a little bit on kind of what you're seeing in supply chain as well. I know obviously it kind of hasn't impacted you guys, but if you're seeing any changes there and kind of your expectations through the year on that, that would be great as well.
James Mock: I would say in general, things have stabilized if not gotten a touch better. And when you combine that with the actions our teams are taking, that's what's really driven our confidence in the increased profitability versus our prior guide, both in the second quarter, obviously, but more importantly, we've taken up the second half from a profitability standpoint as well. So we continue to buy advanced purchases of inventory and you can see a little bit of usage on our balance sheet for that. And freight in general, we're not having any shipping delays or anything and we have had that in prior quarters. So I would say it's gotten better and you combine that with the actions the teams are taking. And I think the outlook looks promising here.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jack Meehan with Nepron Research.
Jack Meehan: Wanted to ask on the transaction, just as you were thinking about the businesses that you were divesting, enterprise services specifically, just given there was overlap in the customer base with biopharma services. I guess just the thought between divesting that versus holding onto it would be helpful.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Jack, I mean it's a good question. From our perspective, when we look at where we are today, this is probably the best path for most value creation for both companies. We see some overlap on the enterprise side, as you said, but there is not much overlap from product that goes from life sciences or a diagnostics business through one source or through that channel. That, as you know, is mostly service focused. But what it does now is it allows us to singularly put more focus around the market trends in life sciences and diagnostics. And honestly it gives a lot of simplicity and reduces the complexity, both for our employees and investors in how they look at the company.
James Mock: I would just add that there is a lot of synergy between our enterprise services business named One Source plus our core services business that is being sold in conjunction with our analytical technologies business. So it did make sense to pair those together.
Jack Meehan: Great. And then two clarifications for Jamie. Just first, what's your updated target for BioLegend in 2022? And then can you break down the $222 million of COVID sales between the service lab and everything else? That would be helpful.
James Mock: Yes. BioLegend is doing very well. We're very pleased, but I don't think we're going to give single point estimates anymore. I think we want people focused on the fact that this is a $700 million life sciences reagent portfolio. Certainly, BioLegend is half that. So we're excited about the promise of that combined collective capabilities. So I think we're going to come off giving, you know, here's an exact dollar for BioLegend. In terms of the second part of your question, Jack, the $222 million, I think, labs was maybe $150 million to $160 million of that and the remaining- everything else I mentioned in my prepared remarks in terms of everything else that we sell is probably $75-ish or $70 million.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Paul Knight with KeyBanc.
Paul Knight: Prahlad, you mentioned taking a conservative view on China rest of year. What are you seeing in terms of shutdowns? They seem to have been getting better, but if you could kind of give us update on things and your outlook in that market.
Prahlad Singh: Thanks, Paul. I think the way to think of it, as Jamie mentioned earlier and during the Q and A session, things are improving, but it's not really totally back to, I would say, a hundred percent normal. So we've started seeing people coming out, going to see their physicians, going to hospitals for testing. The newborn screening side has come back. I would say that's the piece that has come back. It's more around the autoimmune and allergy. There are still some sporadic shutdowns that you see. And even where things have opened up, people are still hesitant to go to physicians or to hospital for those testings. And I think that'll gradually come back over the next several weeks or months.
Paul Knight: Okay. And then COVID, you were guiding to what in 3 Q?
James Mock: $50 million in the third quarter. And then we get to our kind of normal, we've always said $100 million COVID durable revenue. So the implied 4 Q guidance is about $25 million.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question and answer session today. At this time, I will turn the call back over to Mr. Steve Willoughby for any additional or closing remarks.
Stephen Willoughby: Thank you, Abby. And thank you everyone this morning on short notice. We appreciate your questions. We look forward to speaking with you all again next quarter. Have a good day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-03 17:00:00) =====
Disclaimer*: This transcript is designed to be used alongside the freely available audio recording on this page. Timestamps within the transcript are designed to help you navigate the audio should the corresponding text be unclear. The machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide.:
Operator: 00:05 Good afternoon. Thank you for attending today's PerkinElmer First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. My name is Amber, and I will be your moderator for today's call. All lines will be muted during the presentation portion of the call with an opportunity for questions-and-answers at the end.  00:27 It's now my pleasure to hand the conference over to our host, Steve Willoughby, with PerkinElmer 
Stephen Willoughby: 01:44  the forward-looking statements made today represent our views as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change, so you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. 02:02 During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP, we will provide reconciliations promptly. 02:24 I will now turn it over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Prahlad Singh. Prahlad?
Prahlad Singh: 02:30 Thank you, Steve. And good afternoon, everyone. The first quarter of 2022 continued to both challenge and inspire us as we faced varying dynamics across the globe. I want to start my remarks today by taking a moment to once again acknowledge all of PerkinElmer employees in Poland who have opened their hearts and even their homes to support Ukrainian refugees. It's been uplifting to see the different ways our teams around the world have been helping during this extremely difficult situation, and we hope for peace to come soon. I also want to highlight and thank my colleagues in China, who have gone to great lengths to continue to deliver for our customers during these extraordinary times. 03:22 Finally, as I reflect on all the events that have shaped this past quarter, I want to also express my gratitude to the team behind the COVID testing lab in Valencia, California, which as we announced a month ago, will be closing later in May as a result of declining COVID cases and the subsequent need for testing. The team stood up the Valencia lab during the height of the pandemic in a matter of 60-days and ultimately, helped dozens of underserved communities obtain vital COVID testing, processing over 9 million samples from this lab. I also appreciate the efforts of our colleagues in the UK, who were a part of our COVID testing lab in Wales, which was closed at the end of March. 04:14 While we are thankful that the pandemic is now more under control in parts of the world, it does not seem to be fully going away, as shown by the recent rise in cases in parts of Asia and some parts of Europe, as the new Omicron sub-variant takes hold. 04:34 In the midst of our response to the pandemic, PerkinElmer has also been going through an immense transformation. As we have entered the new year into what appears to be an evolving and somewhat turbulent operating environment, our teams are continuing to perform at a high level, from the successful integration of our recent portfolio additions to our focus on commercial excellence, to our achievements with new product innovation, all the while against the backdrop of a very dynamic macro environment. 05:11 I think our ability to execute so well under these conditions speaks to what the company has become. Today more than 80% of our revenue comes from life science and diagnostics, up from two-thirds just five years ago, with more than 75% of our revenue now being recurring in nature, compared to only 60% five years ago. And today more than one-third of our non-COVID revenue is derived from pharma and biotech customers, a figure we expect to continue to grow in the future. This shift to less cyclical, faster growing markets is a proof point of the changes that have already taken place. 06:00 With the transformation of our portfolio has undergone over the last 24-months, the integration and ultimate synergy of these new businesses is paramount. Let me provide you a few examples of how our recent additions are already collaborating with each other and within the broader company overall. 06:20 Our commercial teams are now partnering with each other across our BioLegend, PerkinElmer, and Horizon product portfolios, including unique opportunities at key pharma incubators in North America. Within our lab services organization, we are introducing a new service offering focused on flow cytometry. In our diagnostics segment over the past few months, our Oxford Immunotec business began selling PerkinElmer JANUS liquid handling instruments, along with cell counting instruments from Nexcelom, as part of its new optimized and automated workflow that is now becoming available to customers. 07:07 Finally, our Oxford business is collaborating with EUROIMMUN by starting to offer its TB test kits in regions where EUROIMMUN has strong existing customer relationships. While our portfolio transformation has been significant, we continue to build on our momentum. And earlier this year, we welcomed SonoVol to the PerkinElmer family. Although a small overall business today, we've already integrated SonoVol's Vega technology into our in vivo imaging portfolio to offer our customers a first-of-its-kind ultrasound platform. 07:47 The Vega system will enable us to meet growing demand for non-invasive imaging technologies for use in preclinical research and drug development studies of cancer, liver and kidney disease, cardiology and more. SonoVol's unique ultrasound offering continues to increase the breadth and differentiation of our in vivo imaging offerings and helps ensure we maintain our leading position in this key market. 08:19 From a commercial excellence perspective, life began to show some signs of normalizing during the quarter as we were excited to return in-person to this year's SLAS Conference in Boston, with several of our newly acquired companies co-exhibiting and meeting with customers. Together, we showcased how our end-to-end life sciences solutions and automated workflows can accelerate scientists' R&D productivity, so customers can get the right therapeutic candidates to market faster. 08:56 Another example is our Power Up 2022 - Battery Summit we held last month in Berlin with key customers and contributors in this fast-evolving market. This two-day summit was in advance of our upcoming Battery Center of Excellence opening in Germany, located in the heart of its electric vehicle manufacturing area outside of Frankfurt. 09:23 From an innovation perspective, we remain very active as all aspects of improving human health didn't start with COVID, especially efforts to get smarter about how we approach research and diagnostics. For instance, just in the past quarter, EUROIMMUN's test to confirm previous dengue infection has been included in the CDC's recently released pre-vaccination screening algorithm for the Dengvaxia vaccine. 09:55 According to the CDC, about 400 million people are infected with dengue viruses each year, transmitted primarily through the bites of infected mosquitoes. While there is no specific treatment for dengue, in some cases it can be prevented in children and adolescents with Dengvaxia. Because eligibility for the vaccine requires proof of prior dengue infection, an assay that can measure virus-specific antibodies for dengue like EUROIMMUN's is needed. 10:34 During the quarter, we were also proud to have PerkinElmer Genomics join other leading genomics companies and laboratories to establish the CardioGenomic Testing Alliance. The group is aimed at raising awareness and utilization of genomic testing in cardiology, which can be a powerful tool to identify those at risk for specific cardiac conditions. 11:02 From a geographic perspective, we continue to actively collaborate with governments around the world to provide critical solutions to advance their healthcare agendas. I was honored to meet with the Minister of Health and Prevention of the United Arab Emirates in March to discuss the future of PerkinElmer in the region. During my trip, we inaugurated PerkinElmer's first office in Dubai, which has been evolving into an R&D hub for the Middle East in a growing market for diagnostics. With our new site, PerkinElmer will be able to better serve our customers with an in-country, for-country approach. Additionally, when I was at the Dubai Airport, I had a chance to view our G3 explorer Workstation, which will be used to screen arriving passengers for COVID. 12:00 As we look to the second quarter, the entire organization remains motivated to keep up the momentum from the first few months of the year. Despite ongoing global unrest, higher inflation and an evolving supply chain, we continue to have both significant incoming demand from customers and resulting backlogs, which we are executing upon as quickly as possible. 12:32 Overall, I remain quite optimistic as PerkinElmer has proven we can navigate through pandemics, cyclical headwinds and now world crisis, while continuing to execute on our plans, delivering for our customers and emerging as a stronger company. Our performance during the first quarter was a testament to this, as we grew our non-COVID revenues organically by 11% year-over-year and generated $2.41 in adjusted EPS, both of which are solidly ahead of our expectations. 13:16 As Jamey will touch on in more detail, due to the strong performance here in Q1, our continued optimism over the remainder of the year, despite some incremental challenges and the net impact on our reported results from our COVID contract in California coming to an end, we are now projecting our 2022 adjusted EPS to be in the range of $7.15 to $7.45. 13:48 I will now turn the call over to Jamey to walk through our financial performance in more detail and provide specifics as it relates to our outlook and updated guidance. Jamey?
Jamey Mock: 14:04 Thanks, Prahlad, and good evening, everyone. As Prahlad mentioned, the business maneuvered various obstacles well during the first few months of 2022, which is a continuation of our solid execution over the last two years during this pandemic. Our internal and external transformation remains on track, and I'm pleased to see both our COVID and non-COVID performance again exceeded our expectations this past quarter. This resilient performance is a testament to the progress we've made and the exceptional efforts and sacrifices of our employees. 14:36 During the first quarter, adjusted revenue declined 4%, compared to last year to $1.26 billion, which included a 2% headwind from foreign exchange and a 10% contribution from recent acquisitions. Organic revenue declined 11% year-over-year, driven by a drop in total COVID revenues. On a non-COVID basis, our revenue increased 11% organically, which was above the 7% to 9% growth we were looking for coming into the quarter. 15:06 Our total COVID revenues came in at $310 million, which was above our $240 million guidance, as the Omicron spike in January and February proved larger than we had anticipated. The revenue upside in the quarter, along with solid adjusted operating margins of 32.5%, helped drive our adjusted earnings per share to $2.41, which was also ahead of our expectations. Driven by the strong top line and bottom line performance, we again saw a good free cash flow generation totaling $254 million in the quarter. 15:41 As we've previously discussed, our capital deployment this year is focused on deleveraging, which we executed on in the quarter and expect to continue to do so over the remainder of the year. We ended the quarter with a leverage ratio of 2.3 times net debt-to-EBITDA, which is up slightly from the 2.2 times it stood at year end. 16:02 I'd now like to provide some additional color on the performance of the business during the quarter, before wrapping up with some updated thoughts on the environment we are currently operating in and our outlook for the remainder of the year. Starting with our Discovery & Analytical Solutions segment, which generated $602 million of revenue in the quarter, this was up 33% year-over-year and represented 48% of our total revenue. Organically, the segment grew 12%, with sales to pharma biotech customers leading the way and growing in the upper-teens organically. 16:36 The strong growth we saw in pharma was driven by continued robust demand in our preclinical discovery business and strength in our informatics franchise. Its unique SaaS-based Signals Research Suite is a market-leading scientific data management and workflow platform used by tens of thousands of users worldwide. 16:56 Sales to applied market customers grew in the low-double digits organically, while revenue declined in the high single-digits organically to academic and government customers, who represent approximately 5% of our total revenue. 17:10 Turning to Diagnostics. The segment generated $657 million of revenue in the quarter, which was down 23% year-over-year and represented 52% of our total revenue. Organically, this segment declined 24%; while on a non-COVID basis, our Diagnostics business grew 10% organically. As previously mentioned, COVID-related revenues totaled $310 million, down slightly from Q4 levels and down from $550 million a year ago. 17:40 Our Applied Genomics business, which consists of various instruments, kits and other consumables for NGS sample prep, continues to post excellent performance, growing more than 20% organically year-over-year on a non-COVID basis in the quarter. While we are very pleased with the continued strong performance, we still expect its growth rate to moderate over the remainder of the year. 18:05 In our Immunodiagnostics franchise, we did see some incremental headwinds from lockdowns in various regions throughout the quarter, which became more pronounced in China as the quarter progressed. However, despite these headwinds, the segment was still able to post mid single-digit non-COVID organic growth in the quarter, with EUROIMMUN growing in the high-single digits ex-COVID. 18:27 Our Reproductive Health franchise grew in the high single-digits on a non-COVID basis in the quarter, as the positive inflection in birth rate trends we saw in the US and parts of Europe in the fourth quarter appear to have continued so far this year. For example, we believe births in the US were up in the 4% range year-over-year in the first quarter. The business also continues to benefit from continued geographic and menu expansions, the contribution from new product introductions and a relatively small, but growing contribution from our Vanadis NIPT offering. 19:00 From a geographic perspective, our 11% non-COVID growth in the quarter was led by the Americas, which grew in the upper-teens, while Europe was up in the high single-digits. Asia-Pacific and China were both up high single-digits despite lockdown-related pressure on our diagnostics franchise, due to the strong growth from pharma biotech customers. 19:21 Now moving on to the current view of the world and its impact for the remainder of the year. As you saw with the 11% non-COVID organic growth we posted here in 1Q, the demand environment continues to look very healthy, while supply chain and lockdown pressures persist. As a result, our overall backlog entering 2Q increased slightly, as compared to where it started at the beginning of the year, so that for the full-year, we are reiterating our full-year non-COVID organic growth outlook of 68% even with the number of various uncertainties that exist in the world today. 19:57 As you saw in the 8-K we filed in April, the State of California provided us notice at the end of March that it decided to end our COVID lab testing contract within the 45 days stipulated by the terms of our agreement. Consequently, as of the middle of this month, the lab will be closed and the contract will be over. Because of the accounting treatment related to the upfront milestone payments we received when opening the lab, all of the roughly $100 million of deferred revenue we have related to this contract will be recognized in 2Q. 20:27 Along with the associated cost of closing the lab and a 1% higher effective tax rate for the year as a result of greater COVID revenue and income, we estimate the net impact to contribute approximately $0.35 of earnings per share in the second quarter, which will be included in our updated revenue and earnings guidance I will share with you shortly. For your modeling purposes, our much smaller COVID lab in the UK was also closed at the end of March. 20:54 So as we look ahead, while COVID cases have increased in some markets recently, such as China, testing has dropped significantly over the past few months in most other areas. After generating $310 million of COVID revenue in 1Q, we are now looking for $570 million of total COVID revenue this year, which includes the non-cash deferred revenue related to the California contract being fully recognized. With an expected 7% contribution from M&A and a 2% headwind from foreign exchange, we are now forecasting our total reported revenue this year to be in the range of $4.56 billion to $4.63 billion. 21:35 In terms of adjusted earnings per share this year, we are increasing our guidance to a new range of $7.15 to $7.45, which includes the favorable impact from the California-related deferred revenue being fully recognized, as well as our Q1 outperformance. And for the second quarter, we are projecting total revenue to be in the range of $1.20 billion to $1.22 billion, which consists of non-COVID organic growth of 4% to 6%, an M&A contribution of 10%, a 3% headwind from foreign exchange and approximately $210 million of total COVID revenues inclusive of the deferred revenue being fully recognized. 22:16 In terms of adjusted earnings per share guidance for the quarter, we are forecasting to be in a range of $2 to $2.05. All of this guidance is detailed on the second to last page of today's presentation that is on our investor website. 22:30 In closing, I'm proud to see how our team is responding and continuing to deliver on the very strong demand we are experiencing from our customers. I know I've made the comment before, but it is really amazing to see the rapid transformation that has occurred at the company over the last two to three years, both internally and externally, which I feel has positioned us extremely well going forward. 22:53 With that, operator, at this time we would like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: 22:59 Yes, thank you.  Our first question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore. Vijay, your line is now open.
Vijay Kumar: 23:34 Hey, guys. Congrats on Q1, and thanks for taking my question. Jamey or Prahlad, maybe one on the guidance here, a lot of inbounds here on -- with the base guidance change. I guess the question I'm getting is you guys said 11% on base and the annual of 68% was unchanged, right? So I guess the implied 2Q to 4Q organic is perhaps coming in a little bit lower versus prior guide. 24:05 So the question is, was there any pull-forward of revenues into Q1 in the base of 11%? What is the guidance here I mean for China lockdown impacts in 2Q, and I'm assuming given it's diagnostics, those are lost revenues, right? So maybe talk about the base business and what is  perhaps some impact from China.
Jamey Mock: 24:29 Yes. Thanks, Vijay. So we are not changing our overall non-COVID core organic growth guidance of 6% to 8%. Yes, we beat the first quarter, the team is executing extremely well. I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks that the demand looks great, our backlog continues to rise. So I think it's basically just a little conservatism, the first quarter is always the lightest from a revenue perspective. But the outlook looks strong, and I think we are poised to at least deliver the 6% to 8%, but I thought it was a little too soon this early in the year to raise the overall organic growth guidance. 25:04 As you know, there's a lot of geopolitical and macroeconomic pressures out there. You mentioned China as an example. So I don't think we'll lose the testing. Not a lot of this was due to reproductive health, Vijay. I think most of it is due to EUROIMMUN and the autoimmune testing, which just gets pushed out a little bit. So it might be pushed out of the year, but not necessarily pushed out because some day they will need testing. 25:28 So what we've baked into our guidance for the second quarter is that the operating environment that we saw at the end of the first quarter for most of the month of March continues through mostly May and returns to normal at start of June. So overall, we still feel very confident that 6% to 8% is probably a little conservatism, but it's still early in the year. And things are operating well, the team is doing a great job.
Prahlad Singh: 25:51 Yes. And, Vijay, just to add to that also. Just in keep in mind that despite all the lockdowns, our facility in Shanghai, or in Suzhou, has not fully closed. We've been working with authorities to continue to manufacture and ship product out of there. So as Jamey mentioned, the impact has not been on reproductive health. It has obviously been on immunodiagnostics, but we think that will come back. But I think more importantly, let's keep in mind that for us, the company's portfolio is very different today. Again, going back to as I said in my remarks, 80% is life sciences and diagnostics. And life sciences there continues to do well, which is now two-thirds of DAS revenue. 26:31 So overall, I think China will come back, assuming -- our assumption is that at the end of May, the lockdowns will open up and I think we should be okay. But it's just being prudent, and this is no different than what we have done in the previous quarters.
Vijay Kumar: 26:50 That's helpful perspective, Prahlad and Jamey. Maybe, Prahlad, one for you. Back at -- earlier in the year at JP, I think you pointed to your fiscal '23 earnings being north of $7, right? If I look at the annual guidance or your current guidance of $7.45 at the high-end and I back out the Q1 and 2Q EPS guide, I think the back half 3Q and 4Q  which annualizes to about $6, right? So are we -- maybe can you just talk about fiscal '23 and your confidence in the earnings projection that you laid out earlier in the year?
Prahlad Singh: 27:31 Yes, I think the way, Vijay, I would answer is that our confidence in what we've done and the hard work that -- and the time that we've put over the past several quarters in the transformation of the portfolio has not changed at all. So while obviously the market environment is changing, but here's what I would say, could not be more bullish on the company's outlook. A ton of work has gone into transforming our portfolio. I mean, just look at what we've done with life sciences. We will have a $700 million-plus of just reagent business which will be growing in the low to mid-teens. So the way I would answer the question is that I think we are very well positioned to deal with whatever market conditions are thrown our way and have shown our ability to execute over the past couple of years, and nothing changes from that perspective.
Vijay Kumar: 28:26 I'm sorry. And so there is no change from the prior -- the $7-plus earnings outlook for fiscal '23, correct?
Prahlad Singh: 28:35 Yes, as I said, right? Given the market conditions, we are i.e., there is absolutely, as of this point, no change in applied processes towards that number.
Vijay Kumar: 28:47 Okay. Thanks, guys.
Prahlad Singh: 28:50 Thank you.
Operator: 28:54 Thank you, Vijay. Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Derik, your line is now open.
Mike Ryskin: 29:06 Great, thanks. This is Mike Ryskin on for Derik. I want to start on the M&A contribution. Appreciate your color in the beginning of the prepared remarks, Prahlad, on some of the synergies and from the benefits you're seeing from bringing these businesses together. But you did initially point to, I think, 11% M&A in the quarter and also if you're going to blow wide with that. Can you sort of break down some of the various points there? I know there's a lot of deals that are still in the quarter. So could you talk specifically how BioLegend did versus some of the other pieces, whether it was Oxford or some of the other acquisitions?
Prahlad Singh: 29:48 Sure, Mike. Let me start by saying that overall for 2022, our forecast for our M&A does not change and in fact, would reiterate that. Yes, as you pointed out, 1Q did come a tad below our expectation and it was primarily because of the lockdown impact at BioLegend when Omicron hit in January. So there were two things. One, the academic customers had shut down for some time and there was some closures also from employee disruption in January at BioLegend. But that was in January and that's gone. And there was some, I guess, impact also at Oxford. So overall, I think for the year rate hasn't changed. It probably has just pushed out from Q1 to Q2 and beyond.
Mike Ryskin: 30:41 Okay, thanks. And on the number you printed in DAS, really strong number despite the comps. Could you talk us through what you're seeing there, what's really driving that trend, and what are your expectations for the rest of the year if you're going to take up your DAS assumption a little bit?
Prahlad Singh: 31:01 Sure. I think the way to start is let's start from life sciences. I think the innovation that we have put in place there is really leading the strong growth and the share gains that we are seeing there. If you just take a few examples, right, one is our informatics business, leading research SaaS-based workflow and portfolio on the preclinical side with the products that we have launched and on the reagent side. Now bringing in BioLegend is becoming more of a source for us of antibodies has helped the Cisbio and our traditional reagents business. And also from a market perspective, pharma overall continues to do very well for us and our backlog continues to grow there. 31:43 So I think in DAS particularly, that's the life sciences has been the main growth driver. And even within applied, we've had several new product introductions that has been a continuing trend as we have all invested organically in our applied portfolio and the results of that have started to show. There's the solid test program, for example, in China, that's going to -- that's demonstrating good traction. We talked about the Battery Summit that we had, I think, on the outskirts of Berlin. And that has started to show some impact for us. And in food, especially on the safety side, there continues to be strong demand in China. 32:24 So I would say that of the end markets that we talked about, food, applied and life sciences, all of them continue to do well. And in applied, specifically around the semiconductor side and battery, that market is doing well.
Mike Ryskin: 32:40 Okay, thank you.
Prahlad Singh: 32:43 Yes.
Operator: 32:45 Thank you, Derik. Our next question comes from Dan Arias with Stifel. Dan, your line is now open.
Daniel Macek: 33:00 Hey, guys. This is Daniel Macek on for Dan Arias. Thanks for the questions. So just starting with EUROIMMUN for the non-COVID portion of the business, you're expecting to get back to double-digit growth this year. I think it was high single-digits in the quarter. So I just want to clarify if China was probably the main issue there. And then so is what's baked into guidance, is that assuming these lockdowns ease up at the end of May or beginning of June? Thanks.
Jamey Mock: 33:33 Yes. Great question, Daniel. So, yes, if you look at EUROIMMUN, they continue to do extremely well. So China did impact their business, it's a relatively large proportion of their revenue. Outside of China, EUROIMMUN grew in the high-teens across the rest of the geographies. And so China was probably flat to down low-single, I think, or maybe down 5%. And as we look forward into the second quarter here, we continue to believe that will happen. So I think by the third quarter, I would expect EUROIMMUN overall to get back into the normal high-teens, but the performance of the business outside of China is terrific. And I think when China opens up again, it will snap back as well like we saw in the past.
Daniel Macek: 34:19 That's very helpful, thanks. And then what's the latest on Vanadis? You mentioned a small contribution in the quarter. So just first, how is utilization within your customer base, how is adoption, and then just what's expected for the year in terms of placements and utilization and revenue contribution. Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: 34:39 Sure, Daniel. I mean, let me start by just taking it up and talk about the whole reproductive health segment as we've done in the past. Clearly, our new products are seeing strong uptake with SCID, XLA, SMA, preeclampsia, and I think that's shown in the numbers. Obviously one of the things that has also helped is the improvement in the bot trends, especially in the US, continues to gain traction. We pointed that out in the fourth quarter and I think even in the first quarter, it was roughly about 4% growth in the bought rates. And Vanadis is another contributor towards that growth, albeit small, but it continues to sequentially grow and we expect this growth to continue in the future quarters. We are seeing a lot of commercial traction, we continue to refine the system and reagents, and keep looking at adding what are the features we need to do. So overall, we could not be more happier with the way that NPI is progressing and that it's going as per our plan, if not better, I would say.
Daniel Macek: 35:47 Thanks, guys.
Prahlad Singh: 35:49 Yes.
Jamey Mock: 35:50 Thank you.
Operator: 35:54 Thank you, Dan. Our next question comes from Josh Waldman with Cleveland Research. Josh, your line is now open.
Josh Waldman: 36:06 Hey, thanks for taking my questions. One on margins and then one on recent acquisitions. Jamey, wonder if you could talk through how you think margins in the non-COVID business performed versus maybe internal expectations in the first quarter, and then maybe how you're thinking about margins within that business for the full-year, any change maybe versus initial plan?
Jamey Mock: 36:31 No, no change versus initial plan. I think we've always been metering our investments to do organic growth, as well as the COVID side of our business. So as COVID winds down, we'll have to wind down some of our increased investments. But that was always the plan, so I would say no change in our overall approach here. 36:48 So I think we've mentioned in the past, Josh, about it and to the earlier question around the $7, 26% operating profit by 2023. I think right now, as Prahlad said, for the most part there's a lot of -- yes, I would say the environment is involving, but -- or evolving and we still think that we will continue to do well. So we have a lot of productivity programs, we assume that the growth will still be there as the mix of our business has changed. I think something that is underappreciated is the $700 million life sciences reagents business that we have, that has been growing low-teens and comps at a very high profitability. 37:24 So we feel confident exiting the year, to Vijay's question earlier, in terms of the margin rate. And I think at the end of the year by the fourth quarter, we're probably going to be at that adjusted operating margin for next year. Now that comes on the highest core quarter, but overall I think it speaks to the fact that we can get there for next year.
Josh Waldman: 37:43 Got it. And then a follow-up on acquisitions. Appreciate the timeline you laid out, but wondered if you could provide some context on how you expect acquisitions from 2021 to contribute to the 6% to 8% organic here in 2022. And then maybe again kind of back to margins, any context on what the margin profile of that revenue has looked like kind of year-to-date?
Jamey Mock: 38:10 Yes. So for the overall year, Josh, we were originally saying before acquisitions, we've been a 5% to 7% business, and so that the acquisitions and the effect that they would have on 2022 would be an extra point, which is why we guided 6% to 8% overall. The majority of that revenue or a big portion of that revenue comes in the fourth quarter when BioLegend kicks in and the growth rate that they have. So that's where you'll see the biggest contribution from an organic growth perspective. 38:38 So I think in the first quarter, with Horizon for the whole year, Oxford starts here in the second quarter, Nexcelom starts in the third quarter, and then IDS here and then BioLegend starts in the fourth quarter. So it will be an increasing contributor through the year, but it's relatively small in the first and second quarter here. As it pertains to margins, margins continue to look very good, I'd say maybe even better than we anticipated at the outset of the year. BioLegend remains strong, Horizon is doing a good job, Oxford is doing a great job. So things are going well on both the growth and the margin rung for all the acquisitions.
Josh Waldman: 39:15 Got it. Appreciate all the detail.
Operator: 39:22 Thank you, Josh. Our next question comes from Catherine Schulte with Baird. Catherine, your line is now open.
Catherine Schulte: 39:35 Hey, guys. Thanks for the questions. Maybe first for the China lockdown, I believe in the fourth quarter, you had quantified that as a point to a point-and-a-half headwind. So what was that headwind in the first quarter? And can you quantify what's baked into the second quarter in terms of that 4% to 6% non-COVID organic guide for a lockdown headwind?
Jamey Mock: 39:55 Sure. Thanks, Catherine. Yes, I thinking in the fourth quarter, we might have said it was 200 basis points to 300 basis points at a company level. So for China specifically, that translates to more like high single-digits to a 10% impact on China. So in the first quarter, we continue to experience the same thing. I mentioned EUROIMMUN already, so EUROIMMUN was down versus up 17% in China, so that's one impact. There was a lot of shipping issues at the end of the quarter, as well as some of the delays in the logistics of our business. 40:28 So to China specifically, we were up high single-digits. And I think we had the same impact in the first quarter that we saw in the fourth quarter. And I think we probably would have been up mid-teens to high-teens with that -- excluding those impacts, specifically in China, and are probably a couple of points to the overall organic growth of our company in the first quarter. As we fast forward to the second quarter, really we think in China down to mid single-digits. So it's a little bit of a longer operating environment that we're assuming here. So China was really impacted primarily in March. We're assuming that will be impacted in April and May. And so therefore, we've taken high single-digits down to mid single-digits, on top of the fact that overall it's a tougher comp year-over-year from a China growth perspective. So hopefully, that gives you a bit of color, but it's basically the same that we've been operating in for the last two quarters and it gets a little bit worse in the second quarter here. 41:22 The other thing I'd say, Catherine, just to emphasize is when we initially guided the year, we obviously said high single-digits and then 6% to 8% for the overall year. And we're still keeping the overall 6% to 8%. And specifically for the second quarter, we're really not changing our overall guidance. So again, I just think it speaks to the portfolio and how we're able to weather the storm of certain issues across the globe.
Catherine Schulte: 41:47 Got it. And then you had mentioned in your lab services organization you're adding a new service offering focused on flow cytometry. Can you just talk a bit more about that offering and how it's additive to what BioLegend was doing?
Jamey Mock: 42:02 Yes. So this is as it pertains to our enterprise OneSource business, Catherine. And so the team has been working with BioLegend, our enterprise business obviously maintains assets, but it also does a lot of professional services. It does compliance services, it does IT services. So they work with the BioLegend team to be able to optimize testing in the lab as it pertains to flow cytometry. And I don't know all the details behind it, but when you combine the BioLegend experts and PhDs with our enterprise team, they're basically able to better operate a flow core cytometry lab.
Catherine Schulte: 42:41 Got it, thank you.
Jamey Mock: 42:44 Thank you.
Operator: 42:47 Thank you, Catherine. Our next question comes from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Jack, your line is now open.
Jack Meehan: 43:00 Thank you. Good afternoon. Jamey, I was wondering if you could give a breakdown of the $310 million of COVID sales in the quarter, how much came from the lab service operations. And just the $25 million per quarter in the back half of the year, just walk us through again what your framework is for kind of endemic COVID for PerkinElmer?
Jamey Mock: 43:23 Sure. Hey, Jack. Yes, so I would say -- I'm rounding here, probably $175 million excluding the lab, so our core COVID revenue, and maybe $135 million of lab revenue, which was pretty much in line with our guidance on the lab side. And really the upside is on the core product side, largely due to Omicron and how significant January and February were, so we saw a lot more throughput on the core side of the business. The lab side didn't really change very much. 43:52 If you get to the back half, I mean we've noticed a handful of things to make us even more confident in kind of the $25 million per quarter or overall $100 million for the year. I would say one, our extraction beads and the use of chemagen has been terrific. I think the yield on those is really well-understood in the marketplace and people are ordering those for quite some time or will continue to order them. We've also seen people start to use the instruments and renew them for non-COVID usage. And so they have extended warranties and they've bought two-year warranty contracts on that, which just tells us they are using -- in addition to maybe some COVID testing, they're willing to pay for it for other types of testing as well. 44:36 But we feel very confident in terms of PCR testing that was never really in too much of the $25 million. So I think that's upside, but I think from an endemic perspective, there will be some amount of PCR testing for quite some time. We just don't parse out how much is PCR versus extraction versus the instruments and the consumables, but I would say the PCR was probably a small fraction that's only $25 million  good news, but lot more testing in the second half. I think we would share in that upside. Otherwise, I think we've get just the use of the chemagen and our liquid handling systems.
Jack Meehan: 45:13 That's helpful. And then just a clarification, sorry if I missed this, on BioLegend. What was the sales contribution in the quarter, and just still feel good about the $308 million target for the year?
Jamey Mock: 45:28 Yes, we still feel good about the $308 million target for the year, Jack. I think we want to start talking about the entire life sciences reagents business, because I think it's underappreciated. It makes up almost 30% of the entire DAS business and so in life sciences in total makes up 66% of the entire DAS business, which to the earlier question is why we are so bullish on the changed organic growth rate of our company. And so I will quote, the life sciences reagents business, inclusive of BioLegend, grew in the low-teens in the first quarter. 46:00 So I don't think we're going to give out, hey, here's exactly what BioLegend is, here's what Cisbio was, and our historical discovery. I think we want people focused on the big picture that we now have a substantial life sciences reagents business that is growing low-teens and it has a ton of innovation and opportunity when you combine Alpha technology and everything that Cisbio brought, HTRF technology, and now everything that BioLegend has brought, in addition to Horizon Discovery. So we're quite excited with Bio and it continues to perform well.
Jack Meehan: 46:32 Thanks, Jamey.
Jamey Mock: 46:34 Thanks, Jack.
Operator: 46:37 Thank you, Jack. Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Brandon, your line is now open.
Brandon Couillard: 46:48 Hey, thanks. Good afternoon. Jamey, just an update on where you're thinking about free cash flow conversion for the year, and I think there's $400 million left on the term loan, correct me if I'm wrong, and do you expect to pay that down ratably over the balance of the year?
Jamey Mock: 47:02 Hey, Brandon. Yes, so yes, maybe I'll start with the second part. So we are actively and aggressively delevering. The term loan was $500 million at the outset of the year, we paid down $100 million in the first quarter. I think we should be able to get that off the balance sheet by end of July/August timeframe here. We certainly have the cash across the globe, you're very familiar with our balance sheet, so you can see that we have a substantial amount of cash. Making it -- dividending it back to the U.S. in a tax-efficient way is what we are focused on. So it takes a little bit of time to repatriating it. But just the general free cash flow that we're also kicking off, we kicked off $250 million in the quarter. So therefore, we can use $100 million to paydown the term loan. So anyways, I think it will be done relatively soon. 47:44 In terms of free cash flow, you know this better than most people, 83% free cash flow conversion in the first quarter is one of the best quarters we've had in a long history. So if you go back to the pre-COVID days, we were sometimes in the negative range. And so we've focused a lot on free cash flow conversion. We've always said -- we said we'd be above 85% or 85% to 90% in the past. BioLegend only helps that, and I would say there is nothing really to come off that. The only thing that will impact free cash flow is this deferred revenue and the fact that it won't -- it is mostly -- it's all non-cash. So instead of 85% to 90%, I would think 80% to 85% for the year and we still feel very confident in achieving that.
Brandon Couillard: 48:29 Okay. And then any more color you can help us with as far as gross margins in the back half of the year once COVID testing sort of normalizes at the endemic steady state?
Jamey Mock: 48:39 Yes. So as COVID rolls off, and we always knew this day was coming, I would expect gross margins to settle in the mid '50s, so call it 55%. And as I mentioned in my prior response, I think operating profit will be low 24% for the second half and we might even exit in the 25% to 26% range. So I think we're really going to be monitoring the investments as COVID rolls off. But again if COVID is better than we anticipated, we might choose to continue to invest. But overall, we're still laser-focused on the 26% for 2023.
Brandon Couillard: 49:17 Got it, thank you.
Operator: 49:21 Thank you, Brandon. Our next question comes from Rachel Vatnsdal with JPMorgan. Rachel, your line is now open.
Rachel Vatnsdal: 49:35 Great, thanks for taking the question. So could you just spend a minute talking about pricing? I know that you've started taking up prices in the back half of last year in light of all the inflation that we've been seeing, so can you walk us through how much pricing is expected to contribute this year? And then have you faced any pushback from your customers on any of these pricing increases at all so far?
Jamey Mock: 49:54 Yes. Thanks, Rachel. So yes, we in the past have historically said -- what we've said is we've seen about 50 basis points to 100 basis points in the year, and we've said that we think that might be able to double. And as you might remember in the first quarter, we saw kind of the average rate, maybe a little bit above that, because we knew we were working off a substantial backlog from the fourth quarter. As we look at the order book that will -- that transpired and what was taken in the first quarter, which will start flowing through in the second quarter, there is a substantial amount -- a significant amount more of price in the second quarter. And we think that will continue to increase throughout the year. 50:31 So it takes a little time to get through to customers to understand, then get it through the entire salesforce. But I think what might have been 50 to 75 increase is probably 50 basis points every single quarter. So that by the end of the year, we might be in the kind of 100 to 200 range, or 150 to 200 range, and feel very good about how the team is responding.
Rachel Vatnsdal: 50:53 Great, thanks. And then my last question is about the supply chain. So last quarter, you highlighted about 300 to 400 basis points headwinds between supply chain and lockdown pressures. So specifically, how meaningful is that supply chain headwind in 1Q, and then what's baked into the guidance for supply chain and logistics constraints for the rest of the year?
Jamey Mock: 51:12 Yes, I think it's -- Rachel, similar to my response on China, it's just kind of the new norm. It hasn't gotten better, it hasn't gotten worse. So the 300 to 400 basis points to the fourth quarter probably is a similar number than we experienced in the first quarter, so it didn't get any better, it didn't get any worse. As we head into the second quarter, I don't think supply chain gets better -- or gets worse. We did say China is down a little bit. But overall, I think we're kind of living in the new norm and I think the team is navigating it well. And so therefore, it's not really worth calling out because it's kind of been there for at least two quarters now, and we believe will continue to remain for the rest of the year.
Operator: 52:02 Thank you, Rachel. Our next question comes from Paul Knight with KeyBanc. Paul, your line is now open.
Paul Knight: 52:16 Thanks. Jamey, I didn't quite catch the color on California. That was $125 million or $100 million?
Jamey Mock: $100 million to the second quarter -- sorry, yes, maybe try to clarify that because we tossed out a couple numbers in Jack's question there. So Jack had asked how much of it was the labs as it pertains to the first quarter? Well, how much was the labs portion in through the $310 million. Total labs, including the UK lab, was about $135 million, which is not too far from our original guidance. In the second quarter, the extra deferred revenue that we will be amortizing is $100 million above our previous guidance. 52:58 So California to the second quarter will be more like $150 million overall, which is $100 million more, and that's purely a result of the amortizing that deferred revenue. We already had $50 million in our guidance, thereabouts, so hopefully that tries to clarify. Essentially, we're not coming off the original guidance. The original guidance was $110 million for the second quarter, we're just adding the extra $100 million of deferred revenue.
Paul Knight: 53:23 Got it, okay. And that's how you get to that $0.35 of contribution in Q2?
Jamey Mock: 53:31 That's right. There are other costs associated with decommissioning the overall lab and taking out the equipment and that kind of thing, but including the extra COVID revenue that we have that increases our overall tax rate for the year, when you put that all together, that's $0.35 to the second quarter and the overall year.
Paul Knight: 53:51 Great, and then overall tax for the year?
Jamey Mock: 53:54 21 -- 21, 7 yes.
Paul Knight: 53:57 Okay, thank you.
Stephen Willoughby: 54:04 Operator, maybe just one more question.
Operator: 54:08 Of course. Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Patrick, your line is now open.
Patrick Donnelly: 54:20 Hey, guys. Appreciate you squeezing me in there. Jamey, just maybe one on the EPS guide. I was hoping for a bridge. I mean, you guys, I think you raised by about $0.40, beat 1Q by $0.30, the California contracts and other $0.35. So by math, 2Q through 4Q guidance came down by $0.25. I'm sure part of that is FX, but was hoping just for a bridge, if you had it, in terms of the EPS guide from last quarter to this.
Jamey Mock: 54:47 Yes. You're in the ballpark there, Patrick. So again, we believe the team did an outstanding job executing in the first quarter and continues to execute well in a turbulent environment. To give you the bridge, yes, we beat the first quarter -- I'll take the high end. We took -- the high end, we beat by $0.31. You've got the extra $0.35 for California, which I just described. So we're basically not flowing through $0.20. That's primarily three things. For the most part, it's foreign exchange, I think you've heard that with all of our peers as well. And then the inflation and freight environment is a little bit tricky right now, so we put in a little of extra costs. I think as I mentioned, pricing is going well, the team continues to execute. We're doing a lot to offset increased freight cost in terms of different routes, different providers, different packaging, frankly. 55:38 But I think right now, it's early. There is a lot of macroeconomic uncertainty out there, Patrick. So we felt like we wanted to flow through $0.10 on the high end because we wanted to increase the guidance by something that we are very confident as always in at least meeting if not beating.
Patrick Donnelly: 55:55 Yes, that's helpful. And then maybe one on China, you obviously talked a lot about it with 1Q and 2Q. Can you just remind us, first of all, how much of the China revenue is in the diagnostics world, and then how do you think about the recovery? A lot of the companies, a lot of your peers have said instruments will probably snap back fast, consumables service, maybe that's a little more lost than recovered. How are you guys thinking about that? And then again would love to just talk through your split there in China.
Jamey Mock: 56:21 Yes. So I'll just talk non-COVID, Patrick, COVID just sort of  So non-COVID, I think that's what we're trying to portray that it is different. I mean, if you go back two or three years ago, we used to say China diagnostics was 60% of the business and DAS was more like 40%, which was the inverse of the total makeup of the company. If you fast forward to this past quarter, DAS is now 55% of overall China and diagnostics is 45%. And life sciences is about 30% of overall China. 56:58 And I think that's where all these investments in terms of BioLegend, Nexcelom, Horizon, et cetera, have really change the game for us in China. So even though life sciences has always grown very well there for us, and this past quarter it grew over 20%, it's now a much bigger piece of the pie, which I think then changes the trajectory of the growth rate for us in China. 57:19 Applied continued to do well in a kind of tricky environment, I mentioned all the supply chain issues at the end of the quarter, and everybody knows about the chip issues that all of us are experiencing. They still grew mid single-digits. So DAS is probably 50-50 life sciences and applied markets, and then the rest is diagnostics, call it 45%. You know diagnostics is two-thirds of that and it's mostly EUROIMMUN, and I've already hit that. But overall, China diagnostics at a company level, or immunodiagnostics at a company level is less than 5% of the revenue of the company. So while it has been impacted, overall it grew low single-digits in the first quarter. And I think we're weathering the storm pretty well and quite excited about the future of China for us, particularly with the greater life sciences business.
Prahlad Singh: 58:03 I mean, even within diagnostics, the applied genomics business continues to do very well there. So I think once the lockdowns open up and we get back to normal double-digit growth, that's on the upside.
Patrick Donnelly: 58:17 Great. Thanks, Prahlad and --
Jamey Mock: 58:18 Operator, we have a few extra minutes. So if there are any other questions, we'd be happy to take them.
Operator: 58:26 Of course. Our next question comes from Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs. Matt, your line is now open.
Matt Sykes: 58:37 Thank you. Good afternoon, Jamey and Prahlad and Steve. Appreciate you squeezing me, and I just have one quick one. Prahlad, you talked a lot about life sciences becoming such a large portion of DAS and it's a great story. And I'm just also looking at the growth rate you guys put up in your industrial environmental and food within that, which is still strong and there seems to be some secular tailwinds driving some of that. As you allocate internal resources within the company and you think about DAS, how are you thinking about sort of that life sciences split between the other divisions within DAS in terms of allocating capital and growth initiatives?
Prahlad Singh: 59:16 Yes. I think the way we've talked about, Matt, and especially as we look at our overall allocation both organically and inorganically, over the past several quarters, we've continued to make organic investments disproportionately on the applied side of the business. And if you look at the inorganic trend over the last 18-months, I would say a dominant if not a majority of our acquisitions has been on the life sciences side of the business. But consequently, the thing is also in this case for applied, the end markets where we have a strong position, whether it's  or inorganic and especially with semiconductors on batteries with our ICP-MS portfolio or IR portfolio, those end markets are doing very well and we are seeing the benefits of that. 60:01 But I think again going back to what I've been mention -- Jamey has been saying, the DAS business now is two-thirds life sciences. For us what becomes important is what might be a $700 million business this year and end up being an $800 million business life sciences reagents business that's growing in the low-to-mid teens. And I think that is going to be the growth drivers for not just DAS, but for the company. And I think that's what we feel very good and confident about the assets that we've put in place for that.
Matt Sykes: 60:37 Great. Appreciate you squeezing me, thank you.
Prahlad Singh: 60:40 Yes.
Operator: 60:44 Thank you, Matt. There are no further questions, so I'll turn the conference back over to our management team for any closing remarks.
Stephen Willoughby: 60:52 Thank you, Amber. And thank you, everyone, for your time and questions this evening, and we look forward to speaking with you all again next quarter. Have a good night.
Operator: 61:07 That concludes today's PerkinElmer first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening and thank you for attending today's PerkinElmer Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. My name is Bethany, and I will be your moderator for today's call. All lines will be muted during the presentation portion of the call with an opportunity for questions and answers at the end.  I would now like to pass the conference over to our host, Steve Willoughby, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Willoughby: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to PerkinElmer's fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Prahlad Singh, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jamey Mock, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not yet received a copy of our earnings press release or slide presentation, you may find copies of them on our Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note that this call is being webcast and will be archived on our website. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone of the safe harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and those in our SEC filings. Statements or comments made on this call may be forward-looking statements, which may include, but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested by any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call, which are not reconciled to GAAP in the attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'll now turn it over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Prahlad Singh. Prahlad?
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Steve. At this time of the new year, I think it's always a great time to reflect on the past. When I look back on the last three years at PerkinElmer, I see a significant transformation that has taken place, likely the most in the company's 85-year history in such a short period of time. From the changes we made and programs we implemented in 2019 around refocusing our commercial and operating teams, to the output from those changes really shining through in 2020 as the company was able to quickly and aggressively react to the challenges and opportunities presented by the pandemic. I think that the PerkinElmer of 5 or 10 years ago would not have been able to respond in such an agile or innovative way as it does today by leveraging our collective know-how and efforts around the globe. When I turn to reflect on 2021, I think it is clearly the year of portfolio transformation, especially within the life sciences business. As part of this transformation, including the addition of nine businesses over the last year, we are now keenly focused on successfully welcoming more than 2,000 new colleagues to the company and capitalizing on both the commercial and scientific opportunities of the combined company. Our integration transformation office, which was established 18 months ago, has been hard at work ensuring synergies are realized both today and in the coming years. I was very excited, for example, to see all the teamwork that went into the planning and execution of a company-wide innovation summit we held in mid-November at BioLegend's San Diego campus. Scientists, executives and other business leaders from across the company all came together for several days to lay the current work for the scientific collaborations, which we look to realize across our businesses, as well as build upon the commercial opportunities that can be successfully achieved by working together. So while the external world has recognized a few prominent transformational events, we are also making great progress on our strategic imperatives. 2022 is shaping up to be another strong year of internal innovation for the company with a number of exciting new product launches planned for over the coming months that I expect to meaningfully impact our business moving ahead. One example is EUROIMMUN's Accentis platform, which is a high throughput random access chemiluminescent's platform targeted towards high-volume laboratories, which will be supported by a strong menu of assays as we move into 2023. With this analytical, we are continuing our commitment to drive innovation as we refresh its portfolio with recent launches such as the NexION 5000 ICP-MS and the Spectrum Three FT-IR, both of which have been very well received. This year the focus is on chromatography. In addition to having just refreshed our LC and CDS, we expect to launch a new GC around midyear. It will be our first update to the platform in over a decade and I'm excited to see its increased performance, enhanced user experience and robustness provide meaningful and unique advantages to our customers. Finally, although not necessarily a new introduction, I'm enthusiastic around the potential for our Vanadis platform, particularly in the U.S. market as we expect system placements to continue to ramp up in 2022 and commercial test volumes on the system to more than double. All in all, we've been very active over the past 12 months adding new pieces to the company. But I think it's just as important to highlight our internal innovations, which drove a 15% increase in the number of new product introductions in 2021 and should help drive our organic growth in the years to come. Just as importantly, we believe a true differentiator for PerkinElmer is that we are now bringing significant value by offering a holistic suite of solutions across our portfolio to help customers solve their most critical challenges. We are empowering entire end-to-end workflows, that are helping diagnostic customers reach a wider spectrum of patients in the identification of diseases, improving the pharma discovery workflow or offering a differentiated solution for cell and gene therapy discovery and development. As the company has grown, I'm proud that we continued to have a keen focus on our people and their development, while building a company culture that values one and other diverse backgrounds and perspectives, including the wealth of expertise and talent from all our new PerkinElmer colleagues. From implementing new training and leadership programs, to getting a pulse on our employee satisfaction through a recent employee engagement survey, to sharing in our recent collective success through an incremental company-wide end-of-the-year bonus for the second consecutive year. I'm happy to see our strong focus on our employees and the great performance they have delivered over the last several years. So, while I know this has been a challenge in the last two years, I just want to say thank you to all our employees around the globe for helping turn PerkinElmer into such a great place to work, while executing at an extremely high level. In addition to our people, the customer experience, innovation and operational excellence comprise this year's strategic priorities that we have laid out for the company. In terms of the customer experience, we are all committed to serving customers when, where and how they need us. We couldn't have witnessed a better example of this during the pandemic as customers' requirements fundamentally shifted and require new ways of working, innovating and connecting, not only for our COVID-related customers, but also for those across all our market segments. When it comes to innovation, we are viewing it from a different lens than perhaps just a few years ago. The beauty of having these additions to the PerkinElmer family means that we can create new leading innovations. We are in the best position yet to bring together cutting-edge science in the emerging needs of our customers. And we do believe that any employee, no matter their role, can and should initiate and advance customer-driven ideas. Last but not least, many of you are familiar with the goals we have been driving around operational excellence, which encompasses delivering best-in-class product quality, continuously improving processes, as well as ensuring seamless and effective execution on our integration priorities. While Jamey will cover our financials in more detail, as you saw a few weeks ago in our pre-release, our fourth quarter results were again strong and above our initial expectations, despite facing several hundred basis points of supply chain and other headwinds that came in above and beyond what we had anticipated at the start of the quarter. I'm very proud to see how our team is reacting to these challenges and working to overcome them, while also handling the increasingly strong incoming demand from our customers, which has led to record high backlogs entering 2022 up significantly from a year ago. This strong performance in 4Q led to our full 2021 non-COVID organic growth coming in at 16%, which was above our previous guidance and more than double the initial 5% to 7% range we projected at the beginning of the year. And as I previously mentioned, this is all with us entering 2022 on a solid footing with very strong backlogs. So, I'm also pleased to share our initial outlook for 2022, which despite some headwinds likely continuing at least for the time being, is a testament to the company's transformation over the past several years. Furthermore, I believe our performance and expectations moving ahead are proof that we are now able to overcome various cyclical pressures and still deliver on our commitments in a way I'm not sure the company was able to consistently do in the past. Jamey will give you more details. But for 2022, we are working towards delivering upon our goals for 2023 that we highlighted at the recent J.P. Morgan conference. As part of this progression to high single digits of organic growth, we are raising our previous assumptions for 2022 non-COVID organic growth by 100 bps to now be in the 6% to 8% range this year. This increased outlook is driven by the very strong demand environment we currently see and the positive contribution from our recent high-growth acquisitions. While we do expect COVID testing demand to eventually fall off significantly, for the time being, it's clear that testing is likely to remain above our post-COVID baseline assumptions at least through the first quarter, and we are assuming at least $400 million of COVID revenues this year. This leads to our initial outlook for adjusted EPS for this year to be in the range of $6.80 to $7. So, as you can hopefully see, we are a fundamentally changed companies with great trajectory going forward, while being able to consistently execute and deliver on our commitments. I am inspired to see not only how PerkinElmer continues to enable our customers to advance their science like never before, but also the power of our diverse and talented employees constantly pushing the boundaries of what's possible. With that, Id like to turn it over to Jamey to provide more color on our fourth quarter performance and our 2022 outlook. Jamey?
Jamey Mock: Thanks a lot and good evening, everyone. Before turning to the financial results, I want to remind everyone that our fourth quarter earnings call presentation has been posted on the Investors section of our website under Financial Information. As Prahlad mentioned, we had another successful quarter to the closeout of 2021, which again came in above our expectations on both the top and bottom line, despite facing some headwinds that were slightly greater than we had anticipated going into the quarter. I think this performance in the face of some cyclical adversity is a proof point of the transformation that has taken place at the company over the last two to three years, not only from a portfolio composition standpoint, but also from an operational agility and teamwork perspective. While supply chain and lockdown pressures are likely to be temporary in nature, new challenges will inevitably arise, but our team has demonstrated the ability to execute and flourish in any environment. I am grateful and proud of their efforts. Moving to the top line in the fourth quarter, it was great to see both our COVID and non-COVID revenues, again, exceed our expectations as both our discovering analytical solutions and our diagnostic segments came in better than we have expected on a non-COVID basis. I'm also pleased to see our recent addition performing very well and contribute over $150 million of incremental revenue in the quarter, with more than half coming from BioLegend. Overall, our adjusted revenue came in at $1.36 billion, which was up 1% year-over-year, despite our COVID revenues declining significantly and compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. Foreign exchange was a 1% headwind to revenue, slightly worse than what we had assumed at start of the quarter, while recent acquisitions added 11% to our total revenues, which was in line with our expectations. When combined with 11% non-COVID organic growth and $336 million of COVID-related revenues. Both of which I note are up slightly from our pre-announcement from a few weeks ago. Our total organic revenues only declined 9% year-over-year, despite COVID revenues being down over $200 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. This 9% total organic decline came in slightly favorable to the 12% decline we had approximated at the time of our pre-announcement. I'd also point out that the 11% non-COVID organic growth we achieved in the quarter was despite an estimated 3% to 4% headwind from supply chain and lockdown pressures that were above and beyond what we had assumed at the start of the quarter. Also the Q4 strength was certainly not because of any pull forward as we ended the year with our record non-COVID backlog that was up significantly compared to a year ago. So we are in a great position heading into 2022, and we expect to be able to work through some of this backlog in the coming months, which I'll touch on more later. As to the $336 million of revenue we generated in the fourth quarter from our COVID-related products and services. The contribution from our COVID-related labs was fairly consistent to the third quarter, while our product-related COVID revenue was up mid-teen sequentially, in line with estimated testing volumes to approximately $200 million. As highlighted in our pre-announcement. We saw strong COVID PCR test and extraction kits throughout the fourth quarter, especially in the month of December as Omicron spread across the globe. For the full year, this brings our total COVID-related revenues to almost $1.6 billion with a composition evenly split between our labs and product-related revenues. As it relates to our business segments, diagnostics generated $710 million of adjusted revenue in Q4, which represented 52% of total revenue and was down 17% year-over-year. Organically, the business declined 20% due to the lower COVID revenues year-over-year. On a non-COVID basis, our diagnostics revenue grew 14% year-over-year with all three franchises growing double-digits, led again by Applied Genomics. Geographically, the strength in our diagnostics business was evenly spread across the globe with each of our major geographic regions growing double-digits. For the full year 2021, our diagnostics segment total revenues grew 42% and was up 35% on an organic basis as our COVID revenues were up nearly 50% from a year ago. As it relates to our Applied Genomics business, which falls within our diagnostics segment, total revenue declined significantly year-over-year due to the drop in COVID revenues, but grew more than 30% on a non-COVID basis. Given this consistently strong non-COVID growth throughout 2021, our Applied Genomics business was up more than 50% last year on a non-COVID basis. Of note, we are seeing strong demand for our  JANUS liquid handlers, amongst biotech customers and clinical NGS providers while we expect our Applied Genomics business to remain strong in 2022, we anticipated top line growth rates to normalize after the outsize growth this past year. In our Immunodiagnostic franchise, total organic revenue was down slightly more than 20% year-over-year in the quarter, due to the reduction in overall COVID revenues compared to a year ago. However, on a non-COVID basis, organic growth was up low double-digits globally, despite facing a larger than expected impact from COVID-related lockdowns, especially in China, EUROIMMUN also continued to grow double-digits in Q4 and finished the year with greater than 20% organic growth, both on a non-COVID basis. It's integration of IDS, which we acquired back in mid 2021 is off to a great start with joint commercial activities already underway. Oxford saw strong growth in 2021 and performed in line with our expectations for the year at some headwinds from lockdowns in certain regions were offset by increasing traction of its COVID-related T cell assays, which are being used in research to better understand post-vaccine and post-infection potential immunity by both vaccine manufacturers and government agencies. As it relates to our Reproductive Health franchise, while we have continued to face significant pressures from lower overall birth rates in some regions, such as China over the last few months, we have started to see in some developed markets, including the U.S. and parts of Northern Europe, birth rates begin to flatten out or even increase compared to last year. While it is much too early to determine if this is a durable trend, it is encouraging to see some stabilization after consecutive years of mid single-digit declines in birth rates. Our Reproductive Health business performed well with low double-digit non-COVID organic growth, both for the quarter and the full year, driven by continued market penetration, menu expansion, strong growth in our labs business and an increasing contribution from our non-invasive prenatal testing offering with JANUS. Turning to the discovery and analytical solution segment. The business generated $655 million in revenue in the quarter, which represented 48% of total revenue and was up 30% year-over-year. Organically, the business grew 9% led by strong growth in our life science business amongst our pharma biotech customers, which grew in the low-double digits. Despite the strong life science growth in Q4, we are entering the New Year with the backlog in the business that is more than doubled out of a year ago and more than triple what it was heading into 2020. So it really points to the strong demand environment for the business, but probably even more so the market share we believe we are taking. I think this is a strong proof point that our complete pharma discovery workflow solutions for these customers are really resonating from content development with BioLegend, to target identification, to our high content screening offerings through to our preclinical in vivo imaging offerings, which are allowing us to provide our customers in more complete research workflow. These offerings were obviously bolstered over the last year the additions of Horizon, SIRION, Nexcelom, and of course, BioLegend. More specifically Nexcelom solved record quarterly revenue in Q4, while BioLegend continued to grow strongly in the double digits contributing $80 million in revenue in the quarter. Through this transformation, weve taken a set of industry-leading small molecule preclinical offerings and have now transformed them to be well-positioned to provide strong solutions to our customers working in biologic environments. Outside of life sciences, we saw a strong finish of the year in our spectroscopy instrumentation business, which also grew in the low-double digits year-over-year. Growth was led by sales into industrial accounts, which were up nearly 20% year-over-year led by our ICP and NIR offerings, which we are seeing strong demand from a number of areas, including semiconductors, batteries, testing for emerging contaminants in the environment. Looking at the company overall from a geographic standpoint in the quarter, we saw double-digit non-COVID growth in the Americas and APAC, while Europe grew in the high-single digits. China grew in the high-single digits despite being impacted by both lockdowns within diagnostics and supply chain pressures within deaths. Operationally, we performed well despite the aforementioned macro variables. We were able to generate adjusted operating margins of 34%, which while up significantly from pre-COVID levels were down from the year ago levels due to the unfavorable next impact of lower COVID revenues versus 2020. We continued to invest strongly in the business and the team did a good job of managing through inflationary pressures, which we have seen continue into the New Year. In an effort to offset these pressures, we began to implement significant pricing actions in the second half of last year, which we expect to translate into a net pricing impact in 2022, greater than what we have traditionally experienced. Moving to below the line items, our adjusted net interest expense in the quarter was $26 million. And our adjusted tax rate was 25%. The better-than-expected top line and strong margin performance by the fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $2.56, which was solidly ahead of our $2.05 guidance. For the full year, we generated adjusted earnings per share of $11.36, which was up 37% year-over-year. Free cash flow was again very strong in the quarter coming in at $303 million, which translated into 94% conversion of our adjusted net income. For the full year, adjusted of free cash flow was nearly $1.4 billion with over 100% conversion of our adjusted net income. So Im really proud of the performance team has been able to accomplish here, as weve done a much better job with our collections in particular and have vastly improved both the absolute performance and the consistency of our free cash flow generation over the last two to three year. The strong cash flow allowed us to begin our deleveraging process in the fourth quarter, as we were able to reduce our net debt by over $250 million as compared to the end of the third quarter. This leaves us with a current leverage ratio of approximately 2.2 times net debt to EBITDA down slightly from last quarter. While our leverage improve sequentially and remains below our desired target of three times, we do expect our leverage to increase over the coming quarters, even as we continue to pay down additional debt, as we expect our absolute EBITDA performance to come down as COVID tailwinds subside. So now moving on to guidance. As you saw a few weeks ago at the JP Morgan Conference, Im happy to reiterate that were already able to increase our medium term 2023 outlook for total revenue, organic growth, margins and adjusted earnings per share. The highlight is my opinion is that we now expect our core growth to be in the high single digits in 2023 and beyond. As it relates to this year, we are providing initial 2022 guidance for non-COVID organic growth to be in a range of 6% to 8%, which includes the impact from our recent acquisitions rolling in throughout the year with BioLegend only contributing to our organic growth starting in the fourth quarter. With an estimated contribution from M&A of approximately 7% and assumed 1% headwind from foreign exchange and at least $400 million of COVID related revenue. This brings our expected total revenue in 2022 to be in a range of $4.42 billion to $4.50 billion. I note these assumptions do not account for any incremental lockdowns and/or any COVID related disruptions. As it pertains to our COVID related revenues within the at least $400 million contribution we are projecting for this year, we are cognizant there is a wide range of potential scenarios, but we are assuming approximately $240 million occurs in the first quarter. This is down from the $336 million we generated in the fourth quarter of 2021. Our guidance assumes there are no additional variants that cause significant spikes in testing. And so that by the second half of the year testing subsides and we reach our terminal level of COVID related revenues of approximately $25 million per quarter, depending upon the level of PCR testing demand over the coming months and the durability of our various COVID related lab contracts, it is possible our expectations could prove conservative, but we believe the at least $400 million is a comfortable level at this point. However, as we and most others have seen during this pandemic, projecting future testing demand out more than a month or two is quite difficult, and we prefer to plan with a more cautious approach. In terms of earnings, we are expecting to be able to deliver adjusted earnings per share this year of between $6.80 to $7, which equates to nearly 20% CAGR since 2019. This assumes approximately $105 million of net interest and other expenses and adjusted tax rate of 20% and our average diluted share count being in the range of 126 million to 127 million shares, and we continue to expect to offset compensation-related dilution. For the first quarter, we are projecting reported total revenue to be in the range of $1.17 billion to $1.19 billion, which consists of non-COVID organic growth of 7% to 9%, and M&A contribution of 11%, a 2% headwind from foreign exchange and the $240 million of COVID-related revenue, which are down $310 million from the year ago period. We did a 7% to 9% non-COVID organic growth assumption as a modest amount of benefit from working through a portion of the current record high backlogs. That said, moving forward, we hope to run the business with a higher absolute level of backlog than we have in the past, which I believe will further improve our ability to consistently execute towards our goals. In terms of adjusted earnings per share for the first quarter, we are forecasting a range of $2.05 to $2.10, which assumes $27 million of adjusted net interest and other expenses and an adjusted 21% tax rate and a diluted share count of 126 million to 127 million. And while we are not providing quarterly guidance at this time for the remainder of the year, I would point out that we will be facing our most difficult year-ago organic comparison in Q2 for this year for your modeling purposes. All of this guidance is detailed on the second to last page of todays presentation that is on our investor website as well. In closing, a year ago, I described the year 2020 as likely being one of the most important in the history of PerkinElmer, and then I felt we were much better positioned as an organization heading into 2021. After completing the addition of nine new businesses to the PerkinElmer family over the last 14 months, while also continuing to make significant progress on our internal strategic imperatives, I will repeat my comments from a year ago, in that I think 2021 is likely going to go down as one of the most important years in the history of PerkinElmer. And I know we are much better positioned as an organization heading into 2022. And with that, operator, at this time, we would like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  The first question is from the line of Dan Arias with Stifel. You may proceed.
Dan Arias: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for the questions. Jamey, on maybe just to start with the guide for the year. What is the op margin outlook thats assumed under the $6.80 to $7? And then along those lines, are you able to split out whats due to mix versus other factors like investments and such? Obviously, the impact of the changing COVID testing profile on profitability is a focus. So I know testing is a moving target. But any help that you can give us there as we just sort of think about shifts would be helpful.
Jamey Mock: Sure. Yes. Hi, Dan. So the operating margin assumption is in the high 20s, lets call it, 27%, 28% overall. And much of it is due to mix. Well, obviously, weve got COVID going away at relatively high margin rates, and then growth in the core and M&A coming in at still 40% plus incremental, so that overall gets you to the 27%-ish operating margin rate. And in terms of driving productivity, I think its everything that weve always been talking about. Weve got a lot of programs going on, both with our procurement teams, with new product introductions and reconfiguring everything thats going on with services acceleration. And then to your point, we did make a lot of investments over the last year. We took some of the COVID products, the profits to invest in the future and things like R&D, in selling and marketing, digital and information technology and people. And so those will more normalize as we head into 2022. And so we feel confident that 27% is achievable here.
Dan Arias: Yes. Okay. Thank you. And then maybe on the Diagnostics side, specifically EUROIMMUN. That was a mid-teens grower in 2019 before COVID entered the picture. Can that business get back to those levels or something close this year on the non-COVID side, just given that youre  I think youre egging each geography with double-digit growth? It sounds like youre launching some new products there and presumably conditions should continue to improve here. So just wondering how you kind of presume the trajectory that you had before COVID entered the picture.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Dan. I think our assumption going into  as you pointed out, EUROIMMUN has always been a double-digit grower, and our assumption is that it will continue to be B1 in 2022 and beyond. I think the only caveat I will say, and I mean a lot of that obviously is dependent on what happens with COVID. There are severe lockdowns, and obviously, EUROIMMUN takes a backseat. But assuming, as we have assumed, that things will start to normalize into the second half of the year, that will be a double-digit grower.
Dan Arias: Okay. Thank you very much.
Steve Willoughby: Operator, were ready for the next question. Bethany, are you there? It looks like weve lost the operator for one moment, there just  bear with us one second. Thank you. 
Operator: Apologies. Our next question is from Vijay Kumar of Evercore. Vijay, please go ahead.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Maybe, Jamey, one, Ill start with the guidance here, and I had one for Prahlad. The guidance simplistically, you guys said 16% base growth, organic growth in fiscal 2021, and youre guiding to 6% to 8%. That feels like its coming in a little bit better than what we were expecting given the comps here. I think you mentioned backlog here, orders coming in above. Maybe talk about your backlog, and how much visibility is that giving you to this high singles growth? Also maybe talk about pricing. I think you made some comments on pricing, price actions you took. And why is it prudent to assume no impacts of lockdown just given, I think you mentioned, three to four points of impacts in Q4?
Jamey Mock: Hey Vijay, theres a lot in there. So, I dont think it should be a surprise the 6% to 8%. I think weve been saying, look, the base business before our acquisitions could grow 5% to 7%. And we said that by 2023, wed be high single digits. And along the way, in 2022, well have a lot of these acquisitions come in throughout the year. And thats the first part of the step up. In fact, on a pro forma basis, with our acquisitions, we are actually high single digits with this guide. So the 6% to 8% is just BioLegend coming in, in the fourth quarter, several others coming in the first through the third quarter. So hopefully, its not too much of a surprise. And I think just generally speaking, as we step back from it, I think the end market seems strong. I mentioned our backlog is strong. Were not expecting a lot of the backlog to flush this year. Pricing has an upside lever to it as well. But the difference between the 5% to 7% and the 6% to 8% is really all in DAS or the same thing on a pro forma basis. If you go back, we said DAS could be mid-single digits in the past and the Diagnostics could be high single digits. DAS is now moving to mid-to-high single in this guide. And on a pro forma basis, it is a high single-digit guide. So overall, I hope its pretty consistent with what weve been guiding people over the next couple of years.
Prahlad Singh: And just to add to that, Vijay, this is probably another proof point that we are on our way to the high single digits growth that we said for 2023. As you recall, three weeks ago, we said at the JPMorgan conference that we will be 7% to 9% in 2023. I think our story that of being in the midst of the transformation is over. Our transformation is completed, and we are starting to see the benefits of what all the hard work that has gone on over the past two, three years. So, I think moving forward, as we move into 2023 as a high single-digit company, this is the next step in that direction.
Vijay Kumar: Thats helpful commentary, Prahlad. Maybe one related to that question on your 2023 comments rate. I think, at JP, you guys said $7 of earnings or north of $7 with the margins of like 26%, I think if Im looking at your base implied margins here for fiscal 2022, I think you guys were already at 23% op margin here for the base business with BioLegend being incremental. Maybe talk about your margins, visibility into margin trajectory, that 26% you laid out for fiscal 2023? And then BioLegend still expected to be $380 million of the contribution in fiscal 2022? I thought Q4 perhaps came in a little light.
Prahlad Singh: I dont think Q4...
Jamey Mock: Yes, Q4 came in right as we expected, Vijay. BioLegend overall still hit $320 million of revenue for the year and was up 33% versus the prior year.
Prahlad Singh: And weve said $380 million for the year. Thats consistent and strong. Well, I think to your bigger question really, Vijay, that you asked. I think the way to think of it is that for us, and both Jamey and I have pointed out, 26% is just a midpoint into our journey as we continue to transform the company. This has really changed. We are now better equipped to overcome cyclical or other challenges. Essentially, if Diagnostics and Life Sciences is 80% of our business. I think thats the piece that  and I continue to communicate to you guys that this is a company that is now going to be a high single-digit growth company, which is going to deliver margin in the late 20s. And we are at a point where essentially, you know what we have forecasted for the next 24 months. If you look at what we have pointed out for 2022 and we just pointed out where 2023 will be for us at JPMorgan. So, I think, I couldnt be prouder of the story that we have. We are sitting here to communicate on behalf of our 16,000 employees today.
Vijay Kumar: Fantastic. Congratulations gentlemen.
Jamey Mock: Thank you, Vijay.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Vijay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Leonard of Wells Fargo. Dan, please begin with your question.
Dan Leonard: Thanks for the time here. Just a couple. First off, on pricing power. Can you elaborate a bit more on how you feel about pricing power across the enterprise? And perhaps quantify the greater pricing you expect to capture in 2022?
Jamey Mock: Hey, Dan. So a big portion of our business, as you know, is on reagent rental. So to the extent that they are coming up for renewal, we can affect those. But much of our business is under two-year, three-year, five-year contracts. Otherwise, though, historically, pricing has been, weve called it less than 100 basis points, maybe 50 basis points. And while we dont want to guide specifically or I would say exactly what our pricing power will be, its going to be, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, substantially more this year. And weve been having conversations with our customers, our commercial team, as Ive mentioned in the past, there doesnt seem to be a lot of pushback. So, we feel confident in having a lot more pricing power this year to the extent that we can affect it in certain contracts.
Dan Leonard: And then a follow-up, Jamey, there was a lot of discussion of backlog in the prepared remarks. It was unclear to me how much of the strength in backlog is due to the supply chain issues and ability to fill all the orders by year-end versus core organic backlog growth. Is there any way you could elaborate on that further?
Jamey Mock: Yes. I would say its a small  the supply chain issues, Dan, were a relatively small component of our backlog growth. So to put that into perspective, our backlog is up 50% year-over-year, and its the strongest its ever been. So yes, supply chain played a small role in that, supply chain pressures and push out that is. But overall, the demand on all the end markets is extremely strong, both instruments and consumables are up substantially, so not a huge impact on backlog.
Dan Leonard: Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Thanks Dan.
Operator: Thank You. Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America. Derik, please begin with your question.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good afternoon. I wanted to follow up on Dan's question. So across the Life Sciences industry, everyone is talking about just gaining share and not everyone apparently can gain share. I mean, is it just that the fact that the markets are much stronger than they have before and we're sort of the next level of demand versus everybody claiming they're taking share from maybe else? I mean, I'm just trying to understand the dynamics because the growth for most companies is doing a lot better, and we're sort of that  you would think that a lot of catch-up spending is done. So it's more of a commentary on the broader end market outlook that you're seeing. And then it goes to the next point on this one is like how sustainable is this? I mean, are we in a new  is the market is now 4% to 6% growth where they were historically particularly in the DAS segment? Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, it's a great question, Derik. But I think the starting point, obviously, is that the end markets are strong. But I think two other factors to consider. One is it depends on which space you are playing in. We've sort of ring-fenced the areas both in Life Sciences and Diagnostics where we are playing. We are not sort of a provider for everything for every customer, right? And I think whether you look at it in preclinical discovery, either on the small molecule side or the biologics side, we have sort of built our forte in that market. Just like on the Diagnostics side, we've done with reproductive health or immunodiagnostics. So I think both of those play a role. And then the fact that we've consistently been able to put solutions in front of our customers, I mean, if you go back and recall what we presented three weeks ago, the examples around how we are building a total solution work for a solution around infectious diseases with Oxford assays or around Applied Genomics. I think the answer to your question really is, yes, the end markets are strong, but I think also the fact that we are now able to bring a portfolio which our customers want is also playing a role. Anything else, Jamey?
Jamey Mock: I think that's it.
Derik De Bruin: Thanks. And the pricing gains that you're seeing, I mean, do you expect those to be sticky in 2023? I'm just wondering, is there some deflation at some point where you have to give price back.
Jamey Mock: Hard to say, Derik, at this point. I mean, I think, overall, the value proposition of our products is quite strong out there. So you would hope that much of this sticks and remains moving forward.
Derik De Bruin: So we hadn't heard you guys talk about Vanadis in a while, but would love sort of like an installed base update, how you're competing against some of the NGS players? Just sort of a little bit deeper in that one. And sort of what can that contribute to the reproductive health business, and then I'll get off.
Prahlad Singh: Sure, Derik. I mean, I think as I've mentioned, we are sort of trying to stay away from providing numbers and how many units we are installing. But as I have pointed out earlier, we have a very strong pipeline. We've started shipping equipment and instruments, and we are doing a lot of validations across several sites. I think our expectation, I would say, that from a commercial perspective, that we'll double our volume in 2022. But I think more importantly, it was the fact that you pointed out around some of the other players. And I think there has been enough information out there around the press that sort of validates our product segmentation that we were trying to do with Vanadis when we launched it, i.e., provide OBGYNs and our customers with a solution that is easy to put into action and implement. And more importantly, it focus on what matters, which is 13, 18 and 21. And I think you have seen hopefully enough news and articles around that, that helps validate that assumption that we made going into with Vanadis. And I think it's going to be a big driver for us to be productive health into mid-single digits.
Jamey Mock: For sure.
Derik De Bruin: And what's the price point of Vanadis test versus an IPT, and I really have done with the sequencing based on IPT.
Prahlad Singh: Absolutely great question. If you are going to do $5,000 to $10,000 per test, it's $100 per test versus what you get from NGS, which is several hundred dollars.
Derik De Bruin: Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: Yes.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Bruin. Our next question comes from Catherine Schulte of Baird. Please go ahead Catherine, your line is open.
Catherine Schulte: Hey guys congrats on the quarter and thanks for the question. I guess, first, one of your COVID testing peers provided a framework for thinking about COVID testing upside potential drop through to EPS, just given there's such a wide range of outcomes here. Is there a way to frame that for you guys? Like each 10 million of COVID upside would yield an additional $0.03 of EPS or something like that.
Jamey Mock: Yes. Catherine thanks for the kind remarks. I would say COVID has pretty fairly high incrementals. So without giving specifics, we have been saying its north of the Diagnostics gross margins, not a lot of extra selling cost to it. So I think that should give you some math in terms of what an extra $100 million could be. It could be $50 million to $60 million of operating profit and then tax effective. It does come with a higher tax rate. Most of the jurisdictional incomes are a little bit higher than where we play and where our mix is. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color there.
Catherine Schulte: Yes, helpful. And then can you quantify of the three or four points of supply chain and lockdown headwinds, how much of that was really lockdown related? And it seems like there should still be some lockdown impact in the first quarter. So what are your assumptions there in the 1Q guide?
Jamey Mock: That's right. Yes, it will remain in the first quarter here. To your point, we've taken that into account in our guidance. But I would say the lockdown impact as opposed to supply disruption impact is maybe 1/3 to 40% of that overall number. So call it one point to 1.5 points.
Catherine Schulte: Great. Thank you.
Jamey Mock: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Ms. Schulte. The next question comes from the line of Josh Waldman with Cleveland Research. You may proceed.
Jamey Mock: Josh, are you there?
Prahlad Singh: Josh, you are on mute.
Josh Waldman: Yes. Sorry, guys. I was on mute. Just two for you. First, I wondered if you could comment on recent trends within the food business. I know last couple of quarters, that business has been growing mid-single digits, maybe a bit below the gas average. Are you seeing backlog build in that business as well? I know you called out Life Sciences seeing backlog build in Life Sciences, but wondered if you're seeing backlog build in the food business.
Jamey Mock: Yes. So it has been growing nicely. It's coming off a relatively easy comp in 2020, Josh. So  but as we've mentioned in the past, we've done a lot with our food business, and it's really comprised into three areas: our food safety business, which is doing extremely well, particularly in China with our Meizheng business; food quality, weve had some historical issues, but I think weve started to write the shift there; and then cannabis, which, as you know, was significant in the year 2019, which is why the 2020 numbers looked pretty rough. So overall, Id say theres signs of life in cannabis. I would say food safety is doing extremely well. Food quality is doing well. And overall, for the year, grew mid-teens, I think. And I think as we head into 2022, were very confident. So were going back to our historical guide of, say, 6% growth in food. But I think theres plenty of reasons why there could be upside there. And in terms of backlog, yes, we had the backlog grow in our food business as well. It too was impacted a little bit by supply chain. So it was both supply chain pressure plus demand increased our backlog in the food business.
Josh Waldman: Got it. And then can you provide some additional context on what youre seeing in China from an end market perspective? I guess, what level of growth are you expecting from that region kind of within your 2022 guide?
Jamey Mock: Yes. So China has been extremely strong for us. I think for the year, it did 20% or 24% growth, something like that. And that was obviously off an easier comp in the year 2020. But as we head into 2022, were thinking high single digits. So we are still factoring in some concerns around COVID, and particularly, in our EUROIMMUN business. As you might remember, Diagnostics makes up a large portion  a larger portion of the mix in China. So reproductive health and the birth rate pressures that weve seen in China dragged that down kind of in the high single digits versus historically, weve been seeing double digits. So in this guide, were thinking high single digits overall, Josh. Life Sciences has been extremely strong. Applied Genomics has been extremely strong. But as a percentage of the overall business, its a little bit smaller.
Josh Waldman: Got it. Appreciate the context.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Waldman. The next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. You may proceed.
Jack Meehan: Thank you and good afternoon. I wanted to continue on the China discussion, but just more focused on a reflection on the fourth quarter. Its still early in earnings season, but havent heard other companies really talk about disruption in the region, and well have to wait and see what others have to say. But I was just curious if you could elaborate a little bit more on some of the headwinds you saw in the quarter and what might have been unique to PerkinElmer that others havent called out yet.
Jamey Mock: Yes. I would say two things. Josh, remember in our Diagnostics business  or sorry, Jack, theres two things. In our Diagnostics business, EUROIMMUN obviously plays a big role. And when we saw Omicron lockdowns affect the month of December, we started to have a pretty dramatic impact, some in autoimmune, but largely in other infectious disease and allergy, which is a big portion of the EUROIMMUN business over there, number one. And then number two, supply chain still affected our business over there. So the global applied backlog, global food backlog, global Life Sciences backlog, every region was impacted as a result of that. So we saw it both on the Diagnostic side, as well as some of the instruments on the DAS side.
Prahlad Singh: I think, Jack, more importantly, if you just look at the macro factors for China for us, that continues to be a growth market for us. Thats not going to slow down. If you look at the  one of the bigger challenges for us for some time, as you know, has been the birth rates. I think its going to, hopefully  the government is putting enough incentives, and our hope is that as the party meets again in August this summer, they are going to put more incentives into play for people to have kids. So either from immunodiagnostics, and as Jamey pointed out, Diagnostics is a big piece of our play there. That market is not going to slow down. And we havent seen any impact as such that it would.
Jack Meehan: Great. And as an unrelated follow-up for you, Prahlad, a lot of commentary in the script about, obviously, you guys were active with M&A in 2021. Curious just level of appetite for more deals in 2022. And on a similar vein, given the discussion around womens health, reproductive health, Vanadis, whats your level of appetite for doing deals kind of in the specialty lab space to maybe help bolster that strategy?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mean, I think there are three questions in there, Jack. In terms of our ability to do M&A, in terms of the timing on that, and in terms of the space, right? So I think we both said pretty clearly that I think our focus right now will be on debt repayment and ensuring that we get back to the leverage that we are comfortable in, as we've pointed out. So once we do that and once we get to a position where we do M&A, you will see more of it in the spaces that we have played recently. In the Life Sciences segment, if there are any holes in our portfolio, we'll continue to fill that and bolster that. And on the Diagnostic side around infectious diseases. As you know, we've now got a significantly large installed base of new customers, and we need to fuel that engine. So similar to what you saw with Oxford around tuberculosis or with ideas around endocrinology, we will continue to bolster our portfolio on assays on the Diagnostic side.
Jack Meehan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Meehan. The next question is from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi. You may proceed.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey, thanks for taking the question guys. Jamey, maybe one for you on the backlog piece, I know you talked about it being at a record and then going forward, planning to run the business with a bit higher level of backlog than in the past. Can you just talk about  maybe help frame that whether it's a magnitude of where we are today or kind of how much larger you're looking to go in the future. And then again, just wondering how much that will improve the visibility and transparency going forward?
Jamey Mock: Yes. I mean, I don't want to give too Patrick, but I would say it's material particular to the businesses where we sell instruments. And that's now 20% to 25% of our overall revenue, just to put that into perspective. So if we're $5 billion, $1 billion, $1.5 billion is what we're talking about here. And instruments provide good visibility and I think consistency in our ability to meet what we say we're going to do here. So I'd say it's a relatively high portion of that overall segment. On the consumables side, that's much more flow and even though the backlog did increase, like I mentioned, that just already has some level of consistency to it. So I don't know. That's a little bit more color, but I think that level of backlog affords us the visibility to consistently execute what we say we're going to do.
Patrick Donnelly: That's helpful. And then maybe just one on BioLegend, it sounds like your revenues are tracking pretty much where you guys expected. Can you just talk about the synergy opportunity now that we're, what, five months, I guess, since you closed it, both on the cost side and revenue side. I know, obviously, it wasn't a cost synergy deal. And you guys wanted to invest in the R&D side there, but maybe just talk through that. And then the margin profile, I think it's a little over 40% op margins. Where those could go as well would be helpful?
Jamey Mock: Yes. So like you said, Patrick, this is not a cost synergy play whatsoever with BioLegend. We plan to continue to invest in the business. And we did say, yes, operating profits is in the high-40s. I think they can continue to tick up as they get more volume leverage for sure over time. So nothing has affected our overall 50 to 75 basis points beyond 2023, and BioLegend fits into that. I'd say as we look at 2022, commercial synergies is what we're looking at. We've mentioned five years out; we could have $100 million of annualized. And so I don't think it will be a perfect linear $20 million in the first year, it might be half that from a synergy perspective, but I think the teams are already working together. There's been a lot of training sessions, a lot of different discussions around how to execute, how to quote, et cetera. And then on the innovation side, I think that's what's more exciting. I mean, Peter Brighton Smith talked about Oxford and being able to use some of their antibodies, and we're starting to look at that. But we and Prahlad mentioned we had our summit recently. I think if you look at the innovation side, wrapping not only Biogen, but Nexcelom, Oxford, SIRION, Horizon, we have some serious plays be able to make a difference in cell and gene therapy, our continued discovery business, more on the biologics, as well as Diagnostics. So I think the technology and innovation play is probably more exciting in the longer term.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. And Patrick, just to add to that, I think the benefit that BioLegend brings short-term or near-term, as Jamey pointed out, the revenue synergy is an obvious 1 as we expand it into geographies where they don't play a role. But I think mid- to longer term, the opportunity that BioLegend gives us is that it gives us several shots at the goal. It's not just 1 shot. It's on the Diagnostics side, whether it's with EUROIMMUN or Oxford, and it's on the Life Sciences side, whether it's with Cisbio or Nexcelom. So the benefit that BioLegend gives us is that it gives us opportunity to realize the product synergies and technology synergies with several of our businesses rather than any one or two.
Patrick Donnelly: Thanks helpful. Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you Mr. Donnelly. The next question comes from the line of Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed.
Matt Sykes: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions. Appreciate squeezing me in. Just two quick high-level ones for me. Just one on DAS. We spent a lot of time over the past year, a couple of years improving the business from an operational efficiency standpoint, but also obviously putting in acquisitions. I'm just wondering, it sounds like you feel like you've set that business up very well for future growth. When it comes to profitability, are there still areas like OneSource comes to mind where you feel like you can still get some levers on increasing margins from an operational efficiency standpoint? And could you just comment on the progress you think you've made to that point? And how much more there is maybe to go for in that?
Jamey Mock: Yes. Hey Matt, so I still think there's a large amount of opportunity in the DAS business for margin expansion. You mentioned OneSource, so I'd say that's number one. And we've talked a lot about everything we're doing around services and software that we invested in. I would say Life Sciences as a whole also has a lot of leverage. So as we grow the volume there, I think you have additional upside on the leverage line for life sciences, in particular. And then analytical or applied markets, I mean, I've mentioned a lot about how we're trying to redesign the products? How we're trying to sell more consumables? So I think all three of our end markets, food as well, all have opportunity. And I would say, generally speaking, we're probably in the third or fourth inning, maybe to use a baseball analogy here. So I still think there's plenty of runway in the DAS business.
Prahlad Singh: Or I think just taking the  I mean, the natural progression of it has happened, Matt. Because as we've evolved the portfolio, if you just put Life Sciences in the DAS side, if you just put Life Sciences and informatics together, that's close to 70% of the business now, right?
Jamey Mock: For sure. Yes.
Prahlad Singh: And I think that itself is a big needle move around the operating margin for the business.
Matt Sykes: Got it. Thanks.
Jamey Mock: Yes, on a pro forma basis, Matt. This is 68% of the revenue of DAS that's going here. So I think that helps for sure. And that's really what's moved from mid-single digits overall to on a pro forma basis, DAS had a high single-digit overall organic growth perspective.
Matt Sykes: Got it. That's very helpful color. And then just lastly, just on reproductive health. You talked about mid perhaps some stabilization in the birth rates, particularly in Asia. But if that were to prove to be stubborn and not stabilize or grow can improve utilization and menu expansion fully offset that impact if it's sort of declining at sort of similar rates we've seen and not get worse?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, there are two levers to it, right? Obviously, one that you're talking about, Matt is the geographic expansion that we would be able to offer in place. But also the recent new NPI launches that we have had from a menu expansion perspective, whether it's around DMD, around SLA, around X-ALD, as they start gaining traction and as more and more states for example, in the U.S. and in Europe start adopting those that will help. But I think the biggest driver for reproductive health in 2022 and beyond is still going to be Vanadis. And I think as Vanadis gains traction, as it gains adoption, that is the needle mover that to bring reproductive health back into the mid-single digits.
Jamey Mock: Totally agree. Two things, one clarification, Matt. So we didn't say APAC birth rates have normalized. In fact, China continues to be a significant drag, it was in the U.S., we saw some inflection points, perhaps, I wouldn't call it an inflection point yet, but maybe there's signs here, as well as certain parts of Europe. So that's clarification number one. We're still banking on the fact that China has been going down, to Prahlad's earlier point. At some point, it should hit bottom. And then the second thing is just to reemphasize, what Prahlad said. I mean, even if you look at our two year stack in reproductive health to your point, we've been able to offset significant declines in birth rates. On a two year stack basis, we are low single digits. So we're already doing what you said. And then if you add to it Vanadis, like Prahlad said, that gets you back into the 5% to 10% range. And if birth rates normalize, that's only upside to this as well.
Matt Sykes: Great. Thank you very much for the clarification. Appreciate it.
Jamey Mock: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Sykes. Our last question is from the line of Max Masucci with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Max Masucci: Hey, thanks for taking question. So you're entering 2022 as increased exposure to a wide range of next-gen proteomics and bioprocessing applications. So in those two areas, can you call out any specific products that you expect to become real  more meaningful revenue contributors throughout the year? Whether it's antibodies for upstream and downstream, proteomic applications or even cell culture media and other GMP-grade products for bioprocessing?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Max. As you know, we don't play in cell culture media or in the bioprocessing side. But as you pointed out on the antibody side for proteogenomics, that's one of the fastest-growing markets or segments of BioLegend. And I think that's the opportunity that we have. So from a near-term perspective, that's what we would see. Anything else, Jamey?
Jamey Mock: I would just say, I mean  I agree, we don't play a lot in bioprocessing and self-culture. I mean, a small degree in Horizon to some point. And I think we see a little bit of prospects there.
Prahlad Singh: Yes.
Max Masucci: Okay. Got it. And then one final one here. You're leveraging BioLegend's reagent capabilities in a partnership with a next-generation flow cytometry company that has increased multiplexing capabilities. So understanding that the partnership is just getting started, it would be great to hear what your expectations are for that partnership in 2022? And then maybe just more broadly, whether you see additional opportunities to optimize and merge your reagent offerings with other life science instrument companies and similar partnerships.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mean Max I think BioLegend has had very good partnerships with Cytek as you are saying, the next genomics and several companies. And I think that's going to continue. There's no reason that's going to stop. But I think the one that you are pointing out that's in its initial stages and it's just beginning. So it's tough to sort of give any quantification or any more certainty around that. But obviously, it's a natural fit with the flow of cytometry Instrument Company, and that's the opportunity that they are trying to leverage.
Max Masucci: Got it. Thank you
Prahlad Singh: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Masucci. There are no additional questions waiting at this time. I would like to pass the conference back over to Prahlad Singh for any closing remarks.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Operator. In summary, this is a very exciting time for PerkinElmer. In many corners of the company, we are moving the needle, both in science and health care and we are pursuing important external collaborations that we've talked about today. With the global health care networks, governments, organizations and most reputable partners, key opinion leaders and influencers across our markets, but more importantly we feel like we have built a greater sense of purpose, energy and team work. I'm confident that 2022 will be an exciting year as we have all the pieces in place to drive towards our vision of being a champion for growth. Thank you for your time this evening, and have a great evening.
Operator: That concludes the PerkinElmer's Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. I hope you all enjoy the rest of your day. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by, and welcome to the PerkinElmer's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. . As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. . I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Stephen Willoughby, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Stephen Willoughby: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to PerkinElmer's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. On the call with me today are Prahlad Singh, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Jamey Mock, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Peter Wrighton-Smith, Founder and Chief Executive of Oxford Immunotec. If you have not yet received a copy of our earnings press release or slide presentation, you may find copies of them on the Investors section of our website at perkinelmer.com. Please note that this call is being webcast and will be archived on our website. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone of the safe harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Statements or comments made on this call will be forward-looking statements, which may include, but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested by any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will do so promptly. With that, I'll now turn it over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Prahlad Singh. Prahlad?
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Steve, and good afternoon, everyone. Reflecting on the third quarter of 2021, I can confidently say that our efforts, our investments and our business performance together truly reflected the essence and impact of the new PerkinElmer, a concept we introduced at our analyst meeting back in June. The operational improvements, recent acquisitions in life sciences and diagnostics, R&D investments in the food and applied markets, accelerated innovation across the Board and a ramped up focus on culture, employee engagement and technological innovation have collectively been bearing fruit. While there is still significantly more to come, I think between our very strong financial results and the additional color that Jamey, Peter and I will share with you today, we will further illustrate the immense incremental value we are delivering to all our stakeholders now and are positioned to do so well into the future. To stay on this idea for a moment, our ongoing portfolio transformation into higher-growth end markets continued during the third quarter as we closed on our previously announced acquisitions of SIRION Biotech and Immunodiagnostic Systems. We also announced and were able to fairly quickly close on our largest acquisition to date, BioLegend, 3 months ahead of schedule. I'll touch more on these great recent additions in a bit, but I'm thrilled to see the initial teamwork that is already occurring between these businesses and the rest of PerkinElmer. While collaborations are already underway, I expect there will only be expanded and turbocharged coming out of a company-wide innovation summit we are hosting in a couple of weeks. I'm very proud of how our now 15,000 employees around the world have continued to execute during the third quarter despite facing existing challenges and even starting to come across some new ones. While Jamey will provide more details in a bit, I'd like to highlight the 16% non-COVID organic growth we generated in the quarter, which was again solidly ahead of our guidance. Our COVID revenues came in close to twice our expectation as testing remained similar to the levels we experienced in the second quarter and our teams were again well supplied and ready to meet the incremental demand. This led to adjusted earnings per share in the quarter of $2.31, which was over 40% above our guidance despite the ongoing strong investments back in the business. Overall, we continued to see strong non-COVID demand trends across the business with double-digit growth in all major regions. So while we may be facing a few new headwinds, I feel the team is proactively responding and executing for our customers. Just as we have successfully done over the past few years, we're now up against numerous other pressures across our business and the global economy. While I'm pleased with our strong performance in the third quarter and excited about all our recent acquisitions, I wanted to spend a little more time today sharing some insight into 2 of the newer additions as we haven't had the opportunity to discuss them in greater detail with investors up until this point. First, I'd like to touch on Oxford Immunotec, which we closed back in March. As Steve mentioned, Oxford's Founder and CEO, Peter Wrighton-Smith, has joined us on today's call. As many of you may know, from its days as a stand-alone publicly traded company, Oxford is currently the #2 player in the latent tuberculosis testing market globally. And I think with some of our core capabilities and broader regulatory, distribution and service offerings, the business is well positioned to gain share in the years ahead. In terms of what's been happening since Oxford joined the PerkinElmer family earlier this year, I'm extremely pleased to share that it is on pace to exceed its revenue targets for this year and has been making great progress on rolling out its automation workflows around the world with an anticipated approval for this new workflow in the U.S. next year. I thought it might be helpful to share just some of the ways that 2 companies have been already been collaborating within the first 6 months of being under the same roof. I hope it will give you a feel for the synergy potential we both believe exists. With the help of our integration transformation office, which was set up last year, Oxford and PerkinElmer are already leveraging each other's capabilities in a number of ways, such as integrating our JANUS liquid handlers into Oxford's medium throughput automation workflow that is currently seeking and receiving regulatory approvals around the world, or Oxford's utilizing Nexcelom's Celigo cell counting instruments in its new high throughput automation workflow. In addition, Oxford is also already starting to leverage PerkinElmer's existing field service force to assist with the installation of these automation offerings. Oxford is now beginning to transition from being a developer and manufacturer of diagnostic kits to now offering customers fully automated workflows for TB testing. While it is still early and we have many other plans in process that will play out over the longer-term, those are just a few examples of the initial progress that we are quite excited about. Now I'd like to turn it over to Peter to share some thoughts on the business since becoming part of the PerkinElmer family and maybe some perspective on where he sees the business going in the coming years. Peter?
Peter Wrighton-Smith: Thank you, Prahlad. Our strategy for advancing in the attractive growing latent TB testing market is based on a number of key pillars: firstly, expanding our commercial presence to maximize our penetration of existing and new countries; secondly, dramatically improving our workflow through automating our assay and bringing that new automated workflow to all major jurisdictions worldwide and in a variety of throughputs to suit customers of different sizes; thirdly, improving the economics for our customers and us. This is about reducing our cost of goods to our customers and our advantage, but it's also about capturing more value from the product and service ecosystem created by automation. Being part of the wider PerkinElmer family is helping us to execute better in all 3 of those areas. For example, we're already leveraging EUROIMMUN's presence and field forces to access new countries in South America and leveraging Tulip's presence and relationships in the Indian subcontinent. We are accelerating our automation journey, as Prahlad already mentioned, by adopting PerkinElmer's suite of automation both from core PerkinElmer in the form of JANUS and by utilizing technology from acquired companies such as EUROIMMUN and Nexcelom. We're also able now to capture more of the value from automation as we have a pathway through PerkinElmer's OneSource business and its global supply chain capabilities to sell automation consumables and automation service contracts, both things that we were not equipped to do on our own. We're now also exploring a number of additional COGS reduction opportunities by in-sourcing key raw materials that we currently purchase from third parties. BioLegend in particular, has a number of antibodies and other immunological reagents that we're looking to incorporate into our own immunology-based technology. At the same time, we've been able to streamline our cost structure. Clearly, we're no longer supporting a public company infrastructure ourselves, but more generally, we've been able to reduce our G&A spend by leveraging PerkinElmer's capabilities in those areas. Putting all this together, even just 6 months since becoming part of the PerkinElmer family, we're seeing intensified revenue growth and improved profitability on the bottom line. We're also having growing success in deploying our T cell technology in SARS-CoV-2. Our testing service revenues continue to grow in support of the Phase II and Phase III licensure studies and in support of vaccine deployment decisions under the umbrella of the U.K. vaccine's task force. On the kit side, we're also seeing growing and maturing demand as the important role of T cells has become more widely recognized as a critical means of assessing vaccine efficacy, particularly in immunosuppressed and other high-risk populations. Supported by close to 15 peer-reviewed publications on our technology, T cell testing is now coming into the mainstream in several European countries. We believe this testing will last well into 2022 and probably beyond as we learn to live with SARS-CoV-2 as an endemic mutating global virus. We also see an opportunity to grow our immunology testing services in support of vaccine and pharma clients more broadly outside of SARS-CoV-2. Clearly, we have our own well-respected capabilities in T cell testing. But as part of PerkinElmer, we have 2 other distinct advantages. Firstly, we can leverage the infrastructure of PerkinElmer's global network of specialty clinical laboratories to establish wider worldwide coverage, something of growing importance to vaccine and pharma clients that want to run trials all over the world. Secondly, we're now partnering with BioLegend as their world-leading portfolio of immunology research reagents gives us the expertise to rapidly expand our service offering beyond our own core technology. With that, I'd like to hand it back to Prahlad.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Peter. I look forward to seeing the traction we make over the coming quarters. I also wanted to share with you more about our recent acquisition of Immunodiagnostic Systems, or IDS, which closed in early July and may have been a bit overshadowed by our analyst meeting and the announcement to acquire BioLegend. I want to make sure our shareholders know why we are so excited about IDS becoming part of PerkinElmer and what we believe it brings to the overall company. The addition of IDS is a great example of where we expect 1 plus 1 to equal at least 3 and hopefully more. Let me first tell you a bit more about the company. It's a developer and manufacturer of medium throughput chemiluminescence analyzers and assays that was previously publicly traded in the U.K. and have been going through an evolution of its assay menu over the last several years. By adding IDS, we have significantly enhanced our in-house chemiluminescence assay development expertise. This expertise will provide even more resources to support the development and launch of EUROIMMUN's high-throughput, random access chemiluminescent system, Accentis which we expect to introduce next year. Furthermore, by adding IDS's existing mid-throughput RA10 chemiluminescence analyzer and its current installed base to the business. Upon the launch of the Accentis platform, we will then be able to offer a spectrum of chemiluminescence systems and assays to our customers. Also, in just the first few months since the acquisition closed, we have started to leverage each other's commercial and distribution strengths. For example, at the recent AACC meeting in Atlanta, PerkinElmer diagnostics, EUROIMMUN, IDS and Oxford Immunotec, all jointly exhibited and met with customers in-person for the first time. And of course, the addition of BioLegend, which closed in mid-September and was the largest deal in our company's history has kept us busy to say the least. I'm happy that we were able to close the deal several months before the end of the year so that all teams and colleagues involved are ready to hit the ground running heading into next year. While BioLegend has been a part of PerkinElmer for only about 45 days, its financial performance has continued to remain extremely strong and hasn't missed a beat as part of this transition. This is a testament to the strong leadership throughout the BioLegend team who are doing a terrific job in running the business seamlessly for customers, while also working tirelessly to ensure a successful transition to the PerkinElmer family. However, I'm even more excited about the interactions and collaborations that are beginning to take place between the BioLegend team and the broader PerkinElmer organization. As I briefly mentioned earlier, I'm especially looking forward to our upcoming company-wide Innovation Summit that is planned for later this year at BioLegend's campus in San Diego. At this event, we'll bring together R&D, innovation, commercial and operational leaders and experts from across the company for several days to collaborate, strategize and just get to know one another. I can't wait to see all the impactful ideas and connections that come from this event. As it relates to innovation, in early October, we received U.S. FDA Emergency Use Authorization for our PKamp respiratory SARS-CoV-2 PCR assay, which provides for the detection of flu, RSV and COVID in a single assay, which we and others expect will play a larger role in testing during the coming winter months in the Northern Hemisphere. Additionally, our EUROIMMUN business recently received FDA Emergency Use Authorization for its quantitative COVID serology assay, which targets the S1 protein. These 2 new COVID assays add to our existing strong portfolio of serology, antigen and PCR assays, which are being used to -- in the ongoing fight against this pandemic. From a corporate responsibility standpoint, while the world of ESG is still an evolving place, I was enthused to see my colleagues effort at our recent company-wide global impact day held last month, where it was great to see over 350 different group initiatives take place, all led by our colleagues around the world. As you may recall, we outlined our initial ESG-related targets at our analyst meeting in June. And I'm delighted to see efforts already underway to work towards achieving them. For instance, we recently completed a new company-wide employee engagement survey, which we will use to ensure PerkinElmer continues to be a great place to work and a team, everyone is proud to be a part of. The initial results look very positive on all fronts of engagement, diversity and inclusion, and health and well-being perspective. But I'm quite sure there is always room for improvement. Additionally, in our recently released corporate social responsibility report, we have begun reporting under SASB, which has quickly been considered the leading industry standards platform. With PerkinElmer now adhering to this framework, we are building on our historical reporting against the carbon disclosure project, which aligns with the task force on climate-related financial disclosures. I'm confident we have good plans and initial targets in place, and I'm happy to see the company more formally rally around these efforts. In closing, while there always seems to be various external pressures we must face, such as the current semiconductor shortage, logistics bottlenecks and potential global tax reform, I'm proud to see our team continue to proactively navigate these challenges with agility, innovation and a unique and dedicated focus on the customer with strong global teamwork. This corporate character has allowed us to successfully mitigate the impact of these various challenges and provide the opportunity for us to continue to achieve and even exceed our plans, like we did here again in the third quarter. The end of the year is always a busy time filled with commercial activities, strategic and operational planning and both professional and personal commitments, and I expect it to be that way again this year, but I'm confident our teams are up for it. I'd now like to turn the call over to Jamey to provide more detail and perspective on our third quarter results and color as it relates to our guidance for the fourth quarter. Jamey?
James Mock: Thanks, Prahlad, and good evening, everyone. Before turning to the financial results, I want to remind everyone that our third quarter earnings call presentation has been posted on the Investors section of our website under Financial Information. As Prahlad mentioned, it was quite a busy quarter for the company. I believe the team performed extremely well, and we continue to make great traction on executing the transformation of the business from both an organic and operational perspective, but also inorganically as well, which I'll touch on in a bit. Both our COVID and non-COVID revenue performance exceeded our expectations with double-digit growth in both our Discovery & Analytical Solutions and Diagnostics segments. Additionally, the recent additions to the PerkinElmer family remain on track. So we are set up well heading into the end of the year. During the third quarter, adjusted revenue grew 21% compared to last year to almost $1.2 billion and included a 1% foreign exchange tailwind and an 8% contribution from recent acquisitions. Organic revenue grew 12%, 17 percentage points better than our guidance as our non-COVID revenue grew 16% organically, ahead of our 12% assumption, and our COVID revenue did not fall off to the degree that we had anticipated. As it relates to COVID, we generated approximately $300 million of revenue from our related products and services, which was close to double the $165 million we had projected and down only slightly from the $365 million we generated in the second quarter. Approximately $170 million of our COVID-related revenue in Q3 came from core products with the remainder coming from our COVID-related lab services. As also highlighted by others, we saw a noticeable uptick in demand for our PCR tests and RNA extraction kits in the latter half of the quarter, and some contribution from recently awarded testing contracts such as with the Department of Health and Human Services and Mount Sinai. As we have assumed in our guidance, we reduced capacity made available for the State of California in our Lab-In-A-Lab offering at the beginning of the quarter, which brought down its revenue contribution as compared to the first half of the year. However, we did see average daily volumes in the lab increased significantly as the quarter progressed with a number of days in late September, surpassing 40,000 tests per day. I'm extremely proud of what we've been able to accomplish at our lab in California over the last year from setting it up from scratch in under 70 days to immediately and appropriately addressing all workflow challenges that may come up when getting something like this off the ground in such a short period of time and in the middle of a pandemic to successfully meeting and delivering on varying levels of demand on a week-by-week and month-by-month basis. Given the successful contributions, I'm happy to report that our contract with the state for this COVID testing lab has been extended by another year through the end of October 2022. As it relates to our business segments, Diagnostics generated $654 million of revenue in the third quarter, which represented 56% of total revenue and was up 21% year-over-year. Organically, the business grew 13% and was up 25% organically on a non-COVID basis. Geographically, our Diagnostics business was strong around the world, with strong double-digit non-COVID organic growth in all regions. As it relates to our immunodiagnostics franchise, total revenue was up more than 40% in the quarter, with strong growth in both COVID and non-COVID products and services. EUROIMMUN continued to grow robustly and was up more than 20% organically. This business is fantastic and one that we continue to invest in heavily as it is now on pace to do more than $500 million in revenue this year. As Prahlad mentioned, we closed on our acquisition of IDS in early July, and are excited to see the R&D and commercial synergies it can provide with our existing EUROIMMUN franchise. Our applied genomics business, which also falls within our broader Diagnostics segment, continues to take share on our improved brand recognition. While COVID-related sales in the business have fallen off as equipment-related capacity has been built out, we continue to see strong demand for NGS reagents related to COVID variant detection and our high-throughput real-time PCR workstation, the explorer G3 continues to see strong uptick. Our non-COVID revenue was up more than 50% as core NGS and large molecule activities continues to bounce back after being initially hampered during the pandemic and funding continues to remain strong. When I think about all the ways the pandemic has impacted our business, I believe our applied genomics business in particular, is one that is going to permanently benefit over the longer-term as customers now have so much more experience with our high-quality instruments and kits and our sales force is now even better connected with key opinion leaders in this space. In our reproductive health business, while we continue to face pressure globally from declining birth rates, particularly in China, we were again able to grow this business double-digits overall in Q3 through a combination of menu and geographic expansion, new product introductions, growth within our labs business and a modest benefit from easier year-ago comps, particularly in Asia. Turning to our Discovery & Analytical Solutions segment. The business generated $513 million in revenue in the quarter, which represented 44% of total revenue and was up 21% year-over-year. Organically, the business grew 10%, led by continued strength in our life science business with double-digit growth from pharma customers and mid-single-digit growth from academic and government end markets. In our discovery business, we are pleased to have closed on our acquisitions of both SIRION and BioLegend in the quarter and are excited to see their contributions to our growth in large molecule in the years to come. Sales into industrial and applied markets grew in the low double-digits, driven by strong growth in mass spec, while food was up mid-single digits. Looking at the company overall from a geographic basis, we saw double-digit non-COVID growth in all regions and greater than 20% non-COVID organic growth in China. This led to our total company non-COVID organic growth coming in at 16%, which was 400 basis points above our guidance. Operationally, we are extremely pleased with our performance in light of various macro pressures. Our adjusted operating margins of 31% remained strong, driven by volume leverage, favorable mix and productivity programs, slightly offset by continued investment in our talent and culture, research and development, improved e-commerce, network and security infrastructure, digital capabilities and strengthening our customer relationships, which we expect to help drive results in the years to come. Overall, adjusted earnings per share were $2.31, which is up 11% versus a year ago and 43% above our Q3 guidance. As it relates to the balance sheet, we had a lot of moving pieces this quarter with the closing of IDS and SIRION and the financing and closing of BioLegend. We finished the quarter with $5.1 billion of debt and approximately $500 million of cash. Free cash flow was extremely strong in the quarter and so far this year. We generated $324 million of adjusted free cash flow in the quarter, which equates to a 122% conversion of our net income. This brings our adjusted free cash flow so far this year through the first 9 months to over $1 billion with a conversion rate of over 100%. Given these strong cash flows and the better-than-expected earnings, our leverage at the end of the quarter stood at 2.2x net debt-to-EBITDA on a trailing 12-month basis as we added $2.8 billion in new debt to fund the acquisition of BioLegend. It may be a little counterintuitive, but we expect our net leverage to increase over the next few quarters even as we begin to aggressively delever as we expected earnings-related tailwinds from our COVID revenues to come down. As it relates to guidance, we are expecting Q4 adjusted revenues of approximately $1.2 billion, which assumes 8% non-COVID organic growth, $200 million in COVID-related revenues and an 11% contribution from M&A and a neutral impact from foreign exchange. On the bottom line, we are now expecting adjusted earnings per share of $2.05, which assumes approximately $26 million of interest expense, a tax rate of 22% and 126 million to 127 million of diluted shares outstanding. Given our strong performance year-to-date and our confidence in our fourth quarter outlook, I'm happy to report we are raising our full year revenue and earnings guidance for the third consecutive quarter this year. We now expect over $1.4 billion of COVID revenue and at least 15% non-COVID organic revenue growth for the full year. This brings our total adjusted revenue to just under $5 billion, including an 8% contribution from M&A and a 2% tailwind from foreign exchange. We are now bringing our adjusted earnings per share guidance for the year up nearly $1 to $10.81 per share, which equates to 30% year-over-year growth. All of this guidance is detailed on the second to last page of today's presentation as well. As it relates to BioLegend, we expect total year sales this year of approximately $320 million, which would be up 33% from 2020, included in our fourth quarter adjusted revenue guidance is approximately $80 million of contribution. Due to the faster-than-expected close of the deal, we are even more confident in the previously announced accretion of $0.30 and greater than $0.50 in 2022 and 2023, respectively, while there will be a modest dilutive impact in the fourth quarter as a result of the earlier closing. Importantly, integration activities have commenced sooner than anticipated. And as Prahlad mentioned, we are excited about our upcoming company-wide Innovation Summit in a few weeks at the BioLegend headquarters. Additionally, we were able to close on our financing at rates slightly below our deal model and current interest rate levels. So overall, a fantastic outcome, and our teams are off and running. In closing, I'm encouraged as our team continues to perform at a high level. Our organic and inorganic investments are paying dividends now and set us up well looking forward and our transformation of the business to the new PerkinElmer is well underway. We are excited for a strong finish to the year and are well positioned heading into 2022 and the years ahead, not just financially, but also with our people and culture and most importantly, for our customers. With that, I'd now like to turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: . First question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Michael Ryskin: This is Mike Ryskin on for Derik. I want to start with your comments on the COVID lab contract being renewed. That was always an option, but not something that was necessary price paying. So anything you could say in terms of expectation for testing volumes going forward in 4Q and certainly to '22 is something in the $100 million a quarter range, a fair assumption to start? Or are you being even more conservative than that?
James Mock: Mike, so yes, we are proud to have this renewed. The way I think about it is, while it's renewed for a year, really COVID is such a fluid environment, and we continue to work with the state that it's more like a quarter-by-quarter basis. So as you may know, if you read the contract, the state has the ability to cancel within 45 days. So we really only have line of sight to the next 90 days at this point. We also restructured it to take down the capacity to 40,000 tests per day. We also restructured the variable fees. So for the most part, it's a pretty steady base in terms of revenue irregardless of whether it's 20,000 tests per day or 40,000 tests per day, the revenue remains relatively stagnant and the fourth quarter is probably to the tune of about $90 million baked into our estimate.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. Great. And then on the base business, you had some comments on China in the prepared remarks. I was wondering if you can go into a little bit more detail on what you saw during the quarter and sort of how that's trended. There's been a lot of noise there both from a sort of a supply chain perspective, but also just underlying demand. If you could go into more detail on that, both for DAS and Diagnostics, actually.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Mike, let me just take sort of what the noise that we are hearing. I mean, it goes both whereas the situation in China, as you know, I mean, some news came out this morning around lockdowns in certain provinces and areas. So it continues to remain fluid. And I think -- but overall, for us, as we look at it, including in China, our end markets continue to remain strong, our backlog is the best that it has ever been and both from a China perspective and across, we continue to execute well. So mid-to-longer term, we continue to feel good about China. I think we just have to keep our eyes open and be vigilant about what happens vis-a-vis with the lockdowns that are taking place.
Michael Ryskin: Any sense you could give us the growth number that you saw in the quarter?
James Mock: Yes, it's a little over 20%, Mike. And I would say Diagnostics led the way. DAS was still double digits, but DAS didn't go down as much last year, if you remember, it's a little bit of an easier comp from a Diagnostics perspective because much of the reproductive health and autoimmune testing shut down really in the second quarter last year, a little bit in the first quarter. By the third quarter, it started to come back, but I'd say it's a little bit of an easier comp on the Diagnostics side, but both businesses grew nicely and have for the last 3 quarters here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson: Sorry to press a little more on the China dynamic. But I think one of the questions that's coming up is just on the tender front, right? We've seen Anhui and probably other regions, Sichuan, Yunnan, and  et cetera, following similar policies. So is your view that the tender headwinds around the IVD market could expand nationally over the next year or 2? And what type of pricing impact do you expect? And are there offsets from your perspective with volume?
James Mock: Yes. I mean just building off what Prahlad said, Tycho, I mean, I think we're prepared for that. I think it's inevitable at some point. I don't think localization has been a new thing. It might get a little bit more discussion recently. Now it's kind of impacted some of the Diagnostics products. But we've got 5 sites there. We're localizing EUROIMMUN there. They should be ready to produce locally in 2022. We've got over 2,000 people there. We have terrific local brands. We've got a long-standing relationship. And I think it still comes down to every challenge is a bit of an opportunity. So yes, there might be pricing discussions on tenders, but if you have the best value prop, you can also gain a lot of share. So inevitably, that will come someday, and we'll manage through it, but we have 2 terrific businesses in autoimmune testing as well as reproductive health. And it hasn't hit us yet, but I don't think -- I think it will hit us at some point here.
Prahlad Singh: And Tycho, I think as we've shared in the past, we've already transitioned most of our reproductive health reagents, manufacturing in Taicang. So that transition has already taken place over several years, as Jamey pointed out, this is not something new. This has been -- and immunodiagnostics is a very small component of our overall revenue, so.
James Mock: And I think maybe you saw, Tycho, that the government has come out and tried to say there's no disadvantage for multinational companies that are local in China. So to Prahlad's point, we have the reproductive health side that's local there and the EUROIMMUN side will be local by the start of '22.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. That's helpful. And then a follow-up on just guidance here for the fourth quarter, are you implying that instruments might be down sequentially? And then as we think about 2022, you obviously laid out the 2023 bridge at the Analyst Day. Have any of the underlying assumptions for 2022 change in terms of kind of non-COVID revenue growth in the 5% to 7% range?
James Mock: Yes. So on the instrument side, yes, they will come down really in 2 areas, Tycho. So our applied genomics business from a core perspective or non-COVID, I should say, has been growing like gangbusters. I think over 50% I had in my prepared remarks. So I don't -- I think it's still strong, but I don't think it's going to continue at the 50% level. So we kind of took that down a little bit looking forward here. And then really, we've just put a little bit of cushion on all of our instruments in terms of some of the supply chain disruption that's out there. So we feel pretty confident about the guide and instruments will come down a little bit, but we've been able to manage to it to date then and hopefully, you'll see us beat the guide again here.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then on 2022?
James Mock: Yes, 2022. Yes, not too much. I think the way we think about the business in terms of the core growing 5% to 7% and then the numerous acquisitions have all been mid-teens to high double-digit growers, and I don't think anything has changed there. So as we head into 2022, the end market still seems strong, and we feel pretty confident about the 5% to 7%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Sykes: I just wanted to -- maybe a big picture question. I was curious, the comments you made about Oxford Immunotec in-sourcing some of BioLegend's products. So I'm just wondering, from a big picture standpoint, as you integrate these companies, where you potentially see in-sourcing opportunities? Do you think they're much greater than what you think today? And like anything that you can provide context around maybe quantification of potential in-sourcing opportunities and benefits going forward as you further integrate these companies?
Prahlad Singh: Matt, this is Prahlad. So I'll let Peter talk specifically around Oxford and BioLegend and how that's panning out. But I think, overall, in most cases, what we have seen is around Horizon or Nexcelom, I think initially, when we started putting the story together, to where we are now. The more and more we get to know these companies and the more and more we get to know the technologies, it's easy for us to foresee that 1 plus 1 is definitely more equal -- more than 2. And probably in more cases, more than 3. Just take a look at Horizon and how SIRION fits into the bill, right? The licensing technology that allows us to bring the cell and gene therapy markets together. Going to our customers, being able to look at small molecule and biologics now at the same time, synergies from a commercial perspective, technology perspective, it continues to help bolster the story that we have seen. On the diagnostic side, with the addition of IDS while EUROIMMUN was working on Accentis as a big automated platform, the ability to leverage their RA10 platform, and at the same time, the several assays which they have already qualified now being able to do that both on a smaller platform and a fully automated platform. It gives you a much more expansive menu than what we thought we could leverage. So these are just a couple of examples, and I'll sort of ask Peter to talk specifically around Oxford and BioLegend. Peter?
Peter Wrighton-Smith: Yes. Thanks, Prahlad. So from my perspective, as we have learn more and more about the different aspects of the PerkinElmer family, the opportunity set for us just continues to grow. And PerkinElmer is very unusual in having a huge amount of life science reagents, which a lot of Diagnostics companies, obviously, consumes raw materials in production of their kits. But it goes far beyond that, we are starting to benefit from PerkinElmer's purchasing power as a combined entity. We also have the fact that PerkinElmer makes instruments and a lot of different kind of instruments, which is very helpful for us in our automation journey. And we also have the fact that PerkinElmer has a great service infrastructure. And all of those things mean that companies like us who joined the family then have to replicate and duplicate those capabilities. So from my perspective, I'm seeing ever-increasing opportunities to in-source either products, raw materials or services from the wider PerkinElmer family, and I'm seeing my synergy opportunities that grow as a consequence.
Matthew Sykes: Great. That's very helpful. And then just a specific question. Just DAS margins. You guys have made a lot of progress over the past 1.5 years. And you cited a couple of things with the improvement in operating margins for DAS, mix volume leverage productivity. Of those elements, which can we kind of perceive to be fairly durable? And where do you think the limit might be for increased margin expansion within DAS?
James Mock: I think they're all durable, Matt, I would say mix is probably the biggest beneficiary, particularly in the discovery and life sciences side as that becomes a bigger portion of DAS, it typically comes with higher margins. Now with the addition of BioLegend and now having a $700 million reagent business sitting in DAS, in terms of life sciences, those normally come with pretty high profit margins. So I'd say mix going forward will be durable and probably the biggest driver. Certainly, there are programs that we've been putting in place that we've been talking about in terms of better procurement as we roll out NPIs, refreshing all the configurations and the number of configurations we have and the simplicity of them. We've been doing a little bit around sites, and we've been doing a lot with our service team to be more efficient from a royalty service perspective. So I think all are durable, but I think the quickest biggest impact you get is from mix. And I think that's what you're seeing in DAS this quarter with life sciences growing double-digits here.
Operator: Next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI.
Vijay Kumar: Jamey, one on the guidance, and I had one for Prahlad, big picture. On Q4 here, so the base non-COVID business, organic of 8%, considering that you guys just did 16% in 3Q, your comps don't get materially harder. So I'm curious what that 8% is contemplating in Q4? Is there some China noise? Or is this just a conservatism on your part?
James Mock: Yes, it's a good question, Vijay. I think it's probably more towards the conservatism side. So I'd start by saying the end markets are terrific right now. All of them have been growing at least mid-single digit for us, many well north of double-digit. Our backlog has grown substantially this year and even over the last quarter. I think the little bit that we put into the fourth quarter here, you can call it conservatism, is 2 things basically, any impact from any potential supply chain disruption, which we can talk about more, but we haven't seen too much of today, and that includes transportation as well. And then anything that's going on around COVID lockdowns, particularly in APAC. So -- and we have seen pockets of it, particularly in our newborn screening business in places like the Philippines and Vietnam, where our screening has just been reduced. So those are the 2 factors that we put in. Otherwise, the end markets have been strong. We're not too concerned about it. The backlog is up. So hopefully, it proves to be conservative, but I think it's a prudent thing to do at this time.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, Jamey. Prahlad, one for you. I think most of your peers, we've had a number of Analyst Days heading into the earnings season. And the message from your peers is we're emerging stronger from the pandemic. And if I look at your business, all the acquisitions, you guys have done these are growth accretive, and some of them perhaps even transformational. And I think I just heard you guys talk about fiscal '22 as being in line with LRP, 5% to 7%. Is there something different about Perkin, why you guys shouldn't be in this emerging stronger from pandemic bandwagon or I'm curious on the 5% to 7% versus how your peers are messaging?
Prahlad Singh: I mean look, Vijay, I think we extensively talked about this at the Analyst Day and then even at the end of the last earnings call. I could not be more confident about the future of PerkinElmer than I am today. The end markets that we are playing in, the portfolio alignment that we have done around growth markets of life sciences and diagnostics, and the team and the talent that we have put in place, and that's executing on all cylinders. So there is no hesitancy on our part in saying that the future is very bright. And if you're asking specifically around 2022, I don't think we are doing guidance right now, but Jamey is there.
James Mock: Let me just clarify one thing, Vijay, just about the 5% to 7%. The 5% to 7% is on the core business before all the acquisitions. So just to make sure everybody is clear about that, the 5% to 7% ultimately will not be 5% to 7% when we roll on the acquisitions. So Oxford will roll in there in 2022 into our organic base, Horizon, Nexcelom all these -- that will raise the 5% to 7%. We were just going back to our long-range plan to say, look, we broke it up into 2 things at the time. One was before the acquisitions, that goes 5% to 7%, then here's the 9 acquisitions we've done. That grows obviously more than 5% to 7%. And then BioLegend by itself is obviously very impactful as well. So the 5% to 7% was prior to the acquisitions. The acquisitions will ultimately make that higher.
Operator: Next question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Citi.
Patrick Donnelly: Prahlad, maybe picking up on that last one on the acquisition growth rate side. I know BioLegend is only closed for about 1.5 months. But can you just talk about the revenue synergy opportunity there, particularly with some of the more recent acquisitions. It seems like a pretty significant one. And now that you've had some people in the same room, can you just talk about how you're feeling about those opportunities and what we can expect there?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mean you heard from Peter around Oxford, Patrick. I mean he elucidated pretty well. The technology synergies, the opportunities around service, commercial. And then I think the theme is the same across the Board, whether you look at Nexcelom or Horizon. The ability to be able to leverage our commercial presence, which is direct in more than 180-plus countries, which most of these companies do not have access to that are distributor manage. Then the second one is around technologies. The portfolio that we bring together around instruments, around service is much -- is very helpful for the acquired companies. And the third one, obviously, is around technology. As these discussions and interactions happen, I think Peter gave an example around a couple of them and even with BioLegend, we've become one of our primary source of raw material supply that we want from antibodies. So I think those are the 3 elements that I would point out to. And just to give you an example, and I think Jamey or I mentioned during our prepared remarks, we are having an Innovation Summit at the BioLegend campus in a couple of weeks, where our approach is around 3 verticals or 3 pillars: cell and gene therapy, diagnostics and everything else around genomics, and what the opportunity is for us to leverage the synergies that we can see, primarily from a technology perspective. So I think we'll continue. And then hopefully, over the next couple of months, we will be able to provide more detail around that. But Patrick, hopefully, that gives you a sense of how we are looking at this.
Patrick Donnelly: No, that's definitely helpful. I appreciate it. And Jamey, in one of the responses you kind of offered to touch a little bit on the supply chain, I'll take you up on that offer. Yes, if you could just talk about what you're seeing there, any potential pressures? And then secondarily, just on the classic inflation labor question in terms of how that's impacting margins, you're passing that along to customers, would be helpful.
James Mock: Yes. Sure. I mean, we certainly see it both on the disruption side. And I would say it's a little bit easier for us for mostly air versus any kind of water travels from a shipping standpoint. From a supply chain perspective, we've been all over. The team has done an amazing job. I think there was a very minor impact to the third quarter and our backlog obviously grew substantially as well. Inflation, we started to see it. We're looking at what we're doing around price and putting some things into effect right now. But we also had some good things to do. As you might remember, we've been talking about a refreshed procurement process. So we've been able to mitigate some of this. So it's certainly there, Patrick, and we're dealing with it. But we've got a happy medium here where we've got a good size from a scale perspective company, but also we operate very -- in a very agile fashion. So team has been doing a great job managing through it. We put a little bit of buffer into the fourth quarter here, as I mentioned, it will be a non-impact for us.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mean, I would sort of reemphasize that. I really feel strongly that our size and scale gives us more speed and agility than one would imagine to be able to rapidly marshal resources around some of these challenges. And then I think the COVID has -- the COVID pandemic has taught us how to become much more agile and much more reactive to such challenges.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.
Brandon Couillard: Jamey, just a 2-part question for you. Given all the moving parts and all the acquisitions, could you just help us sort of frame how to look at gross margins and OpEx in the fourth quarter? And then secondarily, is 22% tax rate a good assumption to pencil in for next year?
James Mock: Yes. Thanks, Brandon. So gross margin specific to the fourth quarter, I would assume it comes down a little bit here, Brandon. So with COVID being $300 million in the third quarter, going down to $200 million in the fourth quarter, you'll see that come down a little bit. And then the core comes up, so we always have a bigger volume quarter in the fourth quarter. So I would expect gross margins to tick down a little bit. Tax rate for 2022, I think, is anybody's guess based on tax reform out there. So certainly, I think we guided to 21% this year versus a couple of years ago, I think we were 16% or something like that. And obviously, COVID has played a big role in that with greater income and higher tax jurisdictions. So I think our tax rate in 2022 is dependent upon 2 things: one, your view on COVID and how much revenue will be there from that because it comes typically with a higher tax rate; and two, what happens with tax reform. So today that has not been changed, but none of our assumptions have taken into account any kind of particular tax reform changes. So hopefully that helps, Brandon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Waldman with Cleveland Research.
Joshua Waldman: Just 2 for you. First, a follow-up on the non-COVID business. You obviously came in well ahead of your guide. Just wondered if you could provide more context on where all you experienced outside versus plan. Was this solely tied to kind of better-than-expected growth in non-COVID DX or did DAS also outperformed?
James Mock: No, DAS definitely outperformed as well. I would say life sciences continues to remain strong. applied markets or our analytical technology products was strong for us again. And on the DX side, I mean, really, EUROIMMUN has done extremely well and has continued to do well. But I'd just say our applied genomics business ex-COVID has continued to be quite strong. So I think that probably surpassed our expectation to have the third quarter in a row that I think we've been over 30%, 40%. So that's probably continues to hang in there. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks that, that business, our brand recognition there is probably one of the biggest benefits that we have coming out of COVID here.
Joshua Waldman: Got it. And then as we think about the longer-term guide you laid out at the analyst meeting in June, I guess, given the improved FY '21 outlook since that time, and it sounds like a higher level of expected cost synergies going forward, I mean, should we view this as positively impacting how you're thinking about the long-term targets? Or is it more just kind of a derisking of those targets?
James Mock: I think it could be both, it could be both, Josh. I mean we've continued to invest through this. And certainly, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're investing in our talent and culture. We're investing in extra R&D, particularly on the core business as a percent of sales that is far up. We're investing in digital. And all these things will be -- and we believe benefit us moving forward here. And should there be extra sales and extra income, we still feel confident in the margin expansion targets, but it also provides for an opportunity to continue to reinvest back in the business. So I think it's a bit of both its either derisk and/or we can make additional investments or you'll see some upside come through versus our long-range plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Knight with KeyBanc.
Paul Knight: On the Discovery & Analytical very strong growth, could you talk about what were the technologies, I would assume that applied due to petrochemical must be strong, but color there would be great.
James Mock: Sure. Yes. I mean, Paul, well, now life sciences makes up over 60% of DAS. So I'll start there. And in particular, our discovery business, both on a lot of the NPIs we've had in terms of our high content screening business, some of our in vivo products have been operating terrifically. On the reagent side, it's been strong across all regions. We've had a nice cadence of NPIs, different application areas in terms of oncology, and cell and gene therapy have been strong for us. So life sciences, those are a few of the areas. In the analytical and applied markets, Paul. So it's been more on the semiconductor side, I would say, chemicals and energy was pretty strong for us. And so we launched our Triple Quad. And so our ICP and ICP mass business has been extremely strong for us. But I think in general, the whole analytical technologies portfolio, we've had a better cadence of NPIs, which has been proving to benefit the DAS business. And so that's why I see continued strength there.
Paul Knight: Do you think you're gaining share on the DAS side of the business?
James Mock: I believe so in the life sciences side, on the analytical technology side, I think particularly in spectroscopy, we've always had good share. Hard to say whether we're gaining a lot of share at this point.
Operator: And I'm currently showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to hand the conference back over to Mr. Prahlad Singh for closing comments.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Norma, and thank you all for dialing in today. We are very excited and remain very excited with the trajectory on which the new PerkinElmer is embarked on and are very proud of the accomplishments that the team has achieved in the third quarter. And I'm very thankful to my 15,000 colleagues around the world for their continued hard work and contributions. I look forward to speaking to you all soon. Please stay safe and healthy. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the 2021 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Now I would now like to turn the call over to our first participant for today Mr. Steven Willoughby, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Steven Willoughby: Thank you, Henry. Good morning everyone and welcome to the PerkinElmer second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. We are speaking to you this morning from San Diego and have quite a bit to get to given today's exciting announcement. In addition to the earlier than expected release of our second quarter results. On the call with me today are; Prahlad Singh, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Jamey Mock, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Gene Lay, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of BioLegend. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, or slide presentation or BioLegend related slide presentation of press release you may find copies of them on the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note, this call is being webcast and will be archived on PerkinElmers website until August 09, 2021. Before I begin, I would like to turn to Slide 2 and remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this morning and also those in our SEC filings. Statements or comments made on this call will be forward-looking statements which may include, but not are necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the companys plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The companys actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested by any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change, so you should not rely on any of todays forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will do so promptly. I'll now turn it over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Prahlad Singh. Prahlad.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Steve. Building off our June 24 Analyst Day, today represents another milestone in the transformation of the new PerkinElmer. The addition of BioLegend expands our presence in the attractive high growth antibody and cytokine market, enhances our content development capabilities across all PerkinElmer detection technologies and transforms our E-scale - our E commerce scale overnight. Personally, I couldn't be more thrilled to work with Gene and the team going forward. And I'm excited to see the impact the combined company can have on scientific innovation.
Gene Lay: Thank you, Prahlad. We are thrilled to join the PerkinElmer team to further carry out our company mission of enabling legendary discovery from research to cure. Over the past 30 years, we have built BioLegend into a leading global innovator of reagents and consumables for the life sciences with several disruptive technology platforms, and a large diversified product portfolio, targeting a variety of categories, including cell analysis, proteogenomics, and other rapidly growing and attractive applications.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Gene. I want to formally welcome you and your team to the PerkinElmer family. And as we've discussed over the last few months, as we've gotten to know each other. I'm so excited for what this means for both companies, and what the combined business is going to be able to do together in the years to come. I'm now on Slide 4. Let me tell you some more about BioLegend. It's a world class organization, propelled by a strong team top to bottom. The company has achieved leading market positions in a number of attractive high growth end markets, such as antibody development, flow cytometry reagents, proteogenomics, magnetic cell separation, recombinant proteins, cytokines and growth factors. These represent a total addressable market of approximately $6 billion, with areas of expertise that span from upstream research and immunology, oncology, stem cell research, neuroscience and infectious disease to downstream bioprocessing. It's more than 700 employees across the US and Asia Pacific Europe serve over 10,000 customers in 130 countries. The company also has a stellar track record of new product introduction launching over 1,000 NPIs annually in both new and existing markets. Moreover, all of its revenue is recurring in nature and its world class manufacturing and distribution capabilities translate to its very attractive incremental margin profile. Finally, what you'll come to recognize is that both PerkinElmer and BioLegend share a fierce passion and commitment to focusing on the customer. BioLegend mission is helping scientists accelerate research and discovery by providing the highest quality products at an outstanding value, along with superior customer service and technical support. But more succinctly said the BioLegend team is passionate about making a mark on the world and being legendary in their own right at pushing the boundaries of biological understanding.
Jamey Mock: Thanks a lot. I echo the same sentiments. It's been great to meet Gene and the team who are here with us today, and I'm equally excited about the impact we can have on improving outcomes for all stakeholders. The addition of BioLegend further accelerates the transformation of the new PerkinElmer and it positions us to deliver even stronger financial performance, top to bottom, in the years ahead.  As we most recently told you at our investor day last month, we outline here again on Slide 7, we expect the existing PerkinElmer business to grow 5% to 7% organically per year, through 2023, and in the mid-single to high single digit range, longer term as we deliver on our strategic imperatives. Given the size and expected growth of BioLegend, combined with the revenue synergies we expect to start contributing in year one, we see the combined company growing at least 100 basis points faster annually than our previous outlook in both the near and long term. As you know, with an expected close by the end of this year, BioLegend won't start positively impacting our organic growth until 2023 when it's added to our base. And since BioLegends revenue is entirely reagents and consumables, PerkinElmer will now have around 75% of its revenue by recurring in nature, up a few 100 basis points from pre-COVID levels. Given BioLegends accretive margin profile, we now expect overall company operating margins to increase by approximately 300 basis points from current levels by 2023. We expect our previously communicated goal of 50 to 75 basis points of annual operating margin expansion to continue, with improvements in the existing PKI business to largely come with the gross margin line from our operational excellence initiatives that we highlighted at our recent analysts meeting. While we expect BioLegends rapid top line growth to provide some opportunities at the OpEx line, while continuing to reinvest heavily in R&D, as the company has throughout its history. Today, more than 50% of BioLegends business is through their e-commerce channels. We plan to leverage this with our Horizon Ansys bio platforms to further scale this ecosystem, with approximately $700 million in annualized life science research revenues. We have the opportunity to rapidly scale our go to market synergies across the portfolio.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Jamey. As you get to better know BioLegend and its entrepreneurial team, I think you will find that by joining with PerkinElmer, it is creating a true antibody and life science reagent powerhouse that will have the scale to be able to accelerate scientific advancement, and new product innovation across the company and around the world. I believe this combination positions PerkinElmer as a best-in-class preclinical life sciences franchise, that is uniquely positioned to empower our external partners to deliver truly legendary discoveries over the coming years as the power of both companies' employees and assets come together under one roof. I expect that this heightened pace of collaborative innovation combined with our broad commercial reach will lead to faster overall growth for PerkinElmer, while having an elevated margin profile with immediate significant EPS accretion. Even more importantly, BioLegend's joining forces with PerkinElmer complements the value from the other life science businesses that have joined our company over the last few years, such as Cisbio, Horizon Discovery, and very recently, Nexcelom Bioscience, and SIRION Biotech. I couldn't be more excited for where I see us going in the future. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Jamey to discuss our 2Q results and updated guidance for the remainder of the year - remainder of the year. Jamey?
Jamey Mock: Thanks Prahlad. The team performed extremely well during the second quarter with all businesses and end markets returning to growth versus 2019 levels. Our non-quarter COVID order growth again exceeded our strong non-COVID revenue growth for the third quarter in a row, while our COVID revenue came in solidly above our previous expectation, despite declining sequentially as expected. During the second quarter, adjusted revenue grew 51% compared to the last year to over $1.2 billion and included a 5% foreign exchange and a 6% acquisition tailwind. Organic revenue grew 41%, 12 percentage points better than what we previously communicated as our non-COVID revenue grew 28% organically, well above the high teens rate we were expecting. Our COVID-related products and services contributed $365 million in the quarter, solidly above our previous $325 million expectation as demand for our PCR tests and RNA extraction solutions did not fall off to the degree we previously expected, especially in the areas that have lower vaccination rates and increased presence of variants such as in parts of Europe and Southeast Asia. Our turnkey Lab-In-A-Lab testing solutions in the State of California and the United Kingdom performed in line with expectations resulting in our core COVID products generating approximately $155 million in revenue in the quarter. By business, Diagnostics representing 58% of total sales increased 59% organically, with 40% organic growth in non-COVID products. Strength in our Immunodiagnostics business lead the way, driven by COVID and non-COVID sales with EUROIMMUN's non-COVID business continuing to rebound strongly. Our Reproductive Health business was able to offset continued birth rate pressures and post double-digit growth year-over-year and mid-single-digit growth on a two-year average basis. Our Applied Genomics business saw a strong rebound in non-COVID-related demand, which doubled versus last year, offsetting expected declines in COVID-related products. Discovery and Analytical Solutions representing 42% of total sales increased 22% organically with broad-based growth across life sciences, food, and applied. From a geographic perspective, non-COVID organic growth was extremely well-balanced with all three regions growing similarly, while China also grew in the high 20% range. Operationally, it was another strong quarter of leveraging the significant revenue growth, we experienced, as adjusted operating margins expanded 535 basis points to 33.5%, driven by volume leverage, business mix and productivity programs. Adjusted earnings per share of $2.83 in the second quarter increased 81% relative to the second quarter of 2020 and was $0.48 above our guidance. Looking further into the key drivers within our segments, let's start with the Discovery & Analytical Solutions segment, which grew 22% organically versus the same period last year. By end market, we experienced well balanced double-digit growth in each segment with life sciences being up nearly 20% against a flat comp in the second quarter of 2020. This was driven by strong growth in both pharma biotech and academic government end markets. Discovery grew more than 30%, while Analytical grew more than 20% year-over-year. Late in the quarter, we also close on our acquisition of Nexcelom, and are excited to add their team and innovative cell counting technologies to our life sciences platform. Food posted strong growth in the second quarter, which was aided by fairly easy year ago comparisons. Our Meizheng food safety business in China continue to rebound, growing 60% compared to the second quarter of last year. Cannabis activity began to return and contribute to growth, and we expect this level of impact to continue to improve over the remainder of the year. Industrial and environmental safety grew in line with our overall DAS segment with balance performance from a geographic perspective with strengthen both spectroscopy and chromatography and notable demand from semiconductor customers. Turning to Diagnostics, as I mentioned earlier, our organic growth increased 59% with double-digit growth in Europe and Asia, and triple-digit growth in the Americas, due to our larger lab services business here now compared to a year ago. While COVID revenue was up year-over-year, our non-COVID diagnostic business still grew approximately 40%, compared to the second quarter of last year and posted double-digit growth on a two-year average basis.  Our immunodiagnostics franchise led the way, posting over 100% year-over-year growth for the quarter, as incremental COVID revenue was joined by nearly 50% growth in non-COVID revenue led by both EUROIMMUN and Tulip. While RT-PCR COVID demand did slow as testing has come down, COVID serology demand continues to remain consistent for the last few quarters, though down significantly from a year ago period when the initial rush of demand made its way into the market. Oxford Immunotec has also begun to see some nice COVID related demand outside of the United States first T-SPOT Discovery SARS-CoV kit, which measures T cell immune responses. Finally, shortly after the quarter ended, we closed on our acquisition of Immunodiagnostic Systems, and we can't wait to see what the collaboration that we'll have with our strong EUROIMMUN franchise, and both the near term, but maybe even more importantly, the longer-term.  In our Applied Genomics business, organic revenue grew nearly 20% overall, despite COVID related demand dropping off meaningfully as non-COVID demand doubled compared to the year ago period. The strong non-COVID growth in applied genomics was broad based, and included key contributions from newer external partnerships, and recent product introductions. We've also seen an uptick from non-COVID NGS customers who appear to be pivoting back to their former areas of focus at the pandemic moderates. From a COVID perspective, we've seen some nice wins recently in Asia, including supporting COVID testing capacity for this year's Olympics in Japan. We've also seen an uptick in next generation sequencing demand related to COVID, as additional variants continue to emerge around the world. Our reproductive health franchise grew high teens off a negative year ago comparison. While on a two-year average basis the business still grew in the mid-single digits. The growth was well balanced geographically in the quarter with all regions posting double digit growth versus the second quarter of last year. While birth rates appear to remain under pressure globally, our neonatal and prenatal businesses still posted solid growth due to continued geographic and menu expansions while our lab businesses grew strongly in Asia several new product introduction introductions, such as the Superflex which is being used for preeclampsia screening is continuing to help offset birth rate related pressures. Moving to below the line items, adjusted net interest and other expense for the second quarter was approximately $15 million, while our adjusted tax rate was 20%. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the quarter with approximately $2.4 billion of debt and $600 million of cash. Adjusted free cash flow was $267 million in the quarter, which equates to an adjusted free cash flow conversion rate of 84%, including a large payment that we received a few days after later than expected during the first week of the third quarter, our free cash flow conversion would have been, again, over 100% of adjusted net income.  Finally, we exited the quarter with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of approximately 0.9 times even with the first quarter of 2021. As it relates to guidance, we now anticipate full year 2021 adjusted revenue of $4.57 billion. This guidance assumes COVID revenues of approximately $1.14 billion compared to our prior guidance of $1.10 billion and the $1.05 billion we did last year. This update accounts for the 2Q outperformance while leaving our second half COVID expectations unchanged.  We expect our non-COVID revenue to continue to remain strong over the remainder of the year that we will not be facing quite as easy year ago comparisons as we did this quarter. This translates into us now expecting non-COVID organic growth of 15% for the year, up from our 11% previous outlook. These assumptions do not account for any incremental lockdowns and/or any COVID related disruptions.  Additionally, we are anticipating as 6% benefit from acquisitions, now that both NexION and IDs have closed and a 3% benefit from foreign exchange for the full year. We are not taking into account the Syrian acquisition, which is now expected to close at the end of August nor anything related to BioLegend. On the bottom line, we are now expecting adjusted earnings per share of $9.88, which assumes approximately $58 million in adjusted interest and other expense, a tax rate of 21% and an average diluted share count in the range of 112 million to 113 million shares. For the third quarter, we are forecasting adjusted revenue of approximately $1 billion, representing a minus 5% year over year decline and our total company organic growth due to the expected year over year declines in COVID revenue and a 7% and 2% contribution from acquisitions and foreign exchange respectively. Embedded in this guidance is $165 million of COVID related revenue compared to $288 million a year ago and organic growth of 12% in our non-COVID product lines. In terms of adjusted earnings per share for the third quarter we are forecasting $1.62 which assumes approximately $16 million of interest in other expenses, a 21% tax rate and a diluted share count of 112 million 113 million shares. All of this guidance is detailed in this second to last page of today's presentation.  In closing, the business continues to perform extremely well so far in 2021. With the foundational pillars, we highlighted at our recent analyst day, and now the exciting addition of BioLegend, I feel we are extremely well-positioned for what lies ahead from a customer, and scientific innovation perspective, the opportunities this company has to offer its employees, and the strong financial profile we have for our shareholders. This perspective is purely reflection of the tremendous efforts of my 14,000, soon to be more than 15,000 colleagues around the globe that have helped build a company into what it is today and have laid the foundation for more significant growth in the future. I'd like to now turn it back over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator:  Your first question comes from the line of Catherine Schulte of Baird. Your line is now open.
Catherine Schulte: Congrats on the quarter and the deal, and thanks for taking the questions. I guess, first just on BioLegend, can you just highlight some of the areas of those revenue synergies, how much of this is increasing penetration in existing markets using your global footprint versus pushing its portfolio into new applications, like, diagnostics and food safety versus some of the other areas you highlighted like e-commerce?
Jamey Mock: Yes. Thanks, Catherine. So right now I think the primary driver is to expand the global reach. So you saw on the pages that BioLegend is currently concentrated roughly 55% in the U.S., our life sciences reagents business is more like 40% to 45%. So I think we can expand globally with our more than 500 sales and service folks across the globe. So that's the primary driver. And then we have many different opportunities with Cisbio, with NexION, with Horizon, with the diagnostic side. So we think that $100 million is very achievable, we discuss with the team over the last few days and months, I should say that we believe that it could be much more than that. But I think right now the primary driver that we're banking on is geographic region.
Catherine Schulte: And then maybe on your core performance, I think beat by about $16 million versus your second quarter guide, back half calls for about another $50 million upside versus the prior guidance in your core. Can you just talk through some of the main drivers of that out performance in the non-COVID business versus your prior guide book in the second quarter, and then the delta versus what you're expecting in the back half?
Jamey Mock: Yes, I mean, it's a good question, Catherine, it's actually very difficult to pinpoint because it is extremely broad based, I mentioned that every geography across the globe is up almost equivalently, every end market is up, it's almost difficult to find a spot that we are concerned about. So, it's really - everything we have, I can't really highlight one for you, like science is a strong, applied is kicking back in, food is strong, reproductive health is doing extremely well, immunodiagnostics I mentioned EUROIMMUN being up strong double digits. And everybody is above the 2019 levels and many of these markets are now on an average two-year stack comparison, at least mid-single digit, if not double digit growth comparing the 2019. So life science as an example is up 10% on average over the last few years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Schenkel of Cowen. Your line is now open.
Doug Schenkel: I'm going to start by building off of Catherines first question on synergies, but take a slightly different angle. It seems like there's a lot of synergies or at least some synergies to be had between BioLegend and some of the recently closed and pending acquisitions. I'm just wondering, if I'm thinking about these, right, and if so, with a more well-rounded portfolio, how you're feeling about what you have now in this category to essentially compete on level footing with some of the incumbents and essentially how much that plays into your overall synergy targets or potential for upside?
Prahlad Singh: Its great question, Doug. As you pointed out, historically, while we've had a strong portfolio of M&R assays to support drug discovery for both small molecule and biological approaches. Our recent acquisitions they were aimed to broaden our offering along the whole workflow from basic research and target identification, all the way to manufacturing and QC, with a special focus around growth areas such as cell and gene therapy that I've pointed out earlier. The combined position, positions as much better to deliver solutions. For example, to offer engineered cell lines with matched downstream - or specific QC production cell lines. To give you a few examples, for example with Horizon, BioLegend could use the engineered cell lines for reagent validation. And there are many tools that are complementary with BioLegend's content development efforts around antibodies, model systems et cetera. Similarly, on Cisbio, the HTRF and  ELISA assays. They are very synergistic and - we could go on down with Bioo Scientific, or Nexcelom. The opportunities are there for each of these businesses and once we start connecting the dots, we are able to bring total solutions into the marketplace and that is why this is a really exciting opportunity for us.
Doug Schenkel: That super helpful, Prahlad. Thank you for that. Jamie, any chance - well - let me frame it this way, you gave us a 2023 revenue target for BioLegend. Any chance you would share any metrics that could help us get to how we should be thinking about 2021 and 2022? I know the deals not expected to close until the end of this year, and wouldn't be considered an organic next year. But it I think it'd be helpful for us frame investment kind of just layering it into our models. Anything you can share there?
Jamey Mock: Yes. So the number that was on the page Doug is a 2022 number that $380 million just to clarify that.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Sorry about that.
Jamey Mock: And the BioLegend has been around for 20 years. 20th - the 20th year I think will be next year. So, they've been growing consistently 20% plus over time, and I think that tries to help you kind of think about what they've been able to achieve historically. And then we've put in at least mid-teens plus is what we said and that's before synergies back to Prahlads point there's, I talked about geographic reach, Prahlad talked about all the complimentary nature of all of our acquisitions. I mean, the antibodies are used in everything we do all the life sciences, reagents everything and diagnostics, and our teams to the extent that we could, started to understand the technology that PerkinElmer has and BioLegend has that number from a synergy standpoint, it's more difficult to predict. The geographic reach is easier to quantify. So I think there should be upside to this $100 million. But with the teams need to understand the products a little bit more. But the $380 million is 2022 and they've been historically growing 20% plus over the last five years even during COVID we grew, 4%, 5%.
Doug Schenkel: And last one, recognizing, yes, this is an exciting and also the biggest deal Perkins ever done. And then, separate from that, you've been quite busy on the strategic pursuits all year, should we be thinking that at this point M&A is going to be limited to maybe smaller tuck-ins, at least for the foreseeable future, keeping in mind, what you're doing with this deal and then just, thinking about operational readiness as well.
Prahlad Singh: That's a fair point, Doug. I mean, I will say that today as we sit here in San Diego, our focus is on talking about the opportunities that the combined company brings to us. But I think it's fair to say that, over the next several months, our focus will be on ensuring that this is a seamless combination and transformation of the company, as we focus on creating a $700 million life sciences reagent franchise.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar of Evercore. Your line is now open.
Vijay Kumar: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the transaction. Prahlad, maybe one for you. What is - when you look at BioLegend, what is the key differentiation here? What gives you the confidence in this mid-teens revenue outlook? Does that mid-teens revenue outlook include the $100 million of revenue synergies?
Prahlad Singh: I think, I would put it in a succinct manner, Vijay, that once you focus on the science piece, it's the cost, its the quality and it's the service. Those are the three words that define BioLegend. And we've talked to customers throughout our due diligence process globally. And those three things are the shining light of the company. And that is what really excited us to the opportunity and I think that is the growth trajectory that the combined company is going to focus on.
Vijay Kumar: And, sorry, the mid-teens revenue CAGR, Prahlad, does that include the $100 million of revenue synergies?
Prahlad Singh: No, that is ex - the mid-teens plus excludes the synergies, Vijay.
Vijay Kumar: That's extremely helpful. Jamey, one for you, I think the LRP update, margins going up from 22 to close to 26, it implies margins for this asset, BioLegend, somewhere close to a 50%. Does that math seem right here? And if that's right, then the $0.30 accretion and $0.50 in year two seems a tad low. Maybe just talk about the assumptions behind this accretion in ROI numbers.
Jamey Mock: Yes, Vijay, that math is accurate, so they're in the - we're in the 50% kind of EBITDA range. So operating profit might be a touch lower than that, but from an EBITDA perspective, it's in the 50% range. And I think that math should hold when you look at $0.30 accretion in 2022. And then we said greater than $0.50 accretion in 2023. So we'll see what kind of room for upside there is there, but that's what we're establishing right now as guidance.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. And just, one last one, I think you mentioned NGS demand was high, given COVID surveillance, any way to quantify what the step up was? Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Well, I mean, in general, our applied genomics business was down from a COVID standpoint, because we put up so many instruments last year, and obviously NGS surveillance is meaningful, but relatively small compared to broad base PCR testing and extraction, so significant for the applied genomics business, but not overall meaningful to the entire COVID revenue perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Leonard of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. So my first question 4on BioLegend and maybe this is one for Gene, if he's still on but for Prahlad and Jamey, I'm sure you can speak to it too. What do you think, I'm sure a number of companies were interested in BioLegend, when it was time for the company to sell, what do you think made PerkinElmer, a uniquely attractive place for Gene and his team to park the company?
Gene Lay: Hi, Dan. Thank you for the question. I believe that joining PerkinElmer family because of their infrastructure and instrumentation will be led - Ill let you - very concurrent will be able to leverage this infrastructure and instrumentation for the further down to expand in price to different applications. That's my great view for the future.
Dan Leonard: Thanks, Gene. And then just a clean-up question here on bridging to the new guide. I realize you didn't change your COVID expectation in the second half of the year from prior but I do think the back-to-school testing, when you had earlier was incremental since your last guide, so can you talk about, maybe it is that upside to the guide, is there any back-to-school testing for COVID in your - your new view?
Prahlad Singh: There's a nominal amount in our second half guide Dan, so that program is difficult to predict just how large it'll be, the team is doing a great job getting it set up and I think we received our first few samples, not from a back-to-school perspective but don't forget it also takes into account congregate settings as well. So I think predicting the September through December and truly the contract goes through the end of November, how much back-to-school testing that will be is difficult, so we put in a nominal amount and I think it just continues to give us confidence in the second half COVID guide that if you look at the first half, we've continued to outperform and thought that it was prudent to just kind of keep that number right now.
Operator: Next question comes from Derik de Bruin from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Prahlad Singh: Derik, are you muted. Operator, why dont we go to the next
Derik de Bruin: Sorry, mute - I am sorry, my mute button was on. Sorry about that. Hey, a couple of questions on the first one on the guide for - on the guide for the third quarter. Adjusted EPS of the $1.62, the Street was around $1.71 and that's sort of where we were at. And the COVID number is actually a little bit higher in the third quarter in terms of regarding in terms of modeling. I'm just curious, are there any incremental expenses or cost communist, I'm just sort of curious about the margin outlook for the back half of the year.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. So we continued to invest heavily in R&D, in particular. So we do anticipate that it continues to ramp here Derik, as well as, as you look at the second half. I think in total, I looked at the 3Q, 4Q splits, I think in total, they're pretty much accurate. The only other thing that's coming down a little bit, we've got a little bit of extra growth, we've got a little bit of pressure on our COVID margins that we're assuming gears. And otherwise, I think we're pretty much in line with the second half.
Derik de Bruin: Okay. And on BioLegend, are you comfortable with the 2022 consensus members as we sort of think about accretion? And where we should go? I just - sort of looking at where our consensus expectations are right now?
Jamey Mock: I appreciate the question Derik, but I don't think we're going to get into 2022 guidance at this point.
Derik de Bruin: I got to try.
Jamey Mock: I know, its a good one.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Sykes of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Matt Sykes: Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the deal everybody. I just wanted to get a little bit better idea on BioLegend, you had mentioned that the San Diego facility seems to be relatively new, but can just give an idea in terms of need for additional capacity investments in the future? It sounds like there likely won't be a need, but if you maybe layer in some of your existing manufacturing into that facility if that's even possible? Will it have to create additional investment or you feel like you're pretty well set up from a capacity standpoint with BioLegend what you're bringing on today?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, thanks for that. I'll start and then the teams here with me - so, feel free to chime in as well. But it's a beautiful facility. I think it's one year, two years old. So, - and it's got four significant buildings here, I'd say there's ample room for capacity growth for many years to come. So, - right and I don't think there's a lot of investment required, so every year there might be a little bit of CapEx, but I don't think it's substantial in the grand scheme of the overall investment strategy for the company. So, long story short, beautiful facility, tremendous distribution capabilities, tremendous technology capabilities, and a lot of room to expand even within the existing footprint.
Matt Sykes: Great. And just quickly on free cash flow, you mentioned that you're going to start to de-lever to get back to - to get - make sure that you're within investment-grade. But as the COVID revenue comes down, that cash flow goes away. Do you think a large portion of free cash will be committed to de-levering? Are you still going to be somewhat opportunistic as we head into 2022?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, I think a large portion of the free cash flow is going to go to de-levering, for sure. So, I think we're in a great spot right now. I think we're still generating a significant amount of cash, over 100% of our net income. So, as we look at - as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we think we can de-lever within 18 to 24 months. I think any acquisitions would be very material in the grand scheme of things and will knock us off our de-levering path here.
Operator: Next question comes from Josh Waldman of Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Josh Waldman: Just one on China and then one on BioLegend. I guess, first on China, I wondered if you could talk to how that region performed versus expectations in the quarter? And maybe provide a bit more color on kind of trends you're seeing there within kind of the non-COVID business? And then as you look forward to the second half, any change in your outlook there?
Jamey Mock: Yes, China, as I mentioned my prepared remarks, grew in the high 20% range and probably a little bit better than our expectations. If you remember the sequencing of last year, Josh, the first quarter was the worst for China, second quarter got better, I think we reported at the time we were down mid-teens. So, being up high 20s out of mid comp kind of gives you high single-digit average two-year stack growth here, and I think it's performing across the board. So life science is never really dipped down. Life sciences was strong, during all 2020 remain strong. Food was a little bit more challenged, so food, its nice to see I mentioned in my prepared remarks Meizheng coming back quite nicely. The Analytical business is coming back. Reproductive health also, the utilization started to uptick last year, but we're coming off a little bit of an easier comp from a birth rate and testing perspective. So, really all facets of the business are performing nicely. EUROIMMUN is doing extremely well. So I mentioned EUROIMMUN being up strong double-digits and much of that was led by China. So overall, probably a little bit better than we expected, and as you look to the second half, I don't think we see that slowing down at this point. 
Josh Waldman: Then on BioLegend, just wondering if you could provide more color on the revenue synergy opportunities you see. I guess, are there examples where you see the combined organization expanding share at current key accounts? Or is it more of an expansion, I guess, either geographically or it's a new accounts story? And then also I believe the company was selling through many of the major channels, is there opportunity to pull some of that business direct? 
Prahlad Singh: I think it's a combination of all three of what you mentioned Josh, obviously, there's a global reach and stronger exposure in an EU and APAC at the same time. They have a strong penetration in the academic marketplace, where we've been a little bit under index and that's where it could help us on one side. And we can provide better cross-selling opportunities in pharma. So I think from a geographic perspective, there are opportunities on both sides and there are some markets where we could help both sides. And Jamey talked earlier on the channel piece and I talked about the technology piece, so I don't know if there's anything else. 
Jamey Mock: No. I think its fair. Yes.
Operator: Next question comes from Dan Arias of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Daniel Macek: This is Daniel Macek on for today. Thanks for taking the questions. So first, realize you probably don't want to get too far ahead of yourselves here, but I'm wondering if outlook or at least maybe the internal conversation for durable COVID revenues and out years has changed at all. I know you said $100 million, obviously, what that would imply a steep drop in 2022, I would assume expectations are more gradual there, just thinking about in the context of, well, peers are bringing down COVID testing numbers, but layering in things like back-to-school testing emerging variants, and then obviously the potential for this thing to pick back up seasonally just wondering if you have any thoughts there?
Jamey Mock: Yes. Ill start by reiterating kind of what we said at Investor and Analyst Day, which is to say that the original $100 million that we put forward had nothing to do with actual testing, it had everything to do with the utilization of the strong installed base that we put out there. So certainly, are we're becoming increasingly confident that there's going to be some amount of testing that's here for the foreseeable future. I think we're already starting to see that in the third quarter - early part of the third quarter. I think some of our serology testing, PCR testings, antigen even is starting to go make a little bit of a inroads there, variant testing T cells. So Id say we're more confident leading into 2022 that they're $100 million of durable COVID revenue is safe, both from utilization standpoint, but then I think testing will remain around for a while here and should provide upside to that number.
Daniel Macek: All right. That's very helpful, thanks. And then just kind of pivoting here to Oxford. I think that most of BioLegend stuff - got finished, so I just wanted to know how implementation has been there and what type of growth rate you're seeing and then expecting from that business?
Jamey Mock: Should have been doing great, great collaboration and progress on all of the value drivers that we had. In terms of first half, strong organic growth obviously off of a fairly easy comparison, but you know in line are ahead of our deal model at this point. If you look at the value drivers from an automation perspective there's been a lot of progress in liquid handling and cell isolation and maybe even looking at cell counting moving forward here, as well as utilization of some of our labs. From a commercial perspective, I think we've helped each other win in certain markets, some of the emerging markets of Brazil, some parts of the Middle East and across the globe we've won some nice tenders, so exciting there and it's a phenomenal team, extremely well driven business. I think they're excited about the synergy and the pace with PerkinElmer and even more confident in the potential ahead. 
Operator: Next question comes from Jack Meehan of Nephron. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: I had a couple of follow ups on BioLegends. First, can you give some color what's their geographic mix of revenues today? And then second for Jamey, can you help bridge us on the $0.30 of initial creation, just what's their margin profile look like today? I was getting over 50% and any thoughts on financing expense and any tax benefits you might get?
Jamey Mock: Yes. So first, on the geographic split. I forget what page summarizes being covered, so it's a page 4 of the deck we sent out Jack, so you can see 55% North America, 25% European and Rest of the World and 20% Asia Pacific. In terms of margins, I will repeat what I said to the prior question that, yes, on an EBITDA basis the overall margins are in the 50%-ish range, adjusted operating profit is probably close to that, you know, call it mid-40s. So I think overall that kind of bridges. And then your question around financing and tax is that what you said Jack, yes can you just clarify? 
Jack Meehan: Yes.
Jamey Mock: So yes. So from a financing perspective, you know, primarily we're super excited that the team was willing to take 40% equity, I think it shows their commitment to the company, their excitement for the company, their excitement for what the combined entity can do, so that's that takes care of 2.2 billion or roughly 40% of the overall consideration when you factor in their cash as well. We have a bridge fully committed at this point. So, we're fine from a financing perspective, we don't anticipate using that, I think in advance that we will take out permanent debt. I think it'll be relatively low cost, at this point and we're pretty excited about that which provides a good amount of VPS accretion at this point.  And then from a tax rate perspective based in the State of California, so a little bit higher state tax, but overall, that's already embedded into everything that I've given to you. the last thing I say is that, the rating agencies have, you know, we've reached them and they should be out today, but we fully expect to remain investment credit rating here at this point. 
Jack Meehan: And then when we get a little bit more color on DAS in the quarter. So that came in stronger than expected for us. I was just curious, as you're looking at the third quarter in the back half of the year, how do you expect that to trend and relative to what you might have been thinking for 2Q, what areas showed the most upside?
Jamey Mock: Yes. So, if you look at last year, first as the comparison, the second quarter was the easiest comparison and DAS got, I think it was down low single digits in the third and fourth quarter here, so from a comparables perspective that will naturally, but from a growth perspective I think it's continued to be extremely strong. So life sciences now makes up over 60% of the DAS business. There is no reason to believe that DAS slows down, maybe from a comp perspective, it gets a little bit more difficult, but overall, I mentioned cannabis is starting to sell again so that's encouraging, the imaging business and food quality - food safety is growing nicely. Our applied business, I think that's been a testimony to the MPIs, the organic investment we've made. So I mentioned the semiconductor business and our NexION 5000, which is extremely sensitive, is terrific for smaller wafers and fabs. Our new IR product is going well. So I think if you remember and step back for the applied markets value creation story is much more of an organic investment belief. And we've been investing in R&D, we've been up ticking the R&D, and I think that cadence of new product introduction is encouraging and so we expect that to continue to perform well in the second half year.
Operator: Next question comes from Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tycho Peterson: Just a couple of cleanups on BioLegend, the C&E FDC risk here, vertical integration that you're developing your own antibodies, and then putting them in your own tests, actually the FDC has been scrutinizing a lot of health care deals lately?
Prahlad Singh: Tycho, we don't expect any issues on that front.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then was there any COVID bumps in their revenues over the past year, or if we think about next year that $380 million, how much of that might be tied to COVID?
Jamey Mock: None.
Prahlad Singh: None.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then, I know we've talked to them before, they talked about this partnership model it's not a typical past supply agreement they generally have with customers, can you maybe just talk about the economics of co-development that they generally have with customers, and anything in the pipeline that jumped out to you, I think they're developing an in-situ product that they apply to us in the past?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, we have Craig Monell here who's the Head of Product Strategy & Commercial Operations here, take over.
Craig Monell: Yes, and thanks for the question. So with regard to our partnership model, we do sell a large fraction of our product directly, straight from our catalog. But we engage in a good amount of custom business as well. So these are largely pharma, CROs and such who will approach us oftentimes after using something from our catalog and ask for tweaks, maybe a custom cocktail to do amino profiling together in a immunotherapeutic trial. And so we'll go ahead and put those together and sell those, and these are products that will be available over, maybe a two year time period or whatever. So we continue to do that aggressively. There is no reason to think that we would need to change any of that, I think if anything the combination with PerkinElmer allows us to maybe look at providing a greater form of solution across a lot of the installed instrument bases and even maybe some new ones that we can put together.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then on the pipeline?
Craig Monell: So on the pipeline, we have a very robust pipeline, we release over 1,000 products each year. Those are relevant both to the academic marketplace as well as our industrial partners. A lot of things related to new recombinant proteins, continued antibodies, floors, as well as assay kits. These will synergize very greatly with some of the - some of the platforms both chemistry platforms like Cisbio, as well as all the instrument platforms.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then maybe last one for Prahlad. I know, it sounds like M&A, maybe on pause here for a little bit after this deal. But can you talk to your ability on the integration side you've got a lot on your plate with Horizon, Oxford, SIRION, Cisbio, Nexcelom and now BioLegend. Can you just maybe talk to your bandwidth and how you're thinking about integration here?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Sure. Great question, Tycho, I mean as I've shared with you before what we've tried - we've done at the beginning of the year or early - on the latter part of last year. We have put together what we call as an integration transformation office. And if you actually look through the flow of how the acquisitions have come in into PerkinElmer and the way we've sort of sequence them. They go into different business area, or different portfolios or different end markets. So we've had a very diligent and a deliberate sequence of the acquisitions. And I think, you're right at the going - you're right in the fact that going forward you will probably hit the pause button for some time till we fully integrate this and have a seamless transition of all of these into the PerkinElmer family.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the question-and-answer session. Now I'm going to turn the call back to Mr. Prahlad Singh for some closing remarks. Sir, please go ahead.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you all for joining us this morning. We are more excited about the future of PerkinElmer now than ever before. I also want to take the opportunity to welcome the BioLegend team to the PerkinElmer family. I look forward to speaking to all of you soon. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. And you may now hang up.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Q1 2021 PerkinElmer earnings conference call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. . I will now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Bryan Kipp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Bryan Kipp: Thank you operator. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. With me on the call today are Prahlad Singh, President and Chief Executive Officer and Jamey Mock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note, this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until May 18, 2021. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the safe harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Statements or comments made on this call may be forward-looking statements, which may include, but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested by any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, which are disclosed in detail in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views as only of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any other date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I am now pleased to introduce the President and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Prahlad Singh. Prahlad?
Prahlad Singh: Thank you Bryan and good afternoon everyone. I would like to begin by welcoming Steve Willoughby as our new Vice President of Investor Relations. We are excited to have him join the team. He brings a wealth of industrial knowledge, deep research and analyst experience. And as many of you know, Steve's industry surveys always seem to have a real-time finger on the pulse of market trends. We are looking forward to his insights and expertise as we continue to grow and transform PerkinElmer into a veteran class life sciences and diagnostics organization.
Jamey Mock: Thanks a lot and good evening everyone. To start, I echo Prahlad in welcoming Steve Willoughby as our new Vice President of Investor Relations. Steve has been a terrific research analyst over the past decade-plus. But more importantly, he is a great person and I thoroughly enjoyed getting to know him over the last two years. I have no doubt that he will be an invaluable addition to the PerkinElmer family. Before turning to the financial results, I want to remind everyone that our first quarter earnings call presentation has been posted on the Investors section of our website under Financial Information. I will begin my prepared remarks by highlighting the first quarter. Then I will provide some additional color on our served end markets and financial metrics. And I will end with our second quarter and updated full year 2021 guidance. At a high-level, the team executed extremely well during the first quarter. As Prahlad mentioned, we are seeing signs of normalization in our core markets. Non-COVID product's core growth exceeded reported revenue growth for the second quarter in a row and service level activity continued to improve on a sequential basis. And as we look ahead, we are even more confident that we will be a faster growing company in a post-COVID world. During the first quarter, adjusted revenue grew 101% compared to last year to $1.3 billion and included a 3% foreign exchange and a 5% acquisition tailwind. Organic revenue grew 92%, two percentage points better than what we previously communicated. Overall, COVID related products and services contributed $550 million in the quarter, propelled primarily by our PCR tests and RNA extraction solutions, as well as our turnkey Lab-In-A-Lab testing solutions in the state of California and the United Kingdom. In total, excluding the impact of our labs, our COVID solutions contributed approximately $250 million during the quarter. By business, diagnostics representing 65% of total sales increased 227% organically. Strength in our immunodiagnostics and applied genomics businesses lead the way and our reproductive health franchise returned to growth for the first time since the fourth quarter of 2019. Discovery and analytical solutions representing 35% of total sales increased 6% organically, led by broad-based growth across life sciences, food and applied. You will recall that during the first quarter of 2020, we benefited from an extra week. We estimate that the revenue impact of the extra week was approximately $11 million with the vast majority of it benefiting the DAS business. Normalizing for the extra week, DAS grew 9% on a core basis year-over-year. On a geographic basis, Americas and Europe grew triple digits. Asia-Pacific grew strong double digits. China grew over 50% year-over-year. Operationally, we are extremely pleased with our performance. Adjusted operating margins expanded approximately 2,600 basis points to 41%, led by volume leverage, business mix and productivity programs. Adjusted earnings per share of $3.72 in the first quarter increased 455% relative to the first quarter of 2020. Looking further into the key drivers within our segments, let's start with our diagnostics business. As mentioned in my earlier remarks, organic revenue increased 227% with all three major geographic regions growing triple digits. Our immunodiagnostic franchise led the way posting 420% growth with the non-COVID portfolio increasing over 20%, led by EUROIMMUN and Tulip. Demand for our portfolio of RT-PCR COVID assays remained strong and serology demand remained consistent with the past two quarters. Meanwhile, our applied genomics business grew 330% on broad-based momentum across all geographies with strength in our nucleic acid extraction, liquid handling and sample test prep product lines. Automated liquid handling and nucleic acid extraction grew over 10 times and 9 times respectively versus the first quarter of 2020. And despite ongoing concerns around the impending centralization of testing, we experience a mid teens sequential growth in our automated liquid handling solutions led by our molecular franchise. Customers continued to invest in expanded testing capabilities during the first quarter and the JANUS brand continues to take market share. Reproductive health increased high single digits organically, driven by a rebound in clinical immunoassay and next generation sequencing testing demand. Birthrate trends have yet to inflect, however the easier comparisons limited the headwind on the overall reproductive health franchise. Excluding the clinical lab and sequencing businesses, the reproductive health business was flat year-over-year. Turning to discovery and analytical solutions. Organic revenue increased 6% in the first quarter versus the same period last year. By end market, we experienced low single digit organic revenue growth in life science. Pharma biotech was up low single digits. Excluding the extra week headwind, pharma biotech would have been up high single digits. Discovery and informatics grew mid teens and high single digits respectively. Enterprise declined high single digits, adversely impacted by the extra week and our effort to improve the margin mix of this franchise. The academic and government end market was a bit noisy this quarter. U.S. and European customers have yet to fully normalize and APAC moderated sequentially. Overall, academic and government declined low single digits. Food increased high single digits led by demand in Europe and Asia Pacific. Food safety led the way with approximately 30% growth despite a tough double digit comparison year-over-year. Our Meizheng business in China rebounded extremely well, growing over 70% compared to the first quarter of 2020. Applied market demand continued to improve as well, growing low double digits during the first quarter. Asia-Pacific led the way with over 20% growth. Breaking down applied further, the environmental safety end market rebounded nicely with approximately 30% growth, driven by European and Asia-Pacific demand while industrial continued on its recovery trajectory increasing high single digits. Shifting to below the line items. Adjusted net interest and other expense for the first quarter was approximately $12 million and our adjusted tax rate was 21%. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the quarter with approximately $2.6 billion of debt and nearly $1 billion of cash. Adjusted free cash flow was $479 million in the quarter which resulted in an adjusted free cash flow conversion rate of 114%. Finally, we exited the quarter with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of approximately 0.9 times, down over a quarter of a turn compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. Turning to guidance. We now anticipate full year 2021 revenue of $4.37 billion. Embedded in this guidance, we assume COVID revenues increase 5% year-over-year compared to our prior guide of at least flat. And we expect a continuation of the non-COVID momentum we saw in the first quarter translating to a full year non-COVID organic growth of 11%. These assumptions do not account for any incremental lockdowns and/or any COVID-related disruptions. Additionally, we are anticipating a 4% benefit from acquisitions and a 2% benefit from foreign exchange for the full year. And on the bottomline, we anticipate adjusted earnings per share of $9.40 which assumes approximately $60 million in adjusted interest and other expense, a tax rate of 20% and our average diluted share count to be in the range of 112 to 113 million shares. For the second quarter, we are forecasting adjusted revenue of approximately $1.11 billion representing 29% organic revenue growth, including 5% from acquisitions and 4% benefit from foreign exchange. Embedded in the guidance is $325 million of COVID-related revenue and organic growth of high teens for our non-COVID product lines. In terms of adjusted earnings per share guidance for the second quarter, we are forecasting $2.35, which assumes approximately $16 million of interest and other expenses, a 21% tax rate and a diluted share count of 112 to 113 million shares. All of this is detailed in the second to last page of our first quarter earnings presentation. In closing, we delivered a very strong start to 2021. I have no doubt, we are better positioned as an organization to drive more consistent and faster topline growth and improve shareholder returns compared to where we were a year ago. We remain extremely excited for what is ahead for PerkinElmer I could not be prouder of our team and the effort that they have put in over the past year-plus to get us to this point. Operator, at this time, we would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: . Our first question comes from Dan Leonard from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. So looking at the Q1 outperformance, are you able to assess how much is in elevated or greater elevated level of demand, the durable versus maybe pent-up demand?
Prahlad Singh: I think, you know, Dan, we are seeing strong comeback from all the markets and across the board. I don't think it's as much pent-up demand as the markets just coming back and it's coming back strong. And we have seen this across all regions. So I wouldn't categorize this as pent-up demand.
Dan Leonard: Okay. Thank you. And my follow up, Prahlad, as COVID testing demand starts to fade, does that impact your M&A funnel at all? Are prices of any interesting assets getting more reasonable? Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: I would say that again, Dan, just to remind, right, if you look back at our track record, most of the deals that we have done have been opportunities where we spent a lot of time. They tend to be more strategic and more partnerships resulting into acquisitions. So we are not clearly in the auction space. So it hasn't impacted that much either on the upside. But I think, I would say generically, if you look at it, the market is still ready hot and companies still that have a COVID tailwind are demanding a premium.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore. Your line is now open.
Vijay Kumar: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. And congrats on a good print here. Jamey or Prahlad, maybe on the guidance here. You guys did 10% of the base off of a minus 3% comp. I guess the back half implied is about high singles, right, to get to your annual of 11%. Now that we have to Q1 out of the way, 2Q of high teens,. I think implied back half is high singles. One, is my math correct? And if it is correct, then I think your back half comps are pretty easy, down with singles, so was there any timing element from first half to second half? Or is this perhaps some conservatism baked into second half?
Jamey Mock: Yes. Thanks Vijay. So your math is correct, to answer your first question. And it is assuming high single digits in the second half. I don't think there's anything to read into here. As Prahlad mentioned and I mentioned in my prepared remarks that orders are strong, they continue to be strong. The high single digits versus a little bit of an easier comparison in the second half, not much to read into there. It's just a little further out. So we are probably a little bit more conservative in the second half. But overall, still feel very confident in the 11%-plus here.
Vijay Kumar: Got it. That's helpful. Prahlad, one for you, on the COVID testing side. There has been a lot of nervousness around how the environment around testing could change quite rapidly. Maybe talk about the visibility that you have in the 2Q code assumption? And does your annual guide bake in any upside from antigen revenues or perhaps any OUS tenders, if you will?
Prahlad Singh: So Vijay, thank you for the question. one, none of the antigen upside has been baked into our revenue. We feel really good about our COVID numbers. And as Jamey has pointed out earlier, our basis is based on the fact that we have a number of EUAs asymptomatic pooling was the one that I talked about in the script. And as opportunities open up around schools and testing with pooling, that is an avenue that's there. The pigeon testing is an avenue that's open there. So actually from where we sit today, we feel really good about the number. And that's why we have stood by it.
Vijay Kumar: Fantastic. Thanks guys.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Thanks Vijay.
Operator: And thank you. And our next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen. Your line is now open.
Chris LoBianco: Hi. This is Chris, on for Doug today. Thanks for taking my questions. Jamey, sorry to belabor the point, but I think the Q2 organic revenue growth guidance implies a two year stacked growth rate of 2% which has turned a bit slower than what you just delivered in Q1. Now I would imagine underlying demand is improving Q2. So could you just comment on this dynamic?
Jamey Mock: No. I think that's there. Hi Chris. How are you doing? I think as we just come into the quarter here, like I said, I think we feel confident in the high teens guide here. It is a little lower on a stack comparison. Again, nothing to read into that. I would say that we are confident in the guidance we are giving and continue to see a good outlook here.
Chris LoBianco: Okay. Great. And then for my follow up question, again, for you, Jamey. Could you just unpack the free cash flow performance a bit more? The free cash flow conversion rate was very strong. I am curious how much of that was due to maybe one-time dynamics versus benefits you are getting from just all the work you put in improving free cash flow? Thanks.
Jamey Mock: Yes. I think it's probably both, Chris. As you mentioned, we have been, really over the last two or three years, put a lot of incentives, a lot of processes into place to fundamentally change our free cash flow. That said, the first quarter is normally one of the weakest. So there's a lot going on in this particular quarter. I would say, we have had a lot of prior year accruals in this quarter. But the benefit that we are getting is, you can see in the receivables line,, we got about $170 million free cash flow benefit there, even when sales were, from a sequential standpoint, relatively flat. So we did collect on a lot of the past dues that were in the fourth quarter and our DSO has improved substantially. But in terms of going forward, I mean we remain very confident in the processes we put in place and the fact that will be above 85% moving forward, perhaps this year is going to be a little bit better. But there's a little bit from a couple of customers that we collected on. But overall, I think we have got fundamental improvements in place here.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Derik De Bruin from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Mike Ryskin: Hi Thanks guys. Thanks for taking the question. This is Mike, on for Derek. A quick question for you, Prahlad. You mentioned India in your prepared remarks. And obviously, tragic situation that's going on there in recent weeks and months. But I was wondering if you can go into a little bit more detail on that? You obviously have a relatively large exposure there because of EUROIMMUN and Tulip and just the legacy business. Are you seeing anything in terms of the impact on operations? Are you seeing, is it backing into your outlook for the rest of the year? just sort of what's the latest on that?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I can say that it's factored into the outlook for the second quarter. We don't know how the situation and hopefully it improves in the second half, Michael. And I think you know, so far given that most of what we do is in the arena of infectious diseases and COVID and all of that. So we haven't seen much impact because healthcare has been exempted from the lockdown. So it doesn't impacted so far.
Jamey Mock: Yes. The only other thing, Mike, I mean in terms of exposure, in total India is a little bit more than $100 million. So it's not a substantial exposure for any particular quarter. EUROIMMUN, you mentioned does not really sell a lot in India. Tulip does obviously. But it's not an enormous exposure here.
Mike Ryskin: Okay. That's helpful. And then as far as the updated COVID outlook for the year, you know you touched on the California and the U. K. labs obviously and sort of the various components of the mix there. I am just curious, as we go through the rest of the year, how should we think about that flowing though margins because obviously if the mix shifts as some of the COVID contributions ramp down, that's going to impact margins for the second half of the year. I guess the follow-up on that is, as we look into 2022, if you could give any sort of early insight into the margins and the model and how we should be thinking about it?
Jamey Mock: Yes. I mean, obviously as COVID ramps down, it will impact our margins, our margin profile here in the second half of the year. We have always been transparent about that and we remain steadfastly committed to the 23%-plus that we laid out in 2023. So I think the best way to look at it is, if you look at the end of this year, go back to a more normal comparison, looks to be a little bit of COVID in there. There's going to be some amount of durable revenue here. But go back to the fourth quarter of 2019 and add some growth rate to that from a profit perspective and we will steadily march towards 23%-plus and we have got all the productivity programs in place to do it.
Mike Ryskin: Great. Thanks. I will get back into queue.
Operator: And thank you. And our next question comes from Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tycho Peterson: Hi. Thanks. I want to touch additional one, DAS. Academic, down low single digits. That is in a little bit of a contrast to what we heard about from some of your peers that have talked about end markets being at or above pre-pandemic level. So can you maybe just talk a little bit on why you are seeing more pressure on the academic side? And then similarly on pharma. I know you talked about that being up high single digit excluding the extra week impact. That is also kind of lagging the numbers of peers up double digit on pharma. So could you touch on those dynamics?
Jamey Mock: Yes. I mean, I don't think there's much to read into in academic government. As you know, Tycho, our exposure to it is small. So whether it's customer classification or what have you, I am not sure we have it perfectly classified between pharma biotech and academic government. So overall, I would say life science has performed better than what we expected. So if you factor in the extra week, I mention that discovery was up low double digits, informatics was up high single digits. The extra week really affected our enterprise business. So we were quite pleased with the performance and we are pretty bullish on the outlook in life sciences here.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then on the COVID dynamic, can you just clarify what is actually in the updated guidance for the U. K. and CA labs? And then just to be clear, not including any upside from the asymptomatic test, that is right?
Prahlad Singh: So U. K. and California labs was your first part of the question?
Tycho Peterson: Yes.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. So U.K. is now it's just the Wales lab. IT5 is still in there. That has been extended through first quarter 2022. It's a nominal impact per quarter. So we have got that in there. California, we have got obviously extending or going all the way through October. And we are probably taking down the run rate on that a little bit starting in the third quarter. But in general, we still have a fair amount of revenue related to the COVID labs. Overall, though, Tycho, in general, we raised COVID guided by $50 million which was the beat that we had in the first quarter.
Jamey Mock: And to the second part of your question, there is no asymptomatic pooling that we have assumed are in the guidance.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And one last one before I hop off. The 30% growth in food, I guess tough comps. Can you maybe just touch on that? What's driving it?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mentioned, food safety has been strong, particularly in Meizheng, Tycho. So I think there's three factors in play over there. One is, we are seeing a lot of uptick in downstream or retail from large multinationals over there that are operating in China. The second is there some regulations around antibiotics residue and pesticide residue that we have won some tenders on. And the third is, the business is starting to export outside of China. So in general, Meizheng, I think it was up 70% is what I said in the prepared remarks and that continues to lead the way in food safety.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matt Sykes from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Matt Sykes: Thanks for the question guys. My first question is just a little more general. Just as you mention your three assets you are scaling up generate about 25% growth. And I am just wondering, given the free cash flow you are generating, your balance where it is, is scaling up additional assets over the course of the year a limiting factor for you guys as you guys think about capital deployment? Or are you able to divide and conquer and staff up to, you are comfortable you can take on more?
Prahlad Singh: So Matt, good question. The intent from us is that it is not a limiting factor, right. We have capital ready to deploy and we continue to actively look for opportunities. But more importantly what we have done and as I mentioned both at the earlier conference in January and subsequently, we have established what we are calling the integration transformation office and put a very good function in place that has allowed for seamless integration of the acquisitions that we have brought in and we hope to bring in, in the rest of the year. So I think you will continue to see us be active in the M&A space.
Matt Sykes: Great. And just my follow-up, just on going back to DAS. You mentioned in the presentation that you had strong backlog in all three of the end markets. Could you provide any additional color in the end market, particularly strong backlog or any particular product lines where you guys see a strong backlog developing?
Prahlad Singh: I am not sure I would point to anything, Matt. I think all three end markets looks strong, both from the instruments and consumables perspective. I am not sure anyone of them uptick more significantly than the other.
Jamey Mock: I think we have seen across the board they are very strong.
Prahlad Singh: Right.
Matt Sykes: Great. Thanks very much guys.
Prahlad Singh: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Josh Waldman from Cleveland research. Your line is now open.
Josh Waldman: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess going back to a question Tyco and Dan asked. I wonder if you could provide more context on what all within the non-COVID business was performing better than expected to start the year? I guess, am I right that the majority of the guidance raise in the non-COVID business was attributed to the first quarter beat?
Jamey Mock: No. I think the second part, I mean in general raising overall 11% from the prior guide of 5% to 7% has all quarters kind of rising tides here. So not just the first quarter beat. The first quarter we guided low single digits, came in at 10%. So that obviously contributes to some of it but not all of it. So we are anticipating improved performance 2Q through 4Q. In terms of the end markets, I mean like Prahlad mentioned, it is across the board. There is not an end market that didn't perform better than our expectations. So maybe I will just give a little bit more color on that. When we originally guided, we thought DAS was going to be flattish to nominal growth. And we thought DX would kind of be in the mid single digits which kind of got us to our low singles. On DAS hitting 6% versus flattish, life sciences, as I mentioned just to Tycho's question, was significantly better than we kind of anticipated there. And both food, but particularly food safety, which I talked about as well as applied MPIs, our Triple Quad, has done extremely well. Our new IR has done extremely well. So all of this contributed to the beat in DAS. If you move to diagnostics, I would say largely immunodiagnostics and applied genomics drove the beat here. So I mentioned in the prepared remarks that EUROIMMUN did great, particularly in China. So I would say, in China, we are now above 2019 levels. Tulip did extremely well in the quarter as well. Applied genomics continued, I would say, the brand increase with JANUS, as attributed to COVID has now started to filter off into non-COVID revenue as well. And then reproductive health was still a little bit better, largely in genomics testing, I would say. So again across all end markets, we saw significant improvement versus our original expectation and it should last throughout the year.
Josh Waldman: Okay. And then can you provide an update on the cannabis business? I think that was, I think you said near zero in 2020. Does that bounce back to 2019 levels? Or does it remain well below that?
Jamey Mock: Yes. So there's no revenue in the first quarter, Josh. But I would say that the commercial activity, we are cautiously optimistic that it is upticking again. So we have been involved in more discussions, more potential orders here. So hopefully starting in 2Q or certainly by the second half of the year, we will land some of the orders and revenue. But in the first quarter, it was nothing and then right now it's immaterial in our overall guidance.
Josh Waldman: Got it. Thanks guys. Congrats Steve.
Jamey Mock: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Catherine Schulte from Baird. Your line is now open.
Tom Peterson: Hi guys. This is Tom, on for Catherine. Congrats on a strong print. I am wondering if you could just get into your makeshift COVID testing by geography? Just any geographic trends to call out, particularly in Europe, given some country specific COVID pressures?
Jamey Mock: Yes. Hi Tom. In general, I would say, if you remember from last year, Europe and Americas led the way. APAC was relatively nominal in terms of overall COVID and that continues to be true. I would say, the falloff in the U. K. moving forward versus the fourth quarter and the first quarter would obviously have an impact on EMEA and the increase in the California labs. So therefore, if you kind of move forward here, those would be the two large ships. If you look at it a recurring revenue basis outside of the two significant labs, I don't think there's any large shift. I think, in general, all of our customers are downticking a little bit but continue to place a pretty consistent level of orders with us. But overall that shift has left U.K. and more California will impact the overall geographic revenue related to COVID.
Tom Peterson: Got it. And then just a follow-up on China. I think you said over 50% in the quarter. I think that last year 1Q down somewhere in the ballpark of 30%. So just wanted to get a sense as to how you are thinking about the recovery in China? Any trends to call out? And thoughts for the remainder of the year?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I think as Jamey pointed out, China's come back stronger and we expect it to be strong throughout the year. Specifically just to point out, EUROIMMUN in China, where if your call, for autoimmune and allergy, it was depressed last year. That has come back strong. Applied genomics too is there. And on the DAS side, life sciences across the board, we have seen very good utilization and tailwind and we expect it to get going for the year.
Tom Peterson: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Daniel Brennan from UBS. Your line is now open.
Daniel Brennan: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe the first one on COVID. Just obviously, there's tremendous amount of uncertainty on how this will ultimately play out this year and next. But is there any sense to how we think about the durability of your business as the pandemic slows? I apologize if this was raised earlier in the call? But I am just trying to get a sense of beyond 2021, what kind of lasting benefit you think PerkinElmer will play within COVID testing? And then I have a follow up.
Prahlad Singh: We have talked about durability of COVID going forward, just based on the installed base of what we had placed around chemagic and JANUS last year. And we continue to see that trend in the first quarter. It hasn't slowed down. So we expect that to continue to further strengthen the assumptions that we have around COVID durability. Around the assumption for COVID for the year, we have got a very good line of sight for the second quarter and we have been pretty prudent in our planning for the rest of the year. So we feel very good about the number and that's why the raise that you have seen. Plus we have, as Jamey, talked about earlier, we have upside opportunities whether it's from asymptomatic, from serology, from antigen testing. That continues to bolster our assumption and forecasted around COVID.
Daniel Brennan: Got it. And then maybe just within diagnostics, obviously very strong, ex-COVID as well. Just could you speak to the overall environment just more broadly? How much that's related to Perkin-specific initiatives and kind of success. And how much is the overall environment improving as a back up in diagnostics? Thank you.
Jamey Mock: Yes. I think it's a much broader question, right. The markets are opening up. And if you look at reproductive health, markets opened up, testing is going to start again. Applied genomics continues to be strong in and around infectious diseases. And you see that autoimmune and allergies have come back in a very strong manner. So across the board, again, whether it's applied genomics, reproductive, applied genomics and immunodiagnostics, we have seen good strength. Reproductive health, I would say, is slower coming back because of the pressure that it's seeing from birth rates. But it has started showing signs. Anything else?
Prahlad Singh: The only thing I would add is, largely China has been much stronger than we thought would come back here, Dan.
Daniel Brennan: Great. Jamey, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a follow up question from Patrick Donnelly from Citi.
Patrick Donnelly: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question. You talk about a little better visibility into revenue and cost synergies with Oxford. Can you just expand that bit? I just want to understand, obviously you talked about acquisition together growing 25%. But can you just talk about the driver specific to Oxford and the performance here?
Prahlad Singh: In fact, the number one thing is, it's obviously a strong rebound from what he had seen in 2020 and we expect the testing levels to continue to exceed than 2019. They have seen double digit growth in Q1. The T-cell piece that the team has launched there, that is seeing good traction, early on around vaccination deployment to measure immunity. And in the automation is opening up some doors with early wins. So those are the three factors I would point out in terms of seeing good traction for Oxford. And the deal integration is going very well. The teams have jived very well. There are lots of doors that they are opening for each other in regions around the world.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. Got you. And then maybe just on the end markets side. The industrial, I think you talked the high single, environmental, low double. Can you just talk about the drivers there and the sustainability as we go forward? It certainly seems, Jamey, I know you talked about how broad-based the strength was and you feel like every end market was better than you expected. But maybe just kind of zone in on those two and your thoughts on the go forward?
Jamey Mock: Yes. So Patrick, on the industrial side, I will start there. I mean a lot of this was due to the bounce back in China. It's a lot stronger than we anticipated. I would say, if you look across the sub segments of industrial, semiconductor across the globe continues to be the strongest. I would say, Americas is decent from a decent growth rate perspective. EMEA had a little bit of a difficult comp. The first quarter of 2020 has been strong. But I mean, the outlook in general should steady uptick but China really bounce back more than anybody else. I would say, in environmental, we see it largely an APAC and EMEA. China, again for APAC. But EMEA has continued to be extremely robust. And Americas still nominally positive here.
Patrick Donnelly: That's helpful. Thanks Jamey.
Operator: Thank you. And I am showing no further questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to Prahlad Singh for closing remarks.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you Justin and thank you all for your questions. While 2021 has already been a unique year in and of itself, I am confident we have the right team and the right strategy to embrace the future and all of its possibilities. Thank you for your interest in PerkinElmer and have a good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to PerkinElmer Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation there will be a question-and-answer session  I'll now hand the conference over to your speaker today, Bryan Kipp, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Bryan Kipp: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, and welcome to the PerkinElmer fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings conference call. With me on the call today are Prahlad Singh, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jamey Mock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.PerkinElmer.com. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until February 16, 2021. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the safe harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Statements or comments made on this call may be forward-looking statements, which may include, but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested by any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views as of only today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even for our estimates change, so you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any other date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent, we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I am now pleased to introduce the President and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Prahlad Singh. Prahlad?
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Brian and good afternoon everyone. A year ago, I started my prepared remarks talking about how 2019 was a seminal year for PerkinElmer. And I had no doubt that the positive changes we had completed would become increasingly apparent to external stakeholders in the quarters and years ahead. Looking back now, it is hard to believe how much has changed in such a short period of time. From where we stand today, looking back on 2020, we are a more collaborative and cohesive organization.
Jamey Mock: Thanks Prahlad and good evening everyone. To start I echo Prahlad's remarks and as I've reiterated throughout 2020, I could not be prouder of our team in how they collectively responded to address the needs of our customers and society during these unprecedented times. I have no doubt our shared learning's position the organization well as we aim to tackle the challenges of tomorrow. Before turning to the financial results, I want to remind everyone that our fourth quarter earnings call presentation has been posted on the investor section of our website under financial information. I will begin my prepared remarks by highlighting the fourth quarter. Then I'll provide some additional color on our served end markets and financial metrics. And I will end with a quick look back on our 2020 results and our 2021 guidance. At a high level we are extremely pleased with our record fourth quarter and full year results. The organization executed remarkably well throughout 2020 despite an extremely difficult macroeconomic backdrop. But as we look ahead to continued sequential improvement in our customer engagement and business activity during the fourth quarter positions as well as we turn the fiscal calendar to 2021.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Your question, please.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, guys, congrats on the nice prints here. And thanks for taking my question. I'll limit myself to one question and Bryan I want to congratulate you on your internal promotion, all the best to you. I guess if I could just maybe ask one on the guidance here, the COVID diagnostics at least flat given that you guys are doing 500 in Q1, so I'm curious, what the UK and California contracts - does it make sense for pretty steep drop off from Q1 levels? And when you look at the base business, I think the 5% to 7% core, but correct me if I'm wrong, your core, the comp in 2020 was minus 7%. So that seems like a pretty easy comp. So maybe talk about the underlying in the COVID assumptions that I put to the guide.
Jamey Mock: Thanks Vijay. There's a few questions in there and we're excited for Bryan as well. So I'll start with COVID. As it pertains to the guide, obviously, we said at least flat year-over-year and I'd say predicting the course of COVID has not been easy, nor do we anticipate it to be easy over the next 12 months. There are certainly some variables that could make it more than this. Let me talk about it in a couple ways. One is the sequence through the year, which gets to your question about $500 million in the first quarter, and then the labs versus kind of the rest of COVID revenue piece. So in terms of the sequence, obviously, we have much better visibility, certainly to the first quarter and the first half. And our assumption in this guidance is that the vaccine kicks in and that the second half's revenue and testing come down substantially. And you can see that by evidence that almost 50% of the revenue is here in the first quarter. So we feel like that's a conservative assumption, but one that we are confident in. As it pertains to the split between core versus labs in 2020, core made up approximately 80% of the revenue. And we're predicting that that'll make up approximately 60% of the revenue. And conversely, the labs, which made up about 20% of the revenue in 2020, will step up and be a greater contributor in 2021, to be about 40%. So I think we're assuming that starting in the first quarter here, we're expecting the testing levels on the core to come back down and the level of instruments that we sell, et cetera, to kind of match what we saw probably in the third quarter. And then as it pertains to the labs, we've got a couple variables at play. First is in the UK, our contract only is valid through the end of March. So we're not yet sure whether it'll be extended beyond March, we haven't been told yet. We're obviously talking to them about that now. So this guidance assumes that the UK finishes at the end of the first quarter, and there is no revenue assumed in the end in the second quarter and beyond. And then California, as you've seen is a slow and steady ramp. So it's public information. We've ramped from almost no testing at the beginning of November. And now we're probably about 20,000 tests per week. But there's numerous sites throughout the state of California that they're trying to bring into the program. And so - but those are slow and steady. So we expect California to ramp up here, but it's not nearly as fast as we think. And so therefore, we've taken a pretty conservative assumption in the first half here as well, and then it tailors back down in the second half as well. So overall, a lot of variables in play Vijay. We're trying to set a floor here that says we think we can be at least flat. It's very much front end loaded here. And there's certainly some potential for upside here. And our supply chain can certainly deal with it as we've done in 2020. Well, non-COVID. So on the non-COVID side, the first quarter, I think the comp is a minus 3%, not a minus 7%. The rest of China was the one that was impacted the most. I think China was down over 30% in the first quarter last year, the rest of Europe and Americas was quite strong in the first quarter, which pended to down 33%. So if you look at our 1% to 3% guidance here in the first quarter that embeds the extra week, which is the equivalent of probably two percentage points, so it's more like a 3% to 5% Guide. And we've seen a slow and steady uptick here. So second quarter of last year was where we troughed, we hit I think minus 14% on the quarter book, third quarter, we hit minus 6%. This past quarter, we hit minus 3%, with a couple of difficult comps in there. So we continue to see this trend up. As it pertains to the five to seven overall for the year. Obviously, we'll probably see the largest growth from an organic growth rate perspective in the second quarter due to the comp and then it'll start to normalize in the back half of the year.
Vijay Kumar: Thanks, guys.
Jamey Mock: Thanks Vijay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Derik DeBruin with Bank of America. Your question, please.
Derik DeBruin: Hi, good afternoon.
Jamey Mock: Hey Derik.
Derik DeBruin: Hey. So I want to ask on the margin progression, so how should we think about the decremental on the operating margin for 2021? And I know that it's at the at Tycho's conference, you put out some targets for the 2023 outlook. So I'm just curious and sort of like, can you sort of talk about the margin progressing going forward? And they are - and what the impact is of the recent acquisitions? And I know Oxford's not - and what sort of Oxford considered like have an impact on the margins? It's just I'd love to get your general thought on near term and the longer-term margin profile. Thank you.
Jamey Mock: Yeah, sure. So let me answer the last part quickly. So Oxford is not assumed in any of this guidance, we probably should have made that clear. Horizon is the only one that we've closed on. So Horizon is embedded in this overall guidance here. So let me talk to the year and then I'll talk to the sequence throughout the year. Overall, obviously, we're guiding at least $8.50 which is up $0.20 cents. The COVID overall revenue is flat as we mentioned, and then the core growth kicks in. So we probably get about $0.60 increase due to the volume. And then we're reinvesting that back in the OpEx. I'll talk to overall gross margin. So gross margin, we're expecting to be flat year-over-year, that has some assumptions that the COVID pricing and margin starts to dilute a little bit. And then our core book is we work on our productivity programs, as well as have more volume leverage kicks in and that keeps gross margin overall flat. And then we will continue to reinvest into OpEx here. So we started that towards the second half of last year, we're going to continue to do that, I would say we have a very flexible variable cost - or overall cost base. So we can toggle this on and off with the level of growth that we have. We want to continue to do so. And we'll make the investments that we have been both in our talent, R&D, digital et cetera. In terms of progressing through the year, obviously, with a sip more material COVID, first half the margin rates will be much more substantial. And then in the second half, it'll be - our assumption is that it comes down when we start to accrete - offset 2019 platform. So you mentioned Tycho's conference. And we laid out a 2023 game plan to be 23% or better, we certainly have not lost sight that this business overall can be 25% plus. And we will start to grow margins here in the back half of this year from a productivity programs perspective and extra volume. So I'd look at 2019 levels towards the back half of that year and add some productivity to it. And that's what we expect there.
Derik DeBruin: Great, thanks for the input. I'll get back in line.
Jamey Mock: Thanks Derik.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Arias with Stifel. Your question, please.
Dan Arias: Good afternoon guys, thanks. Jamey, can I just go back to the question on the guide. I mean, I thought the idea was that you guys are kind of trying to convey that this is a business that can do 5% to 6% organic in a normalized environment. So against the minus 6% comp that seems pretty conservative. Is there something that I'm missing there? Is there an element that maybe I'm not understanding?
Jamey Mock: Yeah, I mean, I'm not sure I would say today's a normal environment. I think people are starting to live in a new normal environment. But I think right now, it's still I wouldn't say, the completely robust environment. That doesn't mean we feel confident that the long-term prospects are much faster from a growth perspective coming out of 2020, then going into 2020. And so - but we've seen a steady, as I mentioned earlier Dan that we've seen the steady increase quarter-over-quarter. So if you - as I mentioned, we went up about six points each quarter and three points in the fourth quarter. But if you normalize some things, probably a little bit more. And so overall, we feel very confident that the five to seven is an achievable number here. And we're - could there be a scenario that this is better than that? Yes. We - I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we're not banking on any pent-up demand. But we can go through the end markets, and we feel like five to seven is an appropriate guide at this point in this market environment.
Prahlad Singh: And given the uncertainty, Dan, I think in the second half, just like on the COVID side our intent is to ensure that we put a number given all the assumptions that we've made that we can be, and then that's what you are - but that's the way we forecast it.
Dan Arias: Okay, but just to be clear, it does look like you're - you exited the year with a DAS backlog that's good. You're seeing some improvement in food safety demand that makes you think that maybe overall the food businesses is trending in the right direction. And then on the diagnostic side, it sounds like on the ImmunoDx business on the non-COVID side of that you're approaching normalized, right. I mean, so for lining up the thing that seemingly could take you higher, it feels like there are a couple of elements here that suggest that that could actually take place. Is that true?
Jamey Mock: Yeah, I mean, I think there are certainly - there's certainly a possibility that the end markets can perform better than what we're planning on right now. And if that happens, we could certainly be north of 5% to 7%. And if COVID comes out faster and the economy returns back to normal, maybe have a little bit more uplift there. But to your point, I think food is an area that has potential upside. I think right now we're planning on high single digits for immunodiagnostics. I wouldn't say that it's completely normalized. I think EUROIMMUN was slightly positive across the globe in the fourth quarter when you exclude their COVID sales. So it's not yet perfectly normalized here and I think that's why we're showing kind of a slow and steady uptick here. But certainly, if it returns to normal and if it's faster and we have some pent-up demand we'll see it, but it should be much - it should be greater than 5% to 7%.
Dan Arias: Okay. Bryan, good luck. Don't be a stranger.
Bryan Kipp: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JP Morgan. Your question, please.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. I just want to follow up Jamey on some of your COVID comments, a couple cleanups here. Serology, I think heard you mentioned that a lot. And obviously with vaccine rollout curious about your views on whether that gets more interesting, especially as you add option to the mix. Also are you still planning to launch an antigen test? I know, you've previously talked about doing something with tumor. And then on the California lab, 20,000 tests a day versus 150,000 capacity, is there any risk at some point, if you don't hit certain threshold that that doesn't move forward?
Prahlad Singh: So you want that?
Jamey Mock: So yeah, you want me to answer California first and then yeah. Yeah, we're still - Tycho, right now we are not at 150,000 capacity. So we have been going at the pace that California Department of Health has asked us to. We got up to 40,000, I think in January here, and they've asked us to continue to uptake that so that we are ahead of what they - how they onboard sites, and I think I've mentioned in - maybe at your conference actually that there's over 500 sites that they want to bring on. Right now, they've only brought on 100 sites or a little over 100 sites across the state of California. So we're not at 150,000, we're going at the pace they asked us to be and they will uptick their - onboard their sites over time here and we'll stay ahead of them.
Prahlad Singh: And Tycho, the serology and on the antigen test. On serology, our assumption right now is we've got QuantiVac CE-Marked and we are going to submit it for an EOA from EUROIMMUN and we've got a couple of T-cells options - T cell options that we are looking. Obviously, one is from EUROIMMUN and there'll probably be - assuming Oxford closes, we have that option, too. So I think in the post vaccine world, we see a role for it. We've not made a big assumption around that in the numbers that we forecasted, as of now. On the second one, on the rapid antigen test, if you recall, in the fall, in fact, during the CEO series that you had done, we had talked about the fact that we would come out with one, when we feel that it's probably of the same quality comparison as we have on the RT-PCR. And at this point, we feel pretty comfortable that we have something that we might come out with which is probably at par or if not best of - best in standard in terms of what's out there. So few weeks more to go. And that should that should be something we'll be able to share.
Tycho Peterson: And a lot of other plans for Explorer - 10,000 samples a day, obviously a high throughput system in terms of future may you build that or do you envision customers in decoupling that as a pandemic systems appliance?
Prahlad Singh: No, I think there's both organically future menu build out on those ourselves, and also adding other components to it from a detection capability perspective for our customers, NGS and things to that effect and adding kits on that side. So there's a lot of work going on that from an R&D perspective Tycho.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, and then lastly, China, just curious whether you think that gets back to growth in the first quarter or what are kind of the leading indicators are?
Prahlad Singh: I think it'll get back to growth in the first quarter, but I think, I don't know -
Jamey Mock: Exactly coming off a pretty easy comp year Tycho, so embedded in the 1% to 3%. Has a pretty high China growth rate.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you.  Our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research. Your question, please.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi, good afternoon. And before asking anything, I would echo to congrats to Bryan. Well deserved.
Bryan Kipp: Thanks Steve.
Steve Beuchaw: I'll ask a two parter and it's for Prahlad. It has to do with how you want people to think about news flow in 2021 on your diagnostics lineup outside of COVID. One is you've talked a little bit about publications and validation work on Vanadis. I wonder if you could give us any sort of details as to what you're thinking about there and then Part two is, you've commented before that to leverage your expanded molecular diagnostic presence in part with the pretty large numbers that you have out there in terms of instrumentation. You might look at more partnerships or assay development efforts. I wonder if you could share anything incremental on that front. And they'll drop back in queue. Thanks so much.
Prahlad Singh: Sure, Steve. So on Vanadis, I think we've got two to three publications that are coming out in the first half of this year. I think there was one that came out at the - close to the end of last year. So you've got a good pipeline of publications coming out. And again, I'll reiterate what I have said earlier Steve, we continued to be very confident on Vanadis. We've got a very strong pipeline. Our challenge really right now is being able to ship, install and train. So maybe it's probably in the next couple of quarters, we will start seeing that coming into play. On the second question around how do we - on adding more menu to our installed base or incremental installed base we have put in, I think, again, there we are going with a three-pronged approach. One, organically what we develop through EUROIMMUN or through our Turku and Taicang labs. Second, partnering with other companies that have got approved molecular assays that are out there. And third, obviously, is the M&A and acquisition targets. So that number two and number three are in place, Steve, and hopefully, we'll have something more to announce in the second half of the year.
Steve Beuchaw: Thanks so much.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Leonard with Wells Fargo. Your question, please.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. So two parter, on the COVID assumptions, I think I might be helpful to understand if the component of your PCR, RNA extraction business how much of that is equipment versus consumables as we make assumptions around durability? And then just to clean up, can you offer out the China growth rate in the quarter and what you expect, broad brushstrokes to look like in '21?
Jamey Mock: So yeah, I mean, from an instrument perspective Dan, it's probably less than 10% of the revenue overall. I missed the second part, what was it?
Prahlad Singh: China.
Bryan Kipp: What was the actual growth rate in 4Q and then our expectation in 2021?
Jamey Mock: China was down mid-teens in the fourth quarter. So if you go through the progression of the year down to 33%, in the first quarter, and it got a little bit better throughout the entire year. But then, - and then as we go into the next year, our assumption is that it is high single or double digit for China throughout the year here starting in the first quarter.
Bryan Kipp: And, Dan, when you look at that it's split diagnostics is worse than what we saw an aggregate for China and 4Q and DAS is better, analytical stronger than the aggregate.
Dan Leonard: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your question, please.
Steve Willoughby: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. And good luck, Bryan. Jamey, I was wondering if we could just circle back one more time on the - some of the assumptions as it relates to COVID. I guess, first you talked about how the State of California has asked you to increase capacity in that lab there. So I presume that that would also mean that you're - basically the minimum amount of revenue you should expect to receive from that contract should increase in the first quarter versus what you saw in the fourth quarter. And then in the UK, I believe your - larger of your two labs didn't open until the beginning of December and that has continued to ramp up we believe. So should both California and the UK contribute meaningfully more in revenue COVID revenue in the first quarter versus what you saw in the fourth quarter?
Jamey Mock: No, actually. So it's about flat to the fourth quarter, Dan - Steve, so you're right on California that overall in the fourth quarter was minimal amount of capacity and volume. So that'll substantially uptick in the first quarter here. But as it pertains to the UK, as I mentioned earlier, first of all, in the fourth quarter, they - we had a lot of instruments sales, as well as an implementation fee, and some stocking both due to Brexit and the risk of Brexit as well as getting ready for the first quarter ramp. And right now, our assumption in the first quarter is that there are much less reagents because we're not sure whether we will continue on with the contract after the first quarter here. So right now, it's basically  and California comes up in your overall flat.
Steve Willoughby: Can I ask a follow up on that, Jamey, just how are you guys thinking about that UK contracts going beyond March? I mean, if there's any way to ballpark if you think that continues or not.
Prahlad Singh: We don't have any -
Jamey Mock: We don't have it in our guidance at all.
Prahlad Singh: So if that comes in - if that comes through that will be upside.
Steve Willoughby: Thanks very much.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: Hey, guys, good afternoon. Jamey, I know you provided some commentary on margins in response to I think it was Derik's question earlier on the call. But could you just maybe provide a bit more detail on why there isn't a bit more earnings leverage in 2021? You're expecting to grow the top line, I think around 8%. And I think with the flow through you're talking about only about 3% earnings growth. What were some of the key factors we should be considering as we think about 8% versus 3%?
Jamey Mock: Yeah, so two things. One is that Horizon is basically - we said, nominally accretive here, so you have a lot more OpEx cost as a result of that. I said, overall, gross margin, we're assuming is flat. And then we're going to uptick our R&D and selling and marketing and some of our digital investments here, Doug. So I think we're using some of that profitability this year to invest in the OpEx line and continue to improve the outlook from a growth rate standpoint.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, that makes sense. And then one for Prahlad. One of the clear goals that you've articulated, and taking the helm as CEO has been to better integrate acquisitions, the sales force, and R&D organizations across the company. Yeah, we've seen some clear progress on that front. I was curious if you could just provide a bit more detail on how you see Oxford and Horizon filling into the strategy or I should say, fitting into the strategy, and what are some examples of areas where you can leverage capabilities to accelerate growth for both of these deals? Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Sure Doug. I think the way what we've done and the reason it has worked for us so far is we have always integrated our acquisitions, right rather than heavy or light or appropriately. And I think maybe I can talk a lot more around Horizon than on Oxford, because we haven't closed on Oxford. But as you think through it, right, if we give you one example, Horizon has a group of strategic account managers with pharma that are very well penetrated, and a lot of the business flow through comes from them. So in this case, for us, it's more of a reverse integration, just to give you an example, where we can build on that core competency that Horizon has around strategic account managers, specifically in pharma and biotech, and use them and add our assays and imaging and detection portfolio and discovery portfolio to that back. So for us, what is more critical is to look at the opportunity that - look at the target that we are integrating and see where there are opportunities, and most of our focus right now has gone around commercial synergies and technology synergies. And obviously, Jamey and I both have talked earlier about the whole aspect around how we bring in our automation expertise, for example with Oxford. So that will play a role. That doesn't mean that we don't have the cost synergies or the corporate opportunity of - the cost opportunities around corporate costs. But for us, the focus is primarily around commercial and technology synergies.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs. Your question, please.
Matt Sykes: Thanks for taking my question. And congrats again, Bryan. Well deserved. I just wanted to - just one question for me just on the DAS division. Obviously, Life Sciences had a good fourth quarter. I just want to get it the sustainability of enterprise and discovery within that. And if that is sustainable, how should we think about food and applied kind of coming up the curve as they recover? And how is that kind of fit into your guide for the year?
Jamey Mock: Sure, yeah, Matt. So I'd say discovery - the overall, as we laid out in December, we're encouraged by the Life Sciences franchise as a whole and we've said that long-term we believe it can grow 6% plus. Discovery is certainly gotten a lot better. Enterprise is coming off a little bit of a tough comp as we head into this year, so we're a little less bullish there. Informatics has been consistent overall, that kind of 10% plus, so Life Sciences look strong. Food has been a more challenging market to understand here and see what will happen where we're assuming some kind of rebound here in 2021, but not gangbusters, so I would say it's a mid-single digits as well. And so that could be an area that provides additional growth versus our current guide.
Matt Sykes: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Your question, please.
Brandon Couillard: Hey, thanks. Just a high-level question for Alan, do you think about just capital deployment priorities obviously, you're thrown off a lot of free cash flow, you've already done two deals, sort of about your bandwidth to absorb another acquisition right now. You'd expect to sort of take a pause or s you absorb the Oxford and Horizon, and then just your appetite for share repurchases this year.
Prahlad Singh: Brandon our priority will remain on M&A. And I think our appetite is pretty good. And I think we will be acquisitive in 2021.
Jamey Mock: And on share repurchases Brandon, we assume in our outlook here that we're going to keep it flat year-over-year.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Your question, please.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Just a couple on the reproductive health segment. I was wondering if you give us an update on genetic testing, how that business performed in 2020. Guessing a little bit of pressure from the pandemic, but what's the outlook looks like for 2021? And then what are the expectations for newborn screening? You have some easy comps, but just talk about how that's going to trend throughout 2021?
Prahlad Singh: Sure, I think from 2020 perspective, obviously, the pandemic did have an impact on genetic testing, not for us for the industry as a whole. But it has started coming back. And also keep in mind, Brendan, that most of the team there was focused on ensuring that the California and the UK labs get up and running. So our focus had shifted, because they sort of are the nucleus of ensuring that these labs, take off and we execute flawlessly. From a reproductive health perspective, our assumption I think going into it is low single digits for the year. We continue to see - we've seen continued pressure on birth rates for the past few years. But again, as I've said earlier, that's not sustainable. So our assumption on that is probably flat to low single digit decline on birth rates, but compensating that with menu expansion, and some of the new NPIs that we've talked about. Ion being one of them, I think, SMA and DMD, right. So that's sort of our thinking around reproductive health.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Dan Brennan with UBS. Your question, please.
Dan Brennan: Great, thanks for taking the question. Bryan, best of luck with the new role. So really, it's a two-part question on testing, if you don't mind, just how are you thinking about the impact of rapid antigens just on PCR in your franchise as you look out? And then two well, I know, there's a very wide range of outcomes with the vaccine and kind of what happened to testing, but any, any way to think about like kind of guideposts as we cycle past even '21 and the '22, just given how big of a part of a business it is, obviously, symptomatic testing may come down, but you could have a lot of screening, that takes up the slack, just kind of wondering, just some early thoughts about just kind of a range of outcomes we might contemplate. Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Sure. I think one thing to keep in mind is even around RT-PCR the benefit that we have is we have a full array of assays around RT-PCR that are FDA approved - EOA approved. As you look at it, we've got pooling, we've got asymptomatic. So as this moves forward, and as pooling starts to play a role around RT-PCR, we already have an EOA approved assay for symptomatic and asymptomatic. Outside of that Dan, as you look at rapid antigen testing, our intent is to bring out a test there, which has a high level of sense and spec because the idea really is that you don't want to be in your low 80s or late 70s in terms of sense and spec when you want to release that test and that's why we have not been the first one to the game, but I feel very confident that when we come out with one, it be the sensitivity and specificity of the test will be compelling enough for it to gain rapid traction.
Dan Brennan: Great, Okay, Prahlad thank you very much.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. So thank you. Thank you, operator and thank you all for your questions. As we shared - both of us shared 2020 has - was a seminal year in our long and storied history. Our team is energized and focused on building off our recent successes and we want to challenge - tackle the challenges of tomorrow. I want to again take the opportunity to thank the 14,000 employees across the globe. Thank you for your interest and support of PerkinElmer and I look forward to providing further updates on our first quarterly earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect. Have a good night.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Third Quarter 2020 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation there will be a question-and-answer session  At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Bryan Kipp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please begin.
Bryan Kipp: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, and welcome to the PerkinElmer third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. With me on the call are Prahlad Singh, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jamey Mock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until November 11, 2020.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Brian. And good afternoon, everyone. Our 13,000 employees continue to go above and beyond, and our year-to-date results further reinforced that reality. As I have previously mentioned, improving lives is in our organization's DNA. It is what impassions our team. I remain humbled by and immensely proud of how everyone within PerkinElmer has rallied together throughout 2020. While the guiding principles that we outlined at the onset of the pandemic remain on North Star, keeping our employees and company safe, utilizing our expansive capabilities to join in the fight against COVID-19, serving our customers with excellence during this difficult period and emerge from this crisis as a stronger company. We are also actively positioning the organization for what a post COVID-19 world might look like. The environment will undoubtedly be different from the future we imagined a year ago. Over the past 12 months, we have expanded into market adjacencies, built new business lines and dramatically enhanced our commercial relationships.
Jamey Mock: Thanks, Prahlad, and good evening, everyone. To start, I echo Prahlad. I could not be prouder of our team and more confident that PerkinElmer is well positioned into 2021 and beyond. Over the past year, we have won dozens of new products, build significant equity with our partners, foster new customer relationships and expanded our presence in multiple markets, and our organization is not slowing down. We are all laser-focused on the opportunities in front of us and truly excited about the future. To that point, we plan to host a virtual life sciences deep dive for the investment community on December 9. We have teed up exciting topics for this session, where we will walk through our discovery, informatics and enterprise businesses. Additional information on the event specifics will be communicated in the coming weeks. Before I begin discussing our financial results, I want to remind people that our third quarter earnings call presentation has been posted on the Investors section of our website under financial information. As always, I will begin my prepared remarks by highlighting the third quarter, then I'll provide some additional color on our served end markets and financial metrics, and I will end with fourth quarter guidance.
Operator:  Our first question or comment comes from the line of Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe one quick one on the guidance. And I had a follow-up on a big picture question. Turning to Q4, one, Jamey, the $350 million to $450 million, does have any California contracts baked in? And when you look at the base business, why is the guide assuming mid-single declines, maybe parser? Because, I guess some of your peers are seeing flattish to perhaps positive on the base business.
Jamey Mock: Yeah. Thanks, Vijay, and hope you're doing well. So generally speaking, I'd say we're taking a similar approach entering the fourth quarter, as we did when we entered the third quarter. We've looked at order trends. We've looked at our backlog, which has grown versus when we entered the third quarter, and we feel very comfortable with our guide, and I'll kind of break it down non-COVID versus COVID. So non-COVID, we are seeing the market improve, but the exit rates are not quite as fast as they accelerated at the end of the second quarter. However, if they continue, we think we'll be at the high end. And if they don't continue or if something happens, they'll be at the low end. It's also worth noting, Vijay, that in the fourth quarter of 2019, we had two very material product lines growth for us. Cannabis was quite substantial in the fourth quarter. We're assuming no cannabis revenue in the fourth quarter of 2020, as well as informatics was substantial in the fourth quarter last year. So if you exclude those two, we think we'd probably be better by three points. So instead of down 4% to 6%, we'd probably be down 1% to 3%. So DAS came in minus 3% in the third quarter. It will probably be in the same vicinity due to those comps. However, if you exclude those comps, DAS would be positive in the fourth quarter. And then Diagnostics ex-COVID revenue was down 11% or 12%. And we've seen it start an uptick over the last few months. And so we are assuming that, that will be down high single digits. So that kind of explains non-COVID. It is closer to low - minus low single digits, but we have those two comps. From a COVID standpoint, you asked the question specifically on California. Yes, it is in the number at about $50 million to $75 million. The way we derived the $350 million to $450 million is the base business was $288 million in the third quarter. We're assuming the base business is mostly in that range, call it $250 million to $300 million, and then we're adding an extra $50 million to $75 million for each of the California labs and the UK labs, which overall gets you to the $350 million to $450 million. I think all of this is worth noting that none of this assumes any significant block down, obviously, COVID positivity rates are going up across the world. And right now, we are not planning on any significant lockdowns in any of this guidance. Should they happen, it could have material upside to our COVID revenue and material downside to our non-COVID revenue. But in general, that's how we kind of thought about the guidance, Vijay.
Vijay Kumar: That's extremely helpful, Jamey. And then one big one for Prahlad. I think some of the comments you're making, as you look forward towards the next chapter here in the Perkins story. I guess, I'm curious, Prahlad, because I'm looking at some of these numbers, right, 100% growth in earnings. I mean, some of these numbers were astronomical. But the market isn't giving you guys the credit, right? The stock hasn't acted well. And the biggest question here is sustainability. Are these COVID revenues going to be some headwinds for next year? Maybe talk about sustainability, one from a base COVID perspective. And when you think about these, the incremental cash flows that's come through for the company, right, to your point, Perkin was not a player in molecular like 12 months ago. What is the right way to think about capital deployment? And does it strengthen your position in the diagnostic space? Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: It's a very good question, Vijay. I mean I think the way I would look at it, obviously, we have been giving a lot of thought to it. Over the past few months, where I personally have focused my attention on and maybe that will sort of throw some light into how we are thinking of it, right? As I talked about, the team has been focused on the three guiding principles extremely well, that allows me to focus most of my efforts on positioning the company for the future. And we sort of - I'm looking at it from three primary areas, right? Number one is innovation. I mean, looking at opportunities across the organization, both on COVID and non-COVID, but fundamentally driving innovation in a very different way and three key areas that I'm focusing on. NPI acceleration, focus on quality and disruptive ideas. And this is where we are having regular reviews, deep dives and what the cadence of NPIs will be over the next 2 to 3 years? And what I can tell you confidently that it will be no doubt very strong. There are lots of exciting things that we are building upon the strength that we have now, the muscle that we have exercised through COVID, we need to now expand that into new and adjacent markets. The second one around capital deployment, right? We are in a great position. We have firepower now. And over the past year, we have gained share and expanded our presence in new markets, as you mentioned, around molecular diagnostics. So we are actively looking to deploy this capital to further bolster both on the diagnostic side and on the life sciences franchises, so that we can layer additional capabilities that enhances our current positions in the market. Let me give you an example, right? As we look at - from a disease target characterization, we have a leading position with high content screeners and in vivo imagers. Cell selection and separation tools would go hand-in-hand with the imaging and detection capability that we have, that would allow researchers to investigate which cells have changed in a population versus the subcellular level. So additional these tools around cell detection, separation or manipulation is a natural adjacency for us. So that's an example that we would continue to bolster our efforts around capital deployment. And the last one is on the people front. I've been focused on building an organization that has the diverse talent and deep bench stream. Over last year, if you recall, we combined our commercial teams from DAS and DX, the United R&D. Now our focus is how do we take these opportunities within commercials and bring that under one umbrella. How do we focus on the alliances and partnerships that we have built across the globe because of COVID? So those are the three focus areas that we have - that I personally am putting my attention on. And that's why we feel confident about the future.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, guys. I think the only thing you missed up a lot of was adding maybe a single ahead of cell separation and detection, perhaps that's probably worth another $5 billion to market cap. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comment comes from the line of Dan Arias from Stifel. Your line is open.
Dan Arias: Good afternoon, thank you. Prahlad, I wanted to sort of follow-on on some of those ideas that you were talking about and kind of hit on Vijay's point on sustainability. Just on the top line, maybe starting with diagnostics. You highlighted a couple of times, just being in good shape in a post COVID world. Can you talk to some of the early thoughts that you think you might have on how you could look in 2021 when you think about the non-COVID portions of that segment and how they're expected to drive growth? What's your expectation on a recovery in immuno DX, again, outside of COVID? And on the reproductive health side, leaving birth rates aside and what that brings, how do you feel about accelerating growth on the back of some of these initiatives that you have there? And I guess, ultimately, where is your confidence in diagnostics being a double-digit organic growing segment once we move pass the COVID period, and get into normalized periods?
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. No, great question, Dan. And let's start with the reproductive health, right? As you said, we don't expect the current birth rate pressures to be a headwind of this magnitude for the foreseeable future. We expect that this will moderate at some point as conditions normalize. But outside of that, just like I gave you the example of EONIS during my prepared remarks, that is a particular segment where we can bring that product portfolio into the molecular diagnostics arena because it uses the same workflow that is currently being used for COVID, right. You use the same PCR, you use the same liquid handling, and you use the same extraction components that are already in place now at all these installed base. And as we look forward to the menu expansion around reproductive health, Dan, most of the new disorders that are either being looked at or thought off from the RUS panel as an example, DMD, SMA, they are all molecular based. So again, the methodology or the technology is moving away from immunoassay to molecular diagnostics, which sort of matches well with the new and expanded installed base that we have put together across the globe. Similarly, as we look on the immune side, immunoassay side, there are several other new immunodiagnostic assays that we are either working on in-house or also looking at inorganic opportunities. Now moving on to the autoimmune and allergy side that comes from the EUROIMMUN portfolio, right. Autoimmunity, as I have said, the rate of detection of autoimmune diseases is not slowing down, and we've started already seeing signs of recovery of that even in China. And I think we'll continue to expand that portfolio by bringing in a new platform that we've - that we have named Excentis  And that should be out probably sometime in the next year. Adding - continuing to add to that portfolio is going to be an important factor for our growth. The one place where we will see some pressure in the short-term is around allergies. And that's just because people are being very productive, wearing masks, and that's the portfolio that we see a pressure on it. So sort of there are various ways that we are looking at expanding our portfolio around the installed base that we've already built today with our extraction portfolio, Dan.
Dan Arias: Okay. That's a helpful bit of explanation there. Maybe just kind of sticking with a similar idea. I mean, it sounds like one of the hopes that you have is that the awareness and the mind share you're creating in areas creating in areas like sample prep and Genomics is going to sort of elevate the business for the longer term. Are you seeing signs on strategic partnership opportunities or longer term deals that make you think that, that's going to happen, that you'll see some stickiness with what you're selling now during a time when labs, quite honestly, are buying because they can get it, but once things come down and there are multiple options, you'll be the choice that they go to.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. I mean we have put more than 1,000 units that have been installed. Now while these labs are focused on COVID, they're also aware that - look, we have put this infrastructure in place. Now we've got to be able to put plans in place to leverage this installed base and competency that we have set up beyond COVID. So absolutely, the partnerships, those that we have announced and several that we have not announced. Those customers are already discussing with us, hey, what else can we put through this - what else can we put through this workflow. And again, in fact, this has gone to an extent that in Jamey's team we are now establishing a function around alliances and partnership, that will be focused solely around these efforts of taking this forward.
Dan Arias: Okay. Thanks a lot. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comment comes from the line of Derik De Bruin from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good afternoon. Can we talk a little bit about sort of how you're thinking about - I mean I know it's early and there's a lot of moving parts. Can we think about just a rebound in the core business in '21? And particularly on the DAS side, I mean I think Dan  took care of the diagnostics sides we're thinking about there. But can we talk about the DAS side and just sort of thinking about what you think is pent-up demand? What do you think is potential for bounce back on that one? I'm just trying to get a sense for how much of the core business we should sort of modeling for a rebound for next year?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Sure. Hey, Derik, hope you are doing well. So I mean, I think we're, in general, coming off fairly reasonable comps this year to start with. I think life sciences, we've seen a continued uptick throughout the year. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that the Discovery business is now positive, and I think we will continue to see that moving forward here. Informatics, we think, is still a strong grower heading into 2021, OneSource. So the life sciences business, we expect, A, you should have relatively easy comps; and B, is we're starting to see the spending and that's probably 55% to 60% of the DAS business. So feel good about that. Food, we will not have the cannabis issue year-over-year. So cannabis in 2018, if you remember - or 2019, I guess, if you remember, was $25 million. And this year, it's next to nothing. So we will not have that comp issue. And in fact, depending upon where the election goes and where it's funding levels are, that might start to rebound again. And in addition, food and if it starts to open up a little bit, it's hard to understand what will happen with processors and restaurants and whatnot, but at least we will have already kind of lived through probably the significant shutdown. And then industrial and environmental has been relatively stable and steady. I don't anticipate a big snapback or whatnot. But I think you've got life sciences, it should be an easy comp. But I think life sciences has; A, an easy comp and should be growing nicely, particularly Informatics. Food will not have a difficult comp anymore and should start to uptick industrial and environmental as well. The only thing I'd say on DAS, in general, is we do have a fair amount of NPI. So Prahlad mentioned it earlier, he's been holding weekly reviews with all of our segment leaders. We are up ticking our R&D. It's up 10% in the third quarter. We plan to further uptick in the fourth quarter. So there is a cadence of improved NPIs coming out that should bode well in 2021 and beyond for the DAS business.
Jamey Mock: And just to add to that, also on the life sciences side, Derik, we've started seeing some increased investments from governments and CDCs around Life Sciences Research, looking at viral path and immune responses, so I think that will also bode well for the life sciences business on the research side.
Derik De Bruin: Got it. And thinking about the - it's an interesting comment. I mean, one of your competitors in the RNA extraction space was sort of maintain the fact that automated sample extraction is - it was a headwind for them. It seems like you're certainly benefiting from that one. Can you talk about the dynamics of that market? And also, just how you're sort of thinking about the evolution of - there's more people going to like heat, lay bile, sample preps and RNA extraction free going on with it. So like how do you - once again, it goes to the sustainability question that Vijay was asking about. How do you sort of think about your RNA extraction business going, and market share shifts and things of that nature?
Prahlad Singh: The way I would look at it, Derik, is that there are three parameters that our customers look for. And that is what is important. Getting a higher extraction yield, having an easy workflow at a low cost. And I think what COVID has definitely proved from our customers' base. I mean, if you just - all you've got to do is look at the numbers over the past three quarters, is that what we are able to provide with our product portfolio is the right - the extraction use that they want, the right workflow that they want at the cost that they want. But more importantly, I think what becomes more relevant is that as we move beyond COVID, there will be a need for continued surveillance into the future. And that's why the stickiness of this installed base is going to be very relevant and important. COVID might go away and we can debate till the cows come home, whether it goes in three months or six months or nine months. But the surveillance of infectious diseases like COVID is here to stay. And I think that's where the stickiness of our installed base that gives us the confidence of the stickiness around our installed base.
Derik De Bruin: Great. Thank you. I'll turn back in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. I'm going to take the other side and actually ask on some of the COVID tailwinds. And maybe start with the two labs, California and the U.K. I know you talked about 40,000 samples to start in California. Can you just remind us where those could go from a capacity standpoint? I think, I read California could get up to 150,000 tests. I'm just trying to take forward a little bit into 2021. And then separately on the respiratory - multi analyte respiratory panel, how much of the volume do you think goes to that versus the stand-alone PCR test? And then when do you think also serology starts to pick up again?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. So you're right, Tycho, in that the capability of the California lab could go up to 150,000. And I think we will be ready next week, in fact, where we would be up to a start-up to building up to a capacity of around 40, 000.
Jamey Mock: 40,000. I think the state we're working with them. By the end of the quarter, it might be at something like 80,000. And then in the first quarter, be ready for 150,000 at some point during the first quarter.
Prahlad Singh: And around flu pack, Tycho, as you asked, we've gotten CE mark. We are awaiting FDA approval. And once we have that, I think what we have not yet thought through, it depends to a large extent on how the state decides, around which segments go under the flu pack and which ones go under a pure RT-PCR test. There might be school kids or school populations or healthcare populations that might go on the flu pack, whereas, the others might go into RT-PCR. And I think that the capability has been set up that we can deviate up within the labs and have different workflow for the two tests, but the proportion of that is yet to be determined.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then on serology, when do you think that starts to pick up again? Is that mid-next year? Or what's your outlook there?
Prahlad Singh: I think it probably is - I mean, first quarter, sometime in the first quarter as the vaccines start taking effect. I think that's the serology trend will start picking up along with the vaccine efforts, Tycho.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then shifting gears, you're - I think the only company we've heard from so far that's still negative in China. Can you just - and obviously your levered birth rates and other factors there. But can you just talk on when you think China may return to growth for you?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mean, I think if you - even as we look at China now, while it has been pressured for us, there are two things to think of, right? One, we have a stronger DX, a diagnostics weightage in China than DAS. And in that, again, autoimmune and as I mentioned, respiratory, those have been the ones that have seen impact. But we have started seeing flow through now in China from our distributors. So as we as we look forward, our distributor - the flow-through or sell-through from our distributors has continued to increase. So I would say that as we look into this quarter and next quarter, that continues to improve and it will continue to improve.
Jamey Mock: Yes, I would agree. And then on the DAS side, Tycho, I mean, we've already seen life sciences turn positive in China. Food and Applied has been kind of down low single to mid single. So I would anticipate by the first quarter of next year that - with easier comps and continued uptick. And we have seen an uptick, particularly in industrial and environmental, that it has steadily grown throughout the year that I think we turned positive in DAS and Diagnostics will be influenced by the things that Prahlad talked about, but birth rates obviously matter. Allergy is a bigger share in China for EUROIMMUN. And if everybody is wearing a mask, there's a little less allergy uptake there. But DAS would turn positive and Diagnostics, we'll see. But the long term...
Tycho Peterson: And then last one - and then just last on the DAS operating margins. You flagged pulling forward some investments. A, should we think about those margins to continue to be under some pressure as you're investing for the DAS business and other particular areas you can call out? I guess you called that cellular analysis earlier. Was that kind of the main area of incremental investment?
Jamey Mock: That's a great question on the - you're speaking specifically to DAS, though, Tycho?
Tycho Peterson: Correct. Correct.
Jamey Mock: Yes. Yes, DAS has been under pressure for two reasons. One is, you'll see in the quarter, we're probably down 500 basis points or something like that. And about half of that is both of them are conscious decisions. On the OpEx side, it's about half of that, and we've increased our R&D. We've mentioned earlier that we want to get ready for our analytical portfolio, our life sciences portfolio, our food portfolio. So we continue to increase R&D. We continue to work on our sales and marketing channels, particularly on food. I've mentioned that in the past that we had some work to do there, and people in general. So about half of this is a conscious decision on OpEx that should be fine, and we're making that investment now. And as soon as the volume upticks, we should be okay. Similarly, on the gross margin line, which is probably the other half, we've made a decision, which was part of the 4 principles that Prahlad outlined earlier, to keep our employees safe, and we've had no layoffs at any of our plants across the globe. So even as the volume has declined, we've had unfavorable variances due to the factory overhead and whatnot haven't laid anybody off. And so therefore, as the volume comes back, we think that the workforce will be ready, and we're just seeing a little bit of short-term unfavorable variances.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question and comment comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi, thanks for the time here. I think most of the ground has been covered, but I want to come back and do a couple of things with maybe a little bit of a different angle, if that's okay. First, on the California contract. I appreciate all the clarity of disclosure here, and frankly, really congratulations on getting that done. I wonder, though, if you could talk about that initiative and the extent to which you see more of that initiative popping up in 2021. I mean the logic here, it's pretty obvious. But I'm a little surprised that I haven't seen more headlines of that sort of thing happening. So could you speak to what you see on that front, not necessarily just in the U.S., but globally. Second is, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about, within the context of overall screening, as Derik mentioned, one of your competitors made a lot of comments today. One of the comments they made was that they think next year, as it relates to testing, the market kind of splits half and half between PCR and antigen. I wonder if you could speak to that dynamic. And then I have one follow-up.
Prahlad Singh: Okay. On the first one, Steve, I think it's a good question, right? But there are some other discussions going on, then there are some other partnerships that we have across the globe, which we haven't publicly announced because of our partner's request. So I think alliances such as these, take a larger importance during times of crisis and pandemics like that when states and governments sort of get into action and gear. But I think what these alliances forge are longer term partnerships. And our focus really is on how do we do these, I mean California, as I said in my prepared remarks, right, within eight weeks, we've done what should have taken 18 months. So the focus is really how do we execute flawlessly on these and build on it beyond that. But really, what we are not - our strategic intent is not to become a reference lab, that is not something that is part of our strategy. We are doing this. Because we've got a three decade-old relationship with the state of California, and this is building on that partnership around lab and labs. So I think that's the way I would look at it. To your second question around the split between antigen and R-TPCR. Our belief is that RT-PCR is the gold standard. The level of detection that you get, and especially when you look at our kit with the lowest level of detection, you could think of it from a perspective of moving on beyond a singular test to pooling. And research shows that there's a 10% - 10-fold increase in the level of - limit of detection of a COVID diagnostic test, and it's expected to increase the false negative rate by 13%. So there is data out there that by having an important, highly accurate, sensitive test is going to continue to play a role. Having an antigen test, which is in the high 80s or even if it's early 90s, the impact of false negative, especially for pandemic and flow for infectious diseases that are so contagious, does have an impact. And I think the viral loads may be missed by those assays. Did you have another question?
Steve Beuchaw: Very fair. And then my follow-up actually relates to serology. That's a two-parter. One is, you've talked in the past about giving some clarity on - I don't know if it's multi-pronged is the right term, but a multi-layered approach to serology, where you're looking at residual immunities from a number of different ways. I wonder if you could update your thinking on that? And then I know you've made some comments around timing around the uptake of serology. But could you give any comments around what you think the scale of it might be? I know a lot of us are contemplating the possibility that there's a fair amount of serology uptake within the context of clinical trials. But do you think that it goes beyond that? Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. See, so I think what I've talked earlier about is looking at the immune insight, right? And I think on that, we are looking both at the quantitative antibody testing and a neutralization assay as an example. But the idea really is that investigating T cell responses for cellular immunity, I think we think that it's going to be important. And hopefully, we'll have a couple of COVID-related products in the pipeline that we can talk about more over the next few months. To your second question around how big or what the impact of serology? I think it's - my guess would be as good as yours. And honestly - and the reason I'm saying that is because the crystal ball on that is really based on the impact and how important it being a partner for vaccine vaccination and vaccine will be. So I think it will gain importance and more relevance as we move from where we are today to vaccines and then beyond that for epidemiological testing. That's where I think serology will have the biggest impact.
Steve Beuchaw: I am sure your crystal ball is much, much more sophisticated than mine. But I appreciate all the help. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Doug Schenkel from Cowen. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: Hey guys. So you provided a lot of detail on ways you hope to offset any COVID-19 revenue that proves to not be all that durable in the long term. Thank you for that. I'm hoping we can get a lot more quantitative versus qualitative. If it - how has been for the pandemic? And if we assume that EPS was going to grow at, say, a 12% to 15% annual CAGR, if you use 2019 as a base, you would have been on track to generate about $6 in 2022 earnings. So two simple questions. One, pandemic related revenue were to go away by the end of next year, so at some point in 2021, do you think all the initiatives and relationships that are occurring as a result of COVID-19 would put you in a position to do a lot better than $6 per share in 2022? And secondly, in such a scenario, is there actually a path for you growing earnings in 2022 if the pandemic abates in 2021?
Jamey Mock: So the answer to your question is that, yes, we will definitely benefit from the installed base that we have put in place. If you are asking us to give an estimate on what our EPS is going to be in 2022, Doug, I'm not going to give you that. I don't know...
Doug Schenkel: Yes, of course, I'm not
Jamey Mock: Yes, for a couple of reasons. For our install base, the additional markets that we're playing in, the customer base that we have. But also, we've generated a lot of free cash flow on back to Prahlad's earlier points, we are spending a lot of it on innovation, capital deployment. So I think it increases the flexibility of the company. So I think we were already on that trajectory, but I think this should - to answer your question directly, further boost our ability to at least meet that, if not beat that, for sure.
Doug Schenkel: Okay's. And then second question on free cash flow conversion, 82% in the quarter. I know you've talked about how that is, at least in terms of growth, much, much better than what we've seen for a while. So that's great. All that said, intuitively, I would have thought it would have been a lot higher, given what we're seeing at the operating line. You're generating a ton of revenue without a ton of accompanying operating spend. So could you maybe just walk through the disconnect? And why that number from a conversion standpoint isn't actually higher? And I might be making this up, I thought I heard in your prepared remarks, Jamey that, you actually were expecting that number to go down next year. Did I hear that right? And if I heard it wrong, sorry about that. If I heard it right, why does this trend back down next year?
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. I don't think I said anything about free cash flow going down. So to put 74% into perspective, Dough, we've made a conscious decision, much like we do every year on the non-COVID side to build inventory, but we built $120 million of inventory, which is exactly 25% of our net income. So absent the inventory build to which probably two-thirds of that is COVID related, we would be at 100% free cash flow year-to-date. And - that was because we look at the backlog, and we've got a substantial backlog walking into next quarter. And we think it's the right thing to do to have the COVID products available. And we think that the non-COVID side will see an uptick as well outside of informatics and cannabis. So we think we're in shape. And actually, one more thing, just to further put a point on that. I mean the COVID related free cash flow conversion year-to-date, while it will be wonderful in the future, is actually a drag. So if you think about $0.5 billion of volume, there's still a couple of hundred million and I assume 30 to 60 days payment terms, there's probably a couple of hundred million dollars of that on the balance sheet in terms of receivables. We built $80 million of inventory. So we basically eroded much of the net income on the balance sheet and working capital. But that will prove to be future excess cash and none of this includes the $200 million that we funded to outfit the California lab that we believe we will collect in the fourth quarter.
Doug Schenkel: Which should all benefit to you, Q4 and beyond.
Prahlad Singh: That's right.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. All right. Thanks guys.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over back over to Mr. Singh for any closing remarks.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, operator. Again, thank you for your questions. As I said at the beginning, I'm gratified and I'm proud of the organization and how everyone has valued together. We really feel very confident that we are leading with science, and that is clearly resonating. I have no doubt that we emerged from this crisis as an even stronger company. Thank you for supporting PerkinElmer, and I look forward to providing further updates on our fourth quarterly earnings call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-28 17:00:00) =====
Bryan Kipp: Good afternoon, and welcome to the PerkinElmer Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. With me on todays call are Prahlad Singh, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jamey Mock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until August 11, 2020.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Bryan and good afternoon everyone. To start, I could not be more proud of how we at PerkinElmer have met the obstacles that have faced us the past few months. We have proven to be a resilient, responsive and agile organization. Individually and collectively, we are all being presented with new challenges, big and small every single day. At PerkinElmer, our employees have met these challenges by rallying and responding to a call to action to help during the global pandemic. As I mentioned on our first quarter call, improving lives is in PerkinElmer DNA. It is what impassions our team. The energy and purpose that pervaded throughout the organization during the second quarter was palpable. I felt it daily and I recognize the same passion and the countless number of employees who went above and beyond. Whether through late night, time-sensitive discussions with hospitals, healthcare systems and governments to determine the best way to quickly ramp up COVID-19 testing, rapidly scaling or test kit assembly to fulfill urgent customer needs or personally delivering products to testing sites. PerkinElmer colleagues demonstrated over and over again the very passion, perseverance and purpose that underpins our culture. Our strong second quarter results were truly a team effort and further reinforce the diversity of our business from a portfolio and geographic standpoint.
Jamey Mock: Thanks, Prahlad and good evening, everyone. To start, I hope you are all safe and doing well. I would like to echo Prahlads comments by thanking the global team at PerkinElmer. We have all been through a lot of change over the past 18 months and our team's passion and dedication has been amazing. So a big thank you to everyone. Over the past three months, I spent a disproportionate amount of my time working with our segment leaders, especially within our applied and food businesses, to understand our go-to-market strategy, competitive advantages and future opportunities. We evaluated the product pipeline strategy and profitability of these businesses. And we identified significant opportunities that have me even more excited about the future potential of PerkinElmer. We will be sure to democratize some of those learnings in future discussions with the external community, but I wanted to take the time to reinforce that we have also been making a lot of progress on our non-COVID portfolio, which will position us well for the future. On a related point, given our inability to get together in person due to the current environment, we will postpone our Analyst Day originally planned in September to date to be determined in 2021. That's said we recognized there have been a significant amount of time since our last Analyst Day, and our portfolio has dramatically changed. Given this, our hope is to host virtual webinars, to walk through our end markets and product portfolios over the coming quarters.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore. You may proceed with your question.
Vijay Kumar: Thanks guys for taking my question, and wow, best quarter since 1999 and that came in the midst of a pandemic, congrats and a terrific execution here. Maybe I have two questions, one, on the 3Q guide, Jamey. The non-COVID revenue base, I think the ranges are minus 7% to minus 14%. The base business was down 14% and 2Q I think commentary from your peers would suggest that the base business is improving. So I'm just curious on the assumptions around that minus 7% to 14% particularly at the high end. COVID revenue is $150 million to $200 million, it seems it's sustainable in the 3Q. I'm curious about thats in the 4Q on especially on COVID diagnostics.
Jamey Mock: Great. Thanks for Vijay for the question. First off, obviously it's a very volatile environment. So the pandemic could swing both our COVID and non-COVID revenues, but we've put a lot of time into looking at this and looked at the trends over the last three months, including the first three weeks of July. Looked at our backlog and feel pretty comfortable with both ranges. So I'll address the non-COVID piece. So the minus 14% is similar to last quarter, the second quarter. And while we talked some positive trends, particularly on the recurring side where we see services and consumables up-ticking through the quarter, instruments were a bit more lumpy. But backlog did grow in DAS. But we just think it's prudent that in this scenario  in this timeframe, there could be a scenario where something happens and there's a setback. So while we did see improving trends through the quarter and continue to do so, I think the low end of our range we think is no worse than the second quarter. And if the trends continue, we would get to the minus 7%. On the COVID side, the $150 million to $200 million, inside the $150 million, basically that's just adjusted for serology. So serology was, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, a little over $50 million, and we're planning for that to be under $10 million in the third quarter. And so the difference between $196 million and $150 million is solely serology. And we feel confident as we look at our shipments today and our backlog that RNA extraction and PCR tests will continue. And then if you get to the high end, we're in the midst of a lot of commercial discussions and those commitments could be coming, but the ramp of those and the timing of when they would happen is still influx, but we do show you the opportunity to get to the high end of $200 million. And so that's how we derive the range around COVID revenue.
Vijay Kumar: That's a helpful, Jamey. And then one for Prahlad, thinking about sustainability of trends a couple of comments, you made, Prahlad, in your prepared remarks. I think you mentioned something along the lines of opening new doors, in terms of relationships just given the amount of placements you guys have done on nucleic acid extraction, liquid handling. I'm just curious whether that has any implications for tender wins are going forward. And I think you also mentioned a COVID plus flu combo test. Perhaps, could you address the pricing or how we think about opportunity for this combo test? Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: Thanks, Vijay. I think the way I would address the first question around the extraction kits that I think what has been really good is that the number of installed base has obviously increased significantly this year and that bodes well for the other assays that are coming through the pipeline. Both COVID and also non-COVID related to infectious diseases and others. So I think the longer term as customers get to using our RNA extraction kits and see the benefits that been under magnetic-based solutions provide versus what others provide. Especially, in high throughput labs, we are seeing a lot of attraction and that will, I think, be quite beneficial for us and competitively in the long run. And regards to your question around the pipeline and the flu test, et cetera, the way I would look at it Vijay, is I would sort of demarcate it in two parts. One is workflow solutions around direct testing, and that could be either a flu pack test or a vital deduction pooling or a direct antigen test. And the second one is around immune insights. The ways that we can look at what immune response has come out from the human system and how do we measure that in regards to COVID. So I think whilst too early to opine on the pricing, our focus is that to sort of put as many ways that we can in terms of detecting the disease directly, and also indirectly. And then that's where our focus has been.
Vijay Kumar: I understood. Congrats again, guys, I'll step back in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research. You may proceed with your question.
Steve Willoughby: Hi, thanks. A couple of questions for you, first on a PCR test demand. Prahlad or Jamey, I know things are shifting quickly, when we look back 90 days ago, your 1Q call, it seems like you maybe downplayed the opportunity within PCR. Obviously, it came in much better than expected. Can you maybe just provide a little bit more color on sort of what changed, as it relates to the demand for your PCR test? And then secondly, on PCR, Prahlad, what we look out how are you guys thinking about the sustainability in PCR test demand maybe even beyond the third quarter. And then I have one quick follow-up.
Prahlad Singh: Sure, Steve. I think when we look backed 90 days, the science on the wires was still very evolutionary. And I think, we, along with others, we're still trying to figure out, hey, do we want to focus on the direct testing or was serology more important? And that's when serology came about, there was a large spike in it? And the talk was that maybe this will tell us very quickly what the immune responses and people would get back to work. And I think that sort of played a role, but the long and short of it Steve, that we expect direct testing the direct vital testing to be vital and expect sustained demand for it, not just in 3Q, but at least to the year-end that we look at it. So I don't think direct testing is going to go away anytime soon.
Jamey Mock: I would just add two things, Steve. At the time of our last call, remember, we had not made any shipments yet of PCR at that time. So we were having some import issues at the time. So having the confidence to be able to ship that amount was still in question, I would say. And then the second thing is, I think our workflow is terrific. So when you combine RNA extraction capabilities with our PCR technology and liquid handling, I think that's resonated very well in the marketplace.
Steve Willoughby: So Jamey, with that, then, if you were only shipping the PCR test for, let's say two months out of the quarter and you did, let's call it close to a $100 million in revenue, it seems like the guidance for 3Q as it relates to COVID tailwinds. Are we now assuming the PCR test makes up $150 million or so of that $150 million to $200 million?
Jamey Mock: Yes, that's right. I mean, thats so, I would try to mention in Vijay's question is that serology, which was a little over $50 million, obviously, time and place for serology is going to be in the future. We believe. We'll see. So therefore that demand, we have taken down to less than $10 million and therefore the PCR and RNA extraction technology, which as you said, was, let's say $100 million is much more a bigger portion of the total, $150 million to $200 million.
Steve Willoughby: Got you. The other quick follow-up, I had is just, what are your  what's your outlook or how are you thinking about demand overall in China? And if there's any nuance between different end markets in China in the back half of the year? Thank you, guys.
Jamey Mock: Yes. So China improves sequentially for us. So it was down over 30% in the first quarter and down about 14% in the second quarter. And we had hoped actually that it would get the flat at one point in the quarter here. DAS didnt get to flat and in fact, built a little backlog as well. So we feel good about that diagnostics though went from down 40% roughly down in 20% in the quarter. I think, whether that's the second outbreak in June in Beijing that happened, but we're still not at the utilization levels of having people comfortable with going to the hospitals and clinics, et cetera. It's still not at that a 100% level and hasn't returned to normal. So as we look forward here, we're hoping again, that'll get to flat as soon as possible and perhaps in the third quarter, but what we're planning on in the third quarter is down high-single digits to low-double digits as a whole for overall China. So again, if it gets back to the flats, that'll be upside to our current range. But right now, the way we see it as diagnostics is still a bit challenged, it's probably going to uptake a little bit, but that's what we're currently planning on.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Derik DeBruin with Bank of America. You may proceed with your question.
Derik DeBruin: So Steve just took my China question. So now I got to think, you got to go to the second one here. So the free cash flow guidance going back to 80% to 90% and also I just eat them. I just want to sort of talk about your comments in the opening about having accelerated some programs and things picked up. And I think one of the questions we're all asking is sort of, what does things look like for these businesses that are getting these big COVID tailwinds? When things go back to normal, can you opine a little bit on, how you sort of see margins, the overall impact to margins, post this crisis. And what you need to do to sort of get back to the  what do you do to get to the free cash flow level as you were talking about?
Jamey Mock: Sure. So you want to talk both margins and free cash flow. So margins, obviously, it's an unprecedented quarter we had, strong volume growth we had, great product mix we had, all the productivity programs that we had already been working on largely in services and DAS and EUROIMMUN, and as on top of that, we had great OpEx leverage. And so even though our OpEx was up, it was still a good leverage. So I think in terms of the sustainability of that I think it supports the overall thesis for PerkinElmer long-term that when those things happen, we do have the ability to get to mid-20s to high-20s operating margin business. But certainly this was an unprecedented quarter of margin expansion in the short term, but some of this will remain. I mean, I think we're becoming more efficient. I think the productivity programs are being put in place. I think our volume and mix is changing over time. So it's difficult to say, what it would completely snap back to in the very short term. But I think the long-term, this is proving what the business can be. As it pertains to free cash flow, we had one of our best quarters, again and certainly, our best first half in a long time. And that is, there's a couple of things in there. Our receivables we've been  as you know when we've been talking about, we're making a lot of process improvements on. But we also did have a small benefit with regards to COVID terms. But I think, receivable as progress will continue to happen here over time, even in a normalized environment. You can see that we invested a significant amount in inventory. And I think most half of that it's about our COVID inventory. And we think that having the product ready, which Prahlad mentioned in his prepared remarks that we are tracking our turnaround time, is enabling us to be ready for customers and when customers that need the product immediately. And then the other half, we always have first half built. It's probably a little bit more than normal due to the demand levels, but our non-COVID backlog has increased. So I do think that the second half will our inventory levels should come substantially down. And so, yes, we're still, I think what we were saying, Derik, is that 80% to 90% we're tracking. There's a lot of good underlying progress here on receivables, on our ability to manage our SIOP. It just so happens right now that our inventory is required to be high and to meet our customer's demand, but we're focused on it. And I think we feel confident that we can get to that 85% to 90% range in a couple of years. And if it happens before that, that's great.
Derik DeBruin: Great. And just one follow-up, you mentioned some of the point of care allies antigen test. Are you looking at those as sort of going in with an EUA authorization or and then following up with those, eventually going to a more FDA approved for it. I'm just curious because you haven't historically done things in the infectious disease market in the U.S., from an FDA standpoint and more focused in China. I'm just sort of curious on your longer term strategy, if this is sort of like some shift.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I think COVID specific direct, we continue to actively investigate that as a detection method. I think the key for us, it's very important that the quality of our test should meet at that threshold. And I mean, we would not release a test, that are in the low-80s or somewhere around that. So if we have a test which has got the right relative sensitivity that we would expect it to be, then we would release it specific to COVID. I think longer, we will we have a point of care test strategy in the U.S. that is TBD.
Derik DeBruin: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. You may proceed with your question.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, Jamey, just a clarification on the gross margin comment? Can you quantify how much of the step up was the COVID testing accretion versus the cost cutting measures for 2Q? I didn't hear you quantify that in your response to Derik's question.
Jamey Mock: Yes. So overall mix, Tycho. So we grew gross margins about 600 basis points, and I would say mix made up 85% to 90% of that. So even, it has the mix impact, we expanded gross margin by 50 to 80 basis points, and that was on our productivity programs. But mixed, certainly in a total, not just COVID related, but in total, probably made up 85% to 90% of that increase.
Tycho Peterson: And then on the 3Q outlook, for the non-COVID based business, can you just get a little more color on what you're pitching very big, even an academic recovery, for example, and taking in a sequential improvement. It's just a little bit more color by end market? It might be helpful.
Jamey Mock: Yes, sure. So I think in total in the 7% to 14% range at a high level, we have diagnostics, which was down 20% in the second quarter ex-COVID in a minus 10% to 20% range. And I'll talk about some of the markets and then DAS, which was down 10%, obviously in a minus 5% to 10% range. So let me just hit some of the end markets underneath there. So reproductive health, I think continues to tick up a little bit, so when I think we mentioned that it was down mid-single digits, we're kind of planning on downloads single digits. China utilization particularly on prenatal is not yet at a 100% normalization. So that's reproductive health. Immunodiagnostics and applied genomics down kind of high double digits, I think it'll remain down double digits and that's just a function of when the people feel comfortable coming back to see physicians and hospitals and whatnot. But we expect a little bit of uptick there. Slipping into the DAS side, life sciences, which was down low single digits, we think probably go rose low single digits. In the second quarter, we were buoyed by strong informatics business. Enterprise was flattish and discovery was down. I don't anticipate informatics to be as strong, but I think discovery will pick up. And we're seeing that in some of the consumables business and our backlog and our tenders, as well as the enterprise business has more labs returned. So we expect looking at a lifetime to kind of move from downloads single digits to upload single digits. Again, this is on the high end of our range that is. Applied markets and food, again, was down I think, 20% and on the low end of our range, obviously that remains at that level. And, but we are expecting it to start picking back up. We had a bit of backlog growth, but that, we would expect to pick up, but it would still be down double digits, even in the high end of our range, which is down 7%. But I think the simplest way is down 5% to 10% for DAS and 10% to 20% for DS excluding COVID.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. That's helpful. And then just one for Prahlad on the antigen test. You mentioned I assume that uses some of the lateral flow technology, but can you just talk about the thought process there, we've seen a lot of lower quality antigen tests come into the market. So I'm just curious, why you're entering and how you think about the role of antigen testing versus PCR longer term. Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Tycho, thanks. But I'm not saying that we are going to, I'm saying that we are evaluating it and you're absolutely, right. There are  while we actively investigated the focus for us is that we would only launch it if the quality met our threshold. And Tulip is one aspect from there, we would develop it just like on the rest of our product portfolio, where have every been able to leverage our capabilities from across different sites and companies. We've got competencies and capabilities are on this in China and Europe too. So we would be leveraging. So in the event we would come out, it would only be if we get the sensitivity and specificity levels at the high end.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Arias with Stifel. You may proceed with your question.
Dan Arias: Afternoon, guys. Thanks. Maybe just on the reproductive health side. Obviously its a tough selling environment for your Vanadis franchise right now. But can you just sort of level set us on expectations and then whats going on in Europe? And then just thinking ahead there, where does all of this have the value study with women and infants shaking out? Is that data that can still show up at the end of the year? Or is it best to sort of think of that as a 2021 thing?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. So thanks, Dan. The Vanadis as a program itself it continues to progress very well. The funnel continues to be stronger, obviously COVID has resulted in installation delays. The funnel for us is stronger and the installations generally are being held up right now. In terms of the tests, they continue to run smoothly. And the demand is high. The challenge for us, both in terms of publishing the study and getting the installations are in place, is that the market shift in terms of COVID  I would say, freeze or travel restrictions, et cetera. But I think as it starts to loosen and open up the installations will pick up. I will say that I dont think we expect the installations to be anywhere up to 55 in 2020 as we had projected. But we are very hopeful that as regions open up in Q3 and Q4 that we will be able to fill the pipeline that we have seen.
Dan Arias: Okay. Thanks. And just maybe going back to COVID on serology. For a lot of the data that youre generating suggests that your ELISA assay can be used to provide information on neutralizing antibodies. And then just thinking about commercialization, to what extent are you able to maybe bundle the serology tests? And then maybe some of the other things that youre working on with the PCR test, since its obviously in pretty high demand. It sounds like some of your larger diagnostics competitors, at least on the European side have adopted that strategy. So just curious whether thats something youre able to use to drive volume there.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. To your first question, Dan, I think, in the case of serology, our understanding of the science, as I said earlier, is evolving every day. I think if I were to look in a crystal ball, I would say that we expect the epidemiology studies around serology to continue and for it to provide a better understanding of the immune response. And as vaccines come into play, it will drive broader immune insights testing. And thats where serology will play a larger role. In terms of us being able to put it together, I mean, there are examples as you saw with Sonora Quest, where weve done both serology and PCR testing. So I would say that it is larger customer basis. We are seeing traction around our total solutions, whether its around collection devices or extraction kits, PCR or serology. I think the challenge as of now is that serology is to some extent taken a back seat and most of the focus continues to be on direct virus detection.
Dan Arias: Got it. Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Catherine Schulte with Baird. You may proceed with your question.
Catherine Schulte: Great. Thanks so much for the questions. First, can you just walk us through where you are from a manufacturing capacity standpoint on the serology neurology PCR and extraction kits today? And what are your plans in terms of expanding capacity further as we move through the rest of the year?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. So in all the cases we are highly scalable and our manufacturing multiples of what we have previously disseminated in terms of our capacity. I think this is where the benefit of  the breadth of our capabilities and having a broad geographic footprint in all three parts of the world, whether its in Asia, Europe or North America comes to bear. Weve also put very strong supply redundancies in place. So we are not sort of dependent on any sole suppliers, et cetera, or any particular country or a region. At this point, we do not feel supply to be a constraint. In fact, as you probably  as weve talked about earlier, we put turnaround times on our website and you can live track  its live streaming in terms of our capability to provide turnaround time to our customers.
Catherine Schulte: Okay, great. And then, as we think about  youre getting pretty incredible incremental margins on this COVID testing business. Whats your thought process in terms of letting that drop through versus using that to maybe accelerate some strategic investments?
Jamey Mock: Yes. Catherine, I think we are biased to invest. And so actually some of the spending levels in the first half second quarter are not at the levels by choice. Its a level because, you cant travel or you cant get a third-party service, et cetera. So I think as we look into the second half of the year, we are going to step up our investment in areas like R&D, digital investments as well, so information technology. Theres some pockets of the organization where we want to invest with some additional people. So I think we will continue to spend and probably invest a little bit more than we have been. Of course, well always monitor the outlook. But I think one of our guiding principles has been to emerge from this as a stronger company. And I think were fortunate enough to be able to reinvest back in the business and we plan on doing so.
Prahlad Singh: And especially around R&D, Catherine, I think, some of the investments that we did want to make in the first half of the year we couldnt just because of whether it was travel restrictions or availability of scientists to come to the bench. So I think that definitely  and given the pipeline and the NPI pipeline that we are talking about, thats where we will continue to invest incrementally.
Catherine Schulte: Okay. And maybe just last one for me, going back to Jameys comment on emerging as a stronger company after this. If we step back and think about how part of the strategic rationale around the EUROIMMUN acquisition was really the opportunity to grow its U.S. presence. And it seems like once we emerge from COVID and those tailwinds subside, you should be in a much stronger position from a U.S. adoption perspective than you would have been if COVID had never happened. So is there any way you can help us think about just how much of an accelerator COVID has been in terms of the U.S. adoption of that portfolio longer-term?
Prahlad Singh: So there are three ways to look at it, right? One, Catherine, the way I would look at it in terms of the relationships. So the emerging relationships that we are establishing with those customers that has become significantly stronger, whether its at institutions, such as Mayo or with large reference labs. I think the second aspect is the familiarization with the science aspects of EUROIMMUN, and with the work flow that the team has been doing in Lbeck that has significantly improved. And it has also allowed us to leverage the relationships to provide a peek into our current pipeline of products that are commercially available and also whats coming into the future. As weve talked about earlier, right? Were getting our random access platform Axentis that would be out from your EUROIMMUN hopefully by the end of the year or early 2021 given some COVID restraints. The adoption of that  the barrier for adoption of that is going to be much lower given what we have done around COVID with our customers. So, thats one way sort of to quantify to some extent as to what the benefit of COVID provides longer-term to the company as a whole.
Catherine Schulte: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research. You may proceed with your question.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi, good afternoon and thanks for the time here. Ill ask one for Prahlad, one for Jamey, and then just go back in queue. The one for Prahlad is, if we reflect a little bit on the experience that weve had with serology, some of the learnings for the clinical trial data that weve seen out of some of the vaccine studies, it seems like T cells have gained more and more attention at least in the clinical community. But its not clear to me necessarily how much demand there is for broader, so outside of vaccine clinical trials T cell reactivity assessments. Could you speak to that? And the extent to which outside of clinical trials, those types of assays might be in demand. And then for Jamey, there has been some focus on margins on the call. But can we just jump out, like, and sorry to ask it this far, three and four years, what is the margin trajectory of this company look like relative to what you thought seven or eight months ago? I would imagine theres been some discovery of structural cost savings. And you flagged on the call or in Q&A earlier that theres a path to mid-20s, or maybe even higher margins, which makes a lot of sense on some amount of time. But can you speak to whether you think thats within the next four or five years, or is that a longer-term view? I really appreciate all the help here. Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Let me start with the easier one and then Jamey can take. I think Steve, the aspect around T cell  the T cell response, I think its a little too early to tell in my opinion. I think one would have to look at the total response, whether its humoral or innate response and how to look at it. But the more germane way to think of it is that immune insights are going to be important and thats where sort of we are trying to focus on as to what aspects and what avenues do we need to look at. So I think its something TBD or yet to come.
Jamey Mock: Yes, as for the margins, Steve, its difficult to give an exact target here in three to four years. And we said, wed come out with our Analyst Day. And thats when we were hoping to launch what our outlook is for margin in the next three years. Obviously, as you mentioned, we have had a lot of learnings. So what I would say, without giving an exact number, Id say were even more confident in our margin expansion opportunity. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, how much time weve spent in the analytical and food business and all segments for that matter. But I think the margin expansion value creation opportunity there is substantial. I think it is a three to five-year play, some short-term actions, but certainly over the course of our MPI cadence, what were doing with procurement, what were doing with skew rationalization. I think it will be rather substantial. So, I did mention mid-20s and maybe thats in three to four years. But I dont think we want to sign up for anything at this point. And again, were still learning here, but I would say we are even more confident in that approach.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay. Really appreciate all the color there. Thanks so much. Have a great night.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen. You may proceed with your question.
Doug Schenkel: Hey guys. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple of quick ones. The first is just as a guidance cleanup question. It appears your third quarter guidance implies that you expect operating margin to decline about 300 to 400 basis points, sequentially, despite similar sequential revenue numbers. Could you provide a bit more detail on what drives this? Im guessing its a combination of change in mix and a reflection of some of the opportunistic investment and long-term growth initiatives that you talked about.
Jamey Mock: You nailed. It was about half that. And I think I would expect the gross margin line to come down about 200 basis points sequentially versus the prior quarter. And that is mostly mixed, both non-COVID and COVID. So the non-COVID book coming back up a little and the COVID book coming down a little bit at the midpoint to your point. As well as some sub business mix with a little less informatics in the third quarter versus the second quarter, so half of this probably comes down through the gross margin line. And then youre right, the other half comes in through incremental investments and everything I mentioned to Catherines question in terms of R&D, digital, people continuing to invest and emerge stronger here.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Super helpful. The second one is, and I think this is a Prahlad question. Im just to be willing to provide a bit more detail on your PCR revenue assumptions moving forward. Specifically what Im thinking about here is, one of your peers who also produces non-automated PCR kits, produces  well, theyre driving to produce 10 million tests per week. The automated diagnostic system vendors are expected to wrap manufacturing meaningfully by the next flu season. So just with those two examples in mind, Im just wondering if you could just share a little bit more on how you expect your revenue to evolve over time. Are you expecting to maintain share? Do you expect to gain share? Or is this really just as simple as, youre going to sell as many as you can produce for the foreseeable future?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, I think  let me put it this way, Doug. As of now, our capacity is greater than the demand. And we feel very good about where we are, because what we are realizing that customers arent coming back to us from some of our competitors, because they realize that we provide a full workflow solutions with collection media, extraction kits, extraction units, PCR and fully validated workflows. And I think thats the benefit that we are seeing from our customers. And I think thats where we feel that as we progress and we see sustained demand we are very well pleased with the solution that we bring to direct antigen testing.
Doug Schenkel: Great. Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Brennan with UBS. You may proceed your question.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thanks for that. Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on the quarter. Just wondering if you could share a little insight on the liquid handling, kind of the robotic market. We havent dove in too much there, but obviously youre a leader there and its harder to diligence because, theres not as much information. So just give us a little color on maybe, size of that market, any color on kind of instrument placements in the quarter and kind of how we think about the opportunity going forward for COVID.
Prahlad Singh: It has been particularly strong and especially our JANUS product line has seen a lot of demand in the second quarter. And the ongoing demand continues to be strong. I dont know if you have break it down specifically to product lines around automation.
Jamey Mock: The only thing we said, Dan was that it was up 6x year-over-year here in liquid handling.
Dan Brennan: More color on that Jamey like 6x, I mean how much of the $190 million or so million in the quarter. I know you gave some color on PCR action. But how much was liquid handling of that and kind of how do we think about that implicit in kind of
Jamey Mock: Okay. I think Dan, were trying not to get into exact numbers here to walk through and be able to be off of and whatnot. So I think wed like to keep everybody focused that the overall franchise is doing well and that the diagnostics opportunity across all of our product lines is doing well, so selling together.
Dan Brennan: Got it. Okay. And then maybe just a couple of other related ones, just kind of sticking with COVID if you dont mind. Could you share any insight at all on pricing since its hard for us to back into kind of share a market? And as Doug mentioned, theres a lot of capacity out there, but the revenue contribution really matters. Obviously, the branded players are in the 20s, maybe the less automated players are in the teens. Any help you can give us on PCR pricing and then any color also about OUS, U.S. mix in terms of your PCR and extraction businesses. Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Im happy to tell you that we feel that our RT-PCR and extraction pricing remains consistent. And I think thats the level of detail we want to share. There has been some decline in serology, modest, but its not for us. I think the whole serology market has seen a decline. But I think we want to stay away from getting into specific pricing.
Dan Brennan: And in terms of U.S., OUS is it just follow along your geographic split? Or you kind of having more success in one market or the other?
Prahlad Singh: I think we are seeing success in both markets, both in the U.S., Europe and OUS also in Asia. So we are seeing a broad penetration across countries in all continents.
Dan Brennan: Great. Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Jamey Mock: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to Prahlad Singh for any closing remarks.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you for your questions. Again, Im proud of our entire organization and how everyone has rallied together. Our breadth of capabilities puts us in a unique position to help combat this pandemic. We are focused on leading with science, and that is clearly resonating. I have no doubt, we emerge from this crisis as an even stronger company. Thank you for supporting PerkinElmer. And I look forward to providing further updates on our third quarter earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q1 2020 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today to Mr. Bryan Kipp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Bryan Kipp:
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Bryan, and good evening, everyone. Before I begin my prepared remarks, I want to extend my well wishes to everyone on the call. The world has dramatically changed since our last earnings call, putting every person, country and company to the test. However, times of great uncertainty can also bring great clarity of purpose. Our guiding principles have been fourfold: first, to keep our employees and company safe; second, to utilize our expansive capabilities expansive capabilities to join the fight against COVID-19; third, to serve all our customers with excellence in a difficult environment; and finally, to emerge from this crisis as a stronger company.
Jamey Mock: Thanks, Prahlad, and good evening, everyone. I want to echo Prahlad's well wishes to you and your families, and I want to give additional airtime to employees. I'm extremely proud and humble to be part of the PerkinElmer family. Our colleagues around the world rallied together and worked tirelessly to develop solutions to help stop the spread of this pandemic and get product out the door. As Prahlad mentioned, we are improving and evolving as a company each day, and I have no doubt that we will emerge from this crisis as a stronger company. Before I begin, I want to point everyone's attention to our first quarter earnings call presentation, which has been posted on the Investors section of our website under Financial Information. As always, I plan to begin my prepared remarks by highlighting the first quarter, then I'll provide some additional color on our served end markets and financial metrics. Typically, I end my prepared remarks with updated guidance commentary. However, due to the fact that we withdrew our annual guidance in the earnings press release issued earlier today and the ongoing forecasting challenges associated with the current unique environment, I will not be providing updated full year guidance. Instead, I will provide some context and additional details that will hopefully serve to assist you in your own modeling efforts. And as visibility improves, we hope to provide you with a more substantive update later in the year.
Operator: Thank you, sir.  I show our first question comes from Dan Arias from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Dan Arias: Good afternoon guys. Thanks. Prahlad, on the EUROIMMUN assay, can you just speak to the path for the tests getting into the market in the way that you'd like it to? I mean, the performance of the assay looks pretty good, but obviously, you're up against some big players with big distribution capabilities. So I guess when we think about your comments on test differentiation, your own manufacturing levels, what are your expectations? What are the labs saying on test choice? And then to what extent are you constrained by the number of EUROIMMUN instruments that might be in the market?
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. Thanks, Dan. I think you pointed out some very good things that I think it is good to elaborate on. When we started developing the assay at EUROIMMUN, our focus was around picking something that we would expect to have a high level of specificity. And we focused -- I mean, there were two domains that one could go after, right? Antibodies are produced against the NVS proteins. We focused on the S protein, which, as you probably know and that there are two functional domains, the S1 and the S2. The S1 has a much lower sequencing homology to other coronaviruses, and that means that there is less risk of cross-reactivity than the -- and that's why we focused on that. In terms of availability, I think our capability, as you saw, we got the EUA approval yesterday. And in fact, we had this validated at the FDA's center. So it has been validated by the FDA. In terms of the installed base, the largest antibody study that's going on right now at Beaumont in the country is using our automated workstation. And it can be used on all open-ended workstations, and there are thousands of them in the United States and across the globe. So I think I helped the three questions that you had, right?
Dan Arias: You did. Can I just ask, maybe, a follow-up? I mean the expectations for 2Q. Does that assume that you'll be supply-constrained in any way? And what is the thought process around getting to the point in production where maybe you're building inventory and it's not just about how many tests you can get into the market? Thanks.
Jamey Mock: Yeah, Dan. Hey, it's Jamey. I'll talk about the second quarter guide. So I'm going to leave out DAS and some of the products there, because the bulk of our revenue is going to be tied to diagnostic products. And I'll talk to serology and then PCR and RNA. So, talk a little bit around the current production capability of 2.5 million tests per month right now. We forecast that, that could be as much as $10 million per month by the end of this month. So I think about half of our guidance should come from the serology test, revenue guidance that is. PCR has been limited to date. We've had some restrictions that are now behind us, and product is starting to flow, but we don't anticipate it will be as much as the serology side. And then on the RNA extraction, we just put that into perspective, we've -- our revenue and our volume is up 20x versus last year. And that has been flowing well and will continue to flow, so we're at 3 million extraction tests per month. And so, the PCR and RNA portion should make up about 50% of the revenue as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a good print here relative to peers. I guess, Jamey, back on the 2Q raw guidance. Organic, down 15% to flattish. That's almost in line with one of your peers, Thermo, have they guided through. Maybe talk about what would cause you to come in flattish versus -- and what kind of scenario bakes in the minus 15%, right? And even now, when I look at the COVID contribution here, 8% to 15%, what are you assuming for the low and high-end for the contribution? Thank you.
Jamey Mock: Yeah. Thanks for the kind words, Vijay. So we put a lot of thought into our guide and looked at it in many different ways and have continued to look at it throughout the month of April as well and looking at all the recent trends. So maybe a little bit of elaborating on the 15% to 23% down. So what's different? So on the 15% down, we are assuming a mild reopening in Americas and Europe, and the 23% down assumes no reopening. So you basically just have a little bit of recurring revenue that goes throughout the quarter. The way you get to 0%, is you take the high end of our COVID range. So, obviously, the 15% there, and you add it to the minus 15% on the rest of the book, and that gets you to zero. And then the down 15% is the 23% down on the organic demand, offset by maybe 8% on the COVID revenue. So we had a lot of experience that we looked at in China. I would say, for the most part, that gave us a lot of good information on how the rest of the world will operate with two subtle differences. The first is in immunodiagnostics. Immunodiagnostics makes up a large percentage concentration in China. So it's probably about 35% of China revenue. In the rest of the world that's less than 15%, and that's important, because we saw immunodiagnostics get hit outside of, obviously, EUROIMMUN serology tests that are COVID-related. The second big difference is around reproductive health. So in China, reproductive health was down 40-plus percent. And that's because newborn screening was at 65% utilization versus the historical trends, because people avoided going to hospitals. And prenatal testing was at a 30% level. So we don't anticipate that will happen in the rest of the world. It will still be down some, but we don't think the rest of the world will be as impacted as China was in the first quarter. So again, we've been looking at many different things. We looked at our China experience, we looked at the orders that we've seen through April, we feel very confident in the guide. And so ex-COVID, it's probably down 15% to 23%. The big difference is the reopening in June or not. And then the COVID revenue, I kind of talked through on Dan's question in terms of serology versus PCR versus RNA.
Vijay Kumar: Okay. This is helpful color. Just one maybe on the operational side and free cash flow side. It was quite remarkable on the margin. Just maybe can you walk us through on the cost controls? Is theres something that you guys could increment cost actions after you saw some of the China trends sort of rough? How should we think about the margin trajectory here to your rate, maybe fixed versus the variable cost structure of the business? Thank you.
Jamey Mock: Yeah. So I mean, I think we have a highly variable cost base with numerous levers to pull, and I'll talk about the first quarter in a second here. But just broadly, there's three categories of costs. The biggest portion is labor. And, obviously, we want to protect our workforce. So there's other ways to control that cost, one around hiring freezes, you can have merit increase freezes, you could actually have pay reductions and hour reductions, benefit reductions. So -- but that's one category of cost that we can control. The second is mostly related to products, and that is highly variable. You either have the product or you don't. The only other part that I would put in there is maybe freight, so we work with our customers like that. And then the third part is indirect. So travel and entertainment, third-party services, utilities, supplies, et cetera and that is where we have clamped down significantly. And every dollar is precious right now, and we've raised authority levels to really control that spend. But Id say all three categories are highly variable. So to your point on the first quarter, yes, as soon as we saw China unfolding in February, we started to enact quite a few measures, which helped, obviously. I would also say there's probably a couple of one-timers in there that helped with our cost control. But certainly we enacted several measures. We did not touch our workforce. But overall, that should benefit us heading into the second quarter that we get a full benefit of those cost controls and others, if we want to look at.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Derik De Bruin from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good afternoon.
Prahlad Singh: Hi, Derik.
Derik De Bruin: Hey. So I guess first question, and pardon me, forgive me if I missed this, but your access to labs with the OneSource, are you in -- I'm just sort of curious in terms of what you're seeing in terms of number of lab shutdown. And you're not a big academic and government player, but I'm just sort of wondering what your thoughts are on sort of like colleges, university and spending in that end market? And just market? And just sort of how you are thinking about those markets opening up?
Prahlad Singh: Derik, on the OneSource side, right, I think what we are starting to see that some of the large pharma we are starting to engage and they have started sort of putting plans in place for us to get back. And we've started seeing engagement there. You want to talk about the academia?
Jamey Mock: Yes. I mean the only other thing I'd say on service first is -- I mean the enterprise side, I think is holding in better than just the core service. We do have some access throughout the Americas more so than Europe. But in general, enterprise holds up a little bit better. In terms of academic, luckily, it's a small percentage of our revenue base, but it is down and mostly closed. And I would anticipate that for the most part is closed throughout the entire second quarter guide here.
Prahlad Singh: I mean, even in China, even though some of the academias are coming back, they are still sort of starting to enact safety measures and new ways of working Derik. So, it hasn't really started.
Derik De Bruin: Great. So, this may be an unfair question, but I'm going to ask it anyway. So, apologies in advance. But everybody is benefiting. There's a lot of testing going on. And I think one of the biggest questions we're getting from investors right now is what's the sustainability, like if you sort of look at going -- exiting in Q4 going into 2021, what do you think -- or what are you planning for right now in terms of demand for molecular testing, demand for serology testing? The number one question I'm getting is like, is this something that is sustainable throughout the year from these companies that are benefiting? Is it -- does it fizzle out? Does it last until there's a vaccine? I really appreciate all of your thoughts on the sustainability of this, because obviously, the sustainability has a lot tied to do with like how markets return to normal.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I mean, it's a very -- I'm not going to say it's a fair or unfair question, Derik, but it definitely is a very interesting question that we brew and spend a lot of time thinking. The one benefit that we have is that we've got 13 sites across the globe. And the things that we focus on right now are globe. And the things that we focus on right now are sustainability of supply chain, second level suppliers, redundancy, how do we ensure that if there is an infection at a particular site that there is another site up and running. And that's why you will see that we've got RT-PCR coming in from different sites. There was an issue earlier regarding shipment from China, which is now resolved. But that's where our focus really is on that, how do we have a sustainable, long-term, multi-pronged approach for availability of products from different sites and different regions. And this is where our geographic footprint is coming to floor. We can now manufacture product at different sites that can be used regionally. And I think that's the way we are thinking as we continue to significantly ramp up capability and availability of products over the next several months.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Willoughby: Good evening. Hi everyone. Two things for you. I guess first, Jamey, just so we're all on the same page. The commentary you provided as it relates to the second quarter and EPS of at least $0.65. Just to be clear, in a worst-case scenario situation and organic revenue was down 15%, do you still feel comfortable with that $0.65 number?
Jamey Mock: Yes, that's right. Steve, it ties -- yes, the $0.65 is tied to the low end of our guide or the down 15% overall. Or I think I quoted $610 million of revenue. And I'd encourage you to kind of look at a first quarter 2020 to second quarter 2020 comparison. So in the first quarter, we generated just about $650 million of revenue. So we're down $40 million on the revenue line, but there's a significant mix shift moving forward that we anticipate more COVID-related revenue that gets a gross margin uplift overall. So that helps, overall, offset the volume decline. And then to the earlier question on cost, obviously, we get a full quarter of cost control versus the measures that we enacted in the first quarter. So, overall, we're down $40 million on revenue, but only down $0.02 on EPS, and it does tie to our low end.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And then, secondly, the serology test. It was commented, you're able to make 2.5 million a month right now, but potentially could ramp that up to 10 million by the end of the month. The incremental COVID related revenue that you talked about of 8% to 15% tailwind, is that assuming the 2.5 million run rate or does it also include ramp it up to 10 million for the month of June?
Jamey Mock: No, that includes some kind of ramp, whether it gets to exactly 10 million or not. It's kind of in the range here. But, yes, that assumes it's certainly a ramp from the 2.5 million.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. Thanks very much.
Jamey Mock: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Doug Schenkel: Hey. Good afternoon. I'm going to build off of that last question. And then, I just want to come back to a couple of quick guidance cleanup questions. So, following up on the earlier questions on serology testing. It definitely looks like a very good assay, and you should be commended on moving so quickly. That said, there's now some very high throughput, high-quality solutions available from major automated immunoassay platform companies. Coincidentally, we just did a call this afternoon with the CEO of one of these major companies. And he confirmed pricing per test is well below $10 per test, I think, actually below $5 per test, actually. And he noted that they have an installed base of thousands of instruments that can do tens of thousands of tests per week with plans to produce nearly 100 million tests per month. And that's just one of the big guys. So with that in mind, what's the sweet spot for the EUROIMMUN tests? And how are you going to price relative to Roche, Abbott and the Beckmen's of the world?
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. Hey, Doug, this is Prahlad. I think, the way we -- our focus is on differentiation around the science. That's why, when we went with the S1 spike protein and looking at IgG, if it is proven that IgG does confirm immunity, our IgG test will be more useful than other dual or tri antibody tests. Especially if you're comparing it to an early IgM response or an IgA, I'm not sure it gives full value around immunity if it is proven. And that's why, the way we look at it, having an S1 spike protein, which is developed around mammalian cell line, gives a very high degree of specificity, which is what the same large labs and customers are looking for. And that's why our focus has been, hey, rather than have IgM, IgA, IgG on an end capsid protein, we have got to focus on something that provides a high degree of specificity around the disease immunity. And that's where we are going.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Prahlad, so
Jamey Mock: Yeah. I would just go back to the automation point, too. I mean, there are thousands of systems that are open out there to use our product. In addition, the workstation that EUROIMMUN provides is a high throughput solution, and many companies are picking it up along the way here, Doug.
Doug Schenkel: Yeah, understood. No, again, it's a good assay, and it can run on a lot of platforms. It's just and again, I think there's probably enough demand for almost everything in the near-term. It's just  you look at companies like Roche and their test is IgG, and they're talking about close to 100% specificity, and they got a lot of capacity, and I think they are pricing closer to zero than $10 per share. So that's kind of the root of the question. So the other part of my question was your pricing assumption there. Are you  we've heard you guys are pricing closer to $20. I don't know if that's true. But is there an expected change in pricing moving forward?
Prahlad Singh: That is not the assumption. I'm not sure where you got that number.
Jamey Mock: That's very high, Doug.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, okay. That's great. And then just very quickly on guidance. It appears just given some quick math, and I might be wrong, but it appears you're assuming operating margin in the mid-teens in the second quarter. Is that right? And then is, kind of, the answer to how you get there, just the answer to the last question, just think about what you did in Q1 and think about some rationalization and some improvement in mix, and that's how you get there.
Jamey Mock: You got it. That's right.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, all right. Thanks again. Really appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Thanks for the time here this afternoon. I wanted to ask, first, more of a zoom out strategic planning question. The operating environment that you're contemplating for the next year or so, it's going to be unique in that some of your customers in the government and academic space are going to have to make decisions about how they allocate funds. How do you think about across academic, food, environmental, the big buyers of product that our government affiliated, how they allocate funds and how that might look different relative to 2019 or recent history?
Prahlad Singh: I think, Steve, the way we would look at it, it is dependent on the end market segment that you are looking at, right? That on food, let's just take that as an example, there are certain aspects of food testing and quality that will become more pertinent and important as you look at food supply chain. Around the diagnostics side, you might continue to see funding related to COVID products, at least over the time horizon you are talking of. On the life sciences side, therell be a significant amount of funding moving into infectious diseases. And that's how we are pivoting, whether it's around our informatics business or even as companies ramp up vaccine production capabilities, our OneSource comes into play there. So I think the diversity of our portfolio and our footprint allows us to pivot our offerings and also our competencies based on where the market goes. So, yeah, I mean, that doesn't mean that everything will have an opportunity. There will be some product lines that will see some pressure depending on where funding goes. But I think, hopefully, and fortunately for us, we've got enough irons in the fire that we will be able to address our customers' needs based on the funding.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay. Much appreciate it. And then one for Jamey. I wanted to follow-up on a topic that has some up in Q&A, and it relates to the margin trajectory. I think another way to look at it that might be helpful would be if you could compare and contrast what the margin structure looks like. Feel free to pick whether it's fixed cost, variable cost or whatever you think is the right metric. I think about what it looks like now versus your prior cycles that were challenging, whether it might have been the 2008, 2009 cycle or some of the challenges that all of the space saw in China, maybe in the 13% to 15% range. How is the cost structurally really different such that we should model it different? Thank you.
Jamey Mock: Yes, I mean, I would break it down between the gross margin line and the OpEx line. I think the gross margin line; we have a very different portfolio. So, less instruments drop out than in the past. And so -- and we probably have more recurring revenue that keeps our gross margin line higher during this time period. So, that's kind of the gross margin line. On the OpEx line, Steve, the way I think about it in the downturn is it's a choice. I think most of this -- when you're thinking about incrementals, it's what do you need to invest to grow on the R&D line or in your sales force. I think on the OpEx line, it is more of a choice around what do you want to do with your labor force, what do you want to do with R&D, what do you want to do with your indirects. And like I said before, I think we have a highly variable cost base that can flex pretty well in any environment.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Thanks. Prahlad, you commented on the serology export issue out of China earlier. Are you able to just comment on how much of a headwind that was? And then you also mentioned pre-COVID stocking in the Diagnostics business, can you quantify that?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Tycho, the issue around China earlier was not serology. It was related to RT-PCR. So, I just wanted to clarify that because all the serology comes out of Lbeck in Germany. And even the RT-PCR, it's resolved, both governments have worked very hard to make that and we are very thankful to both the U.S. and Chinese government to help facilitate this to happen. So, that issue has been resolved. And the second question was--
Jamey Mock: I didn't catch it.
Tycho Peterson: Pre-COVID stocking. You called out pre-COVID stocking in your prepared comment.
Jamey Mock: Yes, that's right. Yes. So, as the rest of the world kind of saw what was happening in China, we saw a little bit of stocking both in our EUROIMMUN business, which is why EUROIMMUN's European revenues were up over 30%. We don't think that's a sustainable growth rate. We think it's more in the kind of low double-digits. So, there was probably $4 million, $5 million of stocking in EUROIMMUN. And then in reproductive health, both in Europe, again, I think labs were trying to get ahead of the risks that if they were shut down, they needed some amount of supply. So, reproductive health had $2 million to $3 million of stocking in it as well. That said, there was push-outs as well. So, we -- what I talked about in my script, in my prepared remarks, I said $46 million overall. At a high level, that is solely China. So, the $46 million or $47 million headwind is literally just China, 20% of the business, down over 30% versus up mid-single-digits. There were COVID tailwinds of $19 million; I think I said, which was $11 million of actually COVID product, plus the stocking that I just talked about. But then there was $19 million of push-outs as well. India was probably the most dramatic. So, as the borders of India shut down, we probably lost $7 million or $8 million of revenue at the end of the quarter that we couldn't ship in. But then it also started to hit Europe and Latin America, as well as the Americas at the end of the quarter. So, while most of that is noise, both the COVID had tailwinds from a revenue standpoint, as well as the stocking plus the pushout that all nets out, and really the big picture here is, China was the difference. So, that was about a 7% organic swing for us and that's really the story here.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Knight from Janney. Please go ahead.
Paul Knight: Good evening, Talking to the sensitivity of your EUROIMMUN ELISA test, and obviously, it's -- with the specificity close to 100 as well. I mean, how do you think that is comparing to what is out in the field? It seems strong. But love your color about that data readout on that high sensitivity and specificity.
Prahlad Singh: It's a very good question, Paul. First off, when we look at the various studies that have shown sensitivity, we have seen sensitivity data that's greater than 94%, three weeks post onset, including 100% in our EUA approval data. But I think the point really is, what you are mentioning is, when people talk about these metrics, the reality is that these should be ranges and not discrete. For a true comparison, there are several factors that need to be consistent. The assays being compared are, right now, different. Some are total antibody. And ours, for example, is only IgG. The number of tests performed on each one of them are not consistent. They range from 10 samples tested to 1,000-plus sample. So in a 10 sample study, if you have one sample, that represents 90%. But in a 1,000 sample study, one sample represents 99.9%. So this -- and also the studies are performed at different days post infection. We would expect an antibody response to be much more variable early on and more robust three to four weeks out. More importantly, most of these studies were not independently validated. Ours was validated outside by the FDA. The same cohort of patients are also not used. So in any comparison, you have to use the same cohort. If one of the cohort of patients are on average delayed in antibody response that completely changes these numbers. So, I guess it's a long-winded way of saying, Paul, that it's difficult to make comparison. We believe the best folks to make these comparisons will be independent bodies and the market itself, as our customers are intimately aware of all these points. Done on the trends, and frankly, in a lot of cases, they have already spoken, both to us and outside in terms of their preference for a highly specific IgG based test.
Paul Knight: Okay. Thank you. Thats the -- it just seems like well above typical readouts we've been seeing. And then the last question would be, when the analytical instruments part of the business, do you think that some sectors like energy are permanently impaired and you're having to rethink about what a growth rate is in that particular -- so those niche markets out there?
Jamey Mock: Yeah, Paul, I'm not sure. I mean, I think certainly, if you put in the E&P producers for oil and gas firms, that's obviously troubled by low oil prices. But if you take chemicals and energy broadly, a lot of companies can actually benefit from a low oil price. So if you think about plastics or reusable bags, in this environment, nobody can use it until you have to produce more. So actually, chemical and energy, which might make up about 40% to 50% of our industrial business, actually hand in -- held in there pretty well in the first quarter. So I don't think -- I think it depends on the mix within chemicals and energy. But, obviously, I think, yeah, there is going to be some trouble with maybe some of the E&P firms.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from Brandon Couillard from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Brandon Couillard: Hey thanks. Jamey, you mentioned operating cash flow is pretty good, especially for first quarter of the year. Could you speak to how you're managing working capital in this environment? Are you extending payment terms at all? And have you revised through your CapEx plans for the year?
Jamey Mock: Hey, Brandon, yeah. So, yeah, we were quite encouraged by the first quarter progress here. In all categories, I think CapEx is relatively flat, but that's kind of was our operating assumption coming into the year, and that's what you saw in the first quarter here. In terms of inventory, we always have a first quarter build, and the only thing that was a little bit accelerate or accentuate that, I should say, this quarter because we had about $40 million or $50 million of volume drop out of it. So we'll adjust our plans and recover there. But I think to your point, the biggest point is around receivables, where we've been putting in a lot of work, particularly on the process side in terms of invoicing accuracy, working with customers, et cetera. To the question as to whether we're seeing customers who want to extend terms, the answer is yes, and were working with a handful of high-quality customers. But I don't think it's a very long -- I don't think that will last for a long time. We worked with a few in China; but overall, past dues are in good shape here.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks for clarification. I believe you said in your prepared remarks, mask orders in March were down 20%. Was that specifically for applied and
Jamey Mock: Yeah. That was specifically for applied. Yes. Yes, that was 20% down specific to applied markets.
Brandon Couillard: Okay. In case you can speak to DAS overall for either March or April, perhaps?
Jamey Mock: Yeah. I mean, I think, in general, if you think about this down 15% to 23%, there are three areas that I think will hang in on the better side, and that will be life sciences, reproductive health and applied genomics. And I think three areas that will be on the tougher side, which is applied markets, which is why I commented on it. Food in the core immunodiagnostics business, excluding, obviously, what EUROIMMUN does with serology. So I won't give exact ranges, but you can imagine life sciences, which makes up over 50% of the DAS business was better than down 20% in March.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our last question comes from Catherine Schulte from Baird. Please go ahead.
Catherine Schulte: Hi, guys. Thanks for the question, and thanks for all you and your team are doing to help combat this virus. I guess, first on immunodiagnostics, you talked down 30% in China in the first quarter. What has the recovery look like in that business so far? And how long do you think it takes to return to growth there?
Jamey Mock: Thanks for the question, Catherine. Hope you're doing well. So yeah, the immunodiagnostics actually in China was over 40% down in the first quarter. I'd say it's back  it's not normal levels. Our immunodiagnostics business is growing mid-teens in China. It is not back to those levels. But basically, the way I will answer that question is we're assuming flattish growth in the second quarter in China and APAC. And I think immunodiagnostics is kind of back to similar levels.
Catherine Schulte: Okay. And then you talked about -- you talked about developing a rapid lateral flow test in China and India. Is that something you plan on bringing to the U.S. or Europe? Or is that more of an emerging marketplace?
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. So Catherine, this is Prahlad. On the lateral flow, which we've received approval for in India, right now, India is not allowing export of any COVID-related products out of the country. So that's going to be focused more from an emerging marketplace. The other work that we have ongoing in Taicang and in Beijing, that probably upon development we might bring to the markets outside of China.
Catherine Schulte: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our Q&A session. At this time, Id like to turn the call back to Mr. Prahlad Singh, President and CEO, for closing remarks. Please go ahead, sir.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, operator. Thank you all for your questions. Again, I'm proud of our entire organization and how everyone has rated together over the past few months. We delivered very good first quarter results despite the macro uncertainty, and our improved liquidity profile should better position the company in the months ahead. While there are still a lot of unknowns, the breadth of our capabilities puts us in a unique position to help combat this pandemic. We are leading with science and that is clearly resonating. I have no doubt we emerge from this crisis an even stronger company. Thank you for supporting PerkinElmer, and I look forward to providing further updates on our second quarter earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2019 PerkinElmers Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that todays conference may be recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Bryan Kipp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Bryan Kipp: Thanks, Catherine. Good afternoon, and welcome to the PerkinElmer fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings conference call. With me on the call are Prahlad Singh, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jamey Mock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note, this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until February 10, 2020.  Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Statements or comments made on this call may be forward-looking statements, which may include, but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested by any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So, you should not rely on any of the today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I am now pleased to introduce the President and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Prahlad Singh. Prahlad?
Prahlad Singh: Thank you, Bryan, and good evening, everyone. I'm pleased to report that PerkinElmer had a strong finish to 2019 with reported revenue in the fourth quarter increasing 6% year-over-year and adjusted earnings per share growing 14%, beating both the top and bottom line of our previous guidance. Our revenue in the fourth quarter was $806 million representing organic growth of 5%, and our adjusted earnings per share was $1.35.
Jamey Mock: Thanks a lot and good evening, everyone. Before I start, I want to point everyone's attention to our fourth quarter earnings call presentation, which has been posted on the Investor section of our website under Financial Information. The goal of this document is to drive additional transparency and simplicity around the Company and our quarterly performance.
Operator:  And our first question comes from Catherine Schulte with Baird. 
Catherine Schulte: Hey, guys. Thanks for the questions. I just wanted to go back to that first quarter guide. If we back out the extra week, I think the first quarter comes in closer to 3.5% to 4%, despite having a fairly easy comp with the government shutdown we saw last year. So, could you just walk us through the pluses and minuses off of what you think a normalized growth rate should look like in that first quarter?
Jamey Mock: Yes. Thanks, Catherine. I'll take this one. So, I think, if you back out the extra week, it's more like 4% to 4.5% in the first quarter, which is down versus everything -- every quarter in the year 2019 we reported 5% organic growth. So, it's a similar comp throughout the year. I think, there's two things largely that are affecting us in the first quarter. First is genomic testing. If you remember 2019, we started off very high, particularly in the sequencing part of that business. And so that had a great first half and a little bit softer second half due to the consolidation. We expect that to continue into the first quarter, so that probably half a point of organic growth by itself, what we're planning on in the first quarter here. And the second area is applied genomics. Similarly, when I mentioned on robotics and automated workstations that had a stronger first half, weaker second half, we're expecting that to continue into the first half here. And so, those two things really are the only difference between our 5% organic run rate that we saw throughout the year, including the fourth quarter and walking into the first quarter here.
Catherine Schulte: Okay. And on that applied genomics business, we've seen a number of data points suggesting that DTC microarray industry will continue to have some meaningful headwinds this year. I know you have some exposure there. So, how do you think about that business returning to better growth?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Catherine, this is Prahlad. So, I think our exposure to the DTC market is not much. Most of our relationships there are pharma and on the newborn screening side. The thing that we're just going through is the consolidation piece that we -- as we pointed out earlier, by the end of Q1 that should be resolved. So, we don't -- we, at this point, don't see that as our exposure to DTC is not too much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Arias with Stifel. Your line is open. 
Dan Arias: Maybe just on Vanadis since Prahlad touched on it and we were just out there. What kind of revenues are you thinking that the placements and utilization will yield for 2020? And then along those lines, can you just sort of talk to the visibility that you have when you think about the labs that will get you there? Is there a volume trajectory that you feel confident about at this point, or is it still kind of fluid in terms of what the ramp will look like?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Dan, in fact, as a matter of fact, we have a very heavy funnel and we are actually in the -- currently in the process of shipping and installing several systems. As we said earlier and I have is, our focus right now continues to be that the earlier adopters have a flawless experience. If you just look at what I pointed out earlier, 50 to 55 installations, Dan. We placed 10 systems in 2018, 18 systems in 2019 and the implied range between 22 to 27 in 2020. So, from our perspective, we think installations are an important metric to track early on in the products lifecycle. But, in the end, eventually as I've said, our goal is to democratize Vanadis NIPT. So, that's where we are focusing. And also with the NIPT PLA code, that gives us several advantages in the U.S., once that is issued. So, from a priority perspective, we are looking at the number of installations, getting the clinical data out and working on the PLA code.
Dan Arias: Okay. So, it sounds like that's a TBD on the forecast for Vanadis?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. I think from a revenue perspective, our guidance will be to continue to monitor the number of installations.
Dan Arias: Okay. And then, just secondly, Jamey, if I just think about the top-line guide, and I take out the half point or so that you're getting from the extra week, that's 5% organic at the midpoint, which is in line with 2019, which is a year where you had some organizational issues, and then either one-off or maybe somewhat unlikely to repeat elements. And then, I think at the end of this year, you should also be getting a little bit of juice from Meizheng. So, I guess, how much of the outlook for 2020 on the organic side is conservatism to start the year versus maybe something that's underappreciated about either the DX ramp or the factors that are at play in DAS?
Jamey Mock: Yes, good question. So, I mean, maybe we just kind of talked through the end markets here, Dan. So, I would say where we have a little bit of incremental caution is around life sciences and immunodiagnostics. So, its immunodiagnostics. Obviously, EUROIMMUN leads the way there. They have been mid-teens for quite some time. But, I think we're pretty consistent in saying that we're going to model them at 12% organic growth. So, I think we expect a little bit of downtick there. Life sciences, I don't think we've seen anything, but funding levels have remained very strong. And so, we're hopeful that it continues, but I'd say there's probably more downside than there is the upside. So, Id say, that's where we're cautionary. Conversely, if you look at food and applied genomics, food is what we talked about in terms of some kind of rebound in the core and we had at least one data point here in the fourth quarter, should provide some upside. Offsetting that, I don't anticipate cannabis being as large and incremental contributor this year. So, those kind of offset a little bit there. And then applied genomics, once we get through the first half, we'll see how it's going, but hopefully that has a little bit of easier competition this year -- comp as well in the second half here. So, overall, to answer your question, probably a little bit cautious in life sciences, immunodiagnostics, maybe a little bit upside in food and applied genomics, the others pretty steady.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik DeBruin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik DeBruin: So, a couple of questions. I think, the first one, did -- I think some companies, but maybe you don't have as much exposure here, but I think some companies were flagging that they didn't expect a significant budget flush during the fourth quarter from some of the customers as in prior years. So, I'm just wondering what you saw in terms of incremental spending and just sort of what was sort of like the year-end budget activity.
Jamey Mock: Yes. It's always difficult to tell, Derik, but I don't think we saw much. In terms of life sciences, actually it was a little soft in the Americas in the fourth quarter. Applied markets hung in there in the fourth quarter. So, maybe there's a little bit off there. But Id say, it's difficult to tell and overall nothing out of the ordinary here.
Derik DeBruin: Okay. And just on the China, I appreciate the comments on the coronavirus. We've been getting some questions today, just given that you do have an infectious disease testing business that you've got. I think, people are  wondering, would you -- are you testing for it, are you going to see potentially any incremental headway to sales into your diagnostics products to potentially offset some of the headwinds you were referring to?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. And maybe I'll take that. So, Derik, we are in the process of developing a PCR and an antibody assay. PCR is generally a frontline assay during an outbreak, and we are making strides. But, we do have to take it through the CFDA, which is now the NMPA approval process. And they are working with us and with the several other entities to get a frontline testing assay out. Again, most of the focus right now is doing it more from a CSR perspective, just to make sure that we have an assay that we can use for testing. What's the commercial impact of that, I would say at this point is unknown.
Derik DeBruin: And Jamey, if I can squeeze one more in. So, if you adjust the extra week, about 105, 110 basis points of implied op margin expansion in 2020. I guess, is that a -- I mean, how sustainable is that sort of like 100 basis points number on a go-forward basis? I mean, is there incremental -- I mean, you're sort of at your 22ish percent operating margin targets you put out there a few years ago. Is there upside to that number?
Jamey Mock: Yes. I mean, like we've been saying, we see a lot of room for continued expansion and profitability here. And I don't think 22% was ever a stopping point. We see that ultimately over time getting up into the mid-20s. How much can be done in the year 2020? We think, 100 basis points ex the extra week is pretty healthy clip coming off 170 in 2019. To your point, I mean, we guided in 2019 120 to 150 and ended up beating that at 170. So, could there be upside to the 80 basis points that we're guiding? Sure. But, I think we're more focused on long term and putting programs in place to get this to the mid-20s.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Jamey, if I could just touch on the margin question. Extra week incremental revenues, can you walk us, like what why margins would be down? I would have thought the extra revenues benefited margins?
Jamey Mock: Yes. Youre talking for the quarter, Vijay, or for the year?
Vijay Kumar: Quarter and for the year; Im just curious why incremental revenues have lower margins? 
Jamey Mock: Yes. So, if you look at Vijay, the -- and we tried to lay this out in our earnings presentation, the exact numbers. So, we feel like the extra week will provide 10 to $15 million of additional revenue, which is not what we experienced, if you just take our total year and divide it by 52 weeks. But, we think that that's the right amount of extra revenue coming into the year. However, if you look at the expenses for an next week, that more than offset that amount of gross margin. So, if you take 10 to $15 million, you get 50% roughly thereabout gross margin, then you add an extra week of operating expenses and an extra week of interest expense, it's actually dilutive to the year. Like I said, we tried to lay that out, both for the quarter and for the year on that last page in the earnings presentation.
Vijay Kumar: Got you. And then, maybe just a follow-up on that theme, the extra math. One on Vanadis, is there -- are you guys in a position to compete for tenders in Europe? And related to that extra week, the $10 million to $15 million is sub 50 basis points on the topline. Shouldn't it be just -- if you did week or 53, something higher than what they implied on the extra week as?
Jamey Mock: Let me start with the extra week and then Prahlad is going to jump in on Vanadis here. So, we think most of our customers, and we actually saw this back in 2015, operate on a calendar year, so, January 1st to December 31st. And if you look at where the extra days in this year fall, they fall in the fringes. So, take this quarter, for example. December 31st and 31st for 2019 actually fall in this fiscal year 2020, but we think that the revenue from that is mostly going to be spent in the 2019 and therefore was recorded in our 2019 revenue. So, once you back out a couple of those days, you get down to, let's say 3 more days. And a lot of that is CapEx, some of that is scheduled professional services. So, not just a daily run rate. And so, therefore, you get down to some recurring revenues that are we believe in the 10% to 15% range, which ends up being 1.5% to 2%, which was very -- for the third quarter of 2015, we actually said that it was 2% impact to our organic growth. So, its kind of a similar operating assumption here.
Prahlad Singh: Vijay, for the first part of your question, yes, we can and are starting to participate in tenders in Europe.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, Prahlad. And just to be clear, the guidance has no assumptions around any potential wins in Europe on Vanadis?
Prahlad Singh: Well, I think, what we are assuming basically is 22 to 27 installations. So, some of it is in Europe, some is in Asia and some is in the U.S. We are not sort of focusing on which particular tender, Vijay, we could win or which we wouldn't win.
Jamey Mock: But, there will be some CapEx revenue in our year guidance as well as some sample ramp as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for the time here. I was hoping first, you could unpack your thought process around reproductive in the 2020 guidance. Birthrates particularly in China were a headwind there in 2019. So, what do you expect for broader growth in that category? And are you thinking about the birthrate dynamic prospectively?
Jamey Mock: Yes. I think, overall, we think reproductive health ticks up a little bit. So, we've got Vanadis that should kick in some, genomics testing that gets reported in there that should kick in some. I don't -- we are not anticipating any good news on birthrates. We think we've continued to see significant issues, particularly in China. We expect that to continue. We have a lot of good APAC expansion that I mentioned earlier in my prepared remarks around the Philippines and Japan and Vietnam. So, that has a little pressure. So, net-net, there is probably a little bit of upside to reproductive health year-over-year. But, we're definitely planning on birthrates impacting us, and we'll see where geographic expansion gets us.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay. And then, not just for 2020, but maybe even with a medium term bend. I wonder if you could speak for a minute about cannabis. You mentioned that the growth impact for cannabis in 2020 you expect to be somewhat smaller than it was in 2019. Can you put any numbers around that? And is that, market is just somewhat matured, or is there a competitive dynamic? Why would that be slower growth after a big 2019? Thanks.
Jamey Mock: Yes. I mean, cannabis this year performed extremely well. We're thrilled with the team, the solution that we bring. Pralhad mentioned that it was $26 million in revenue, which was off a $10 million base. That kind of incremental contributor is difficult to predict. And we are not banking on that in this guidance. We expect it to go up still at a double-digit rate, but to go up another $16 million just feels like a significant planning assumption that we're not. It could happen, but that's not what we're banking on right now. So, the market still seems great. We'll see how it states for a while. I think there's couple more that'll come on line in 2020. But, I don't think we're going to bank on that kind of incremental contributor this year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. Sorry to go back to the 1Q guide. But, you mentioned backing out the extra week you guess would have grown 9% to 12%, $0.75 to $0.77. That's still below consensus. I would have thought with the recent reorganization efforts, you would have at least been able to guide to consensus. So, can you talk about if there are other offsets other than the extra week that are kind of weighing on EPS in the first quarter?
Jamey Mock: Yes. I mean, -- hey, Tycho. So, in general, there is probably a little bit of mix difference in the gross margin line versus what we kind of exited the last end of the year on as well as on the operating margin line. There's a little bit of comp timing year-over-year, as well as some investments we're making in our growth accelerators in terms of Vanadis and cannabis, et cetera to kind of set up the year. So, overall, we think we'd be up about 40 basis points in the quarter, excluding the extra week. And that continues the uptick throughout the year here.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then, a couple of quick clean-ups. It sounds like the Vanadis installed base went down, it was 19 last quarter and now you're saying 18. Was there something, did the customer return or why did it go down?
Prahlad Singh: Tycho, it's 28. So, till the end of the third quarter, we were 19, and that went to 28.
Jamey Mock: Maybe, Tycho, what we were saying was in 2018, we delivered 10 systems. In 2019, we added 18 systems to get to 28. Next year, we're guiding somewhere in the 22 to 27. So, were taking a methodical approach to increase our placements every year and be prudent on how we roll out these systems.
Tycho Peterson: All right. And then, on EUROIMMUN, mid-teens in the fourth quarter, you made a comment that that's maybe not sustainable and we should be back to thinking 12% maybe 13%. What -- was there something in the fourth quarter that allowed us to overshoot to the upside?
Jamey Mock: No, no. I mean, look, we hope that it's mid-teens. I think, we've been consistent in saying that we're going to budget a year at 12% going forward. That's what we planned in initial deal model. Throughout the first two years of having EUROIMMUN in the PerkinElmer family, it's grown mid-teens both years, maybe it does again. So, we've always been consistent in saying, we'd like to plan this at about 12%, based upon terrific product introductions, geographic expansion, including the U.S. And we just think 12% is a good operating assumption.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then, just one last quick one on the genomics, the automation. It sounds like you're going to recapture half of it in the first quarter. Was that in line with your original expectation or were you expecting to recapture most of that in the fourth quarter?
Jamey Mock: No, not as much. Actually, Tycho, we're expecting that to persist into the first quarter. So, some of the pressure we saw in the second half of 2019, we're expecting to persist. We keep seeing things push to the right here from a demand perspective, and we're not banking on that that will change in the first half year. Naturally, when you get to the second half, you get a different comp. If it's better than that, we're happy. But right now, our operating assumption is that we're going to continue on with the growth rates we saw in the second half of 2019 into the first half of 2020.
Operator: And our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Maybe just building on Tycho's question on EUROIMMUN. Can you just talk through how sensitive that business is to the China hospital volume? And then, maybe just give us some color on what kind of the volume per day looks like on the growth there?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Patrick, I think it'll be difficult to give a volume per day. I think, as Jamey pointed out in his remarks, given the evolving situation right now, all we're doing is highlighting the coronavirus thing. You don't know what the impact of that will be. It all depends on how it plays out over the next few days or weeks. I think, the point that Jamey made to Tycho's earlier question is that EUROIMMUN has done better than what we have forecasted in the deal model, which has been 12% over the past couple of years. And we hope that it continues to do that way. From our forecasting perspective, we have modeled it at 12%.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. And then, maybe Jamey, just on the cash flow, I appreciate the 75% to 80% conversion guidance. Can you just talk about some internal initiatives you guys are focused on there? I know you had some headwinds around receivables and inventory, kind of extended out some agreement terms. Can you talk about the trends you're expecting in 2020 there, the focus points?
Jamey Mock: Yes, sure. Thanks, Patrick. So, I mean, we've learned a lot about cash flow over the last year here. And we've made some progress, not where we wanted it to go to, but definitely some uptick. The 2020 operating assumption is that working capital turns are basically static, unlike the last couple of years, where we've actually been reducing our working capital turns, and it's been a headwind. So, there's internal processes around things like billing and invoice accuracy and timeliness and collection efforts, et cetera. But really, when you look at receivables, it's in three or four different business models. And we expect some of that to somewhat plateau in 2020. We've seen terms changing, particularly in China and some of the emerging markets that are much more developed now. Informatics, we've started to sell subscriptions on a three-year basis, a couple years ago. So, we should expect some more cash from that. Cannabis, we've been leaning into a little bit here. So, the fundamental -- embedded in this 75% to 80% is basically static from an efficiency standpoint, which will be great. Hopefully, there's upside. And certainly over the next couple years, we'll drive that. The second thing I'd say is around capital expenditures. So, capital expenditures downtick I think about 20% this year. We didn't repeat some of the investments in genomics, and we've been kind of monitoring EUROIMMUN. I would say over the next couple of years, there are two remaining areas that require capital expansion. That's EUROIMMUN in China; we're building out a facility there. And then, our Tulip business in India is growing extremely well. And weve got to increase some of the facilities space there. But after that, I don't think we see a lot of capital expansion. So, we've kind of reduced it a little bit here. It'll be static for a little while. And then, hopefully, that downticks over time.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: I'm just going to ask three quick ones, and then get back into the queue because  just Im on the train. And I don't want to have too much background noise. So first, following up on Patricks question, has there been or is there any formal change to plan for incentive comp as it relates to free cash flow conversion? Second, what assumptions for growth by geography are embedded into revenue growth guidance for the year? And three, what are your capital deployment priorities for the year? Do you have a target in terms of capital you intend to deploy? And whats the mix you expect between share repurchases and M&A? Thank you.
Jamey Mock: Yes, sure. So, I didn't catch the second one, but I'll answer the other two and then ask you to repeat that one, Doug. So, incentive comp is now in all of our financial plans. Free cash -- or sorry, free cash flow is now in our incentive comp plans. So, that answers that question. From a capital deployment perspective, we continue to remain acquisition first from a priority standpoint. And so, I think, if you look at the last couple of years, we did four acquisitions in 18, four acquisitions in 19. We always look at a healthy pipeline. I think, you can expect us to be active there. The dollar amount might fluctuate, but I think that's still our priority here from a capital deployment. We ended leverage a little bit down versus the end of last year and our liquidity is much stronger after refinancing. And then, in terms where, it's always been pretty consistent. I think, we're primarily focused on diagnostics and life sciences. And I think that's it. And you cut out on the second question there, Doug. What was the second question?
Doug Schenkel: Yes. Sorry about that, Jamey. What are your assumptions for growth by geography, in terms of what you embedded into revenue growth guidance for the year?
Jamey Mock: Yes. Good question. So, basically, we're pretty much mid-single-digit across the board. If you look at Americas and APAC, that's been mid-single-digits all 2019. Europe was low-single-digits. We expect the Vanadis kind of revenue to clip that over into maybe the mid-single-digits reign, I call it a weaker mid-single-digits. So, pretty consistent across the board and pretty consistent with what we saw in 2019.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: I wanted to start, maybe move back to DAS. I was curious what you're seeing from your industrial customers, what that grew in the fourth quarter. And just given the current state of the macro, what the 2020 guidance assumes there in terms of progression?
Prahlad Singh: So, I think, talk about 4Q to start with, Jamey.
Jamey Mock: Yes. 4Q was flat, consistent with where it's been most of the year, Jack.
Jack Meehan : And then, for 2020?
Jamey Mock: We expect no change. Industrial environmental has been remarkably consistent for us, pretty flat throughout the entire year. And I think that's our operating assumption going into 2020.
Jack Meehan: And then, back on the diagnostics business, I wanted to follow up on the genetic testing lab, just marking the market. What was the final contribution for 2019? What does the guidance assume for 2020 contribution? And given the pace of the transition, is there any additional timing dynamic there, assuming for the first quarter as well?
Jamey Mock: Yes. So, 2019 genomics testing did extremely well. Obviously, it was much stronger in the first half than the second half; it was probably a little under $20 million in total. In terms of 2020, I think we'd rather not give the specific guidance here, but you can expect that it's going to grow substantially. And, in terms of the cadence through the year, I mentioned in my earlier remarks that the first quarter will continue to be challenged, because the consolidation is not supposed to happen till the -- well, its happening right now, and the real road block there is hiring. We feel good about it, but sometimes it can take two or three months to onboard people in that space. And so, we feel like the second quarter is when we'll start to ramp back up again. And so overall, we expect another healthy incremental growth driver from genomics testing in 2020.
Jack Meehan: Great. If I could squeeze in one more, what were the individual contributions from Meizheng and Cisbio? The acquired growth in DAS was a little bit higher than what we looking for. Was there anything outsized that contributed in the quarter?
Jamey Mock: No, not really, no. Cisbio and Meizheng both continued to do well. I think, we said Meizheng has been growing into the 20% plus range and it continues to perform well. We got I think 11 out of 13 weeks or something in the quarter from them. And Cisbio has been double digit all year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brandon Couillard: Hey, Prahlad. I was curious if you could just touch on the services business for a minute. I know you did some restructuring there in the third quarter. Just curious what your outlook is for the OneSource business, specifically enterprise services as look into 20?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, Brendan. I think, in terms of the services business, we did some restructuring, as youve seen. This was again with the implementation of ServiceMax. We continued to sort of see productivity coming out of there. I think, as we look forward, we are in a good position for 2020, and we expect to win some tenders. And I think, as you said, it will continue to be a high single digit growth business for us.
Brandon Couillard: I see. And one just for Jamey on the tax rate ticking up a little bit this year. Is there anything specific behind that or just added level of conservatism sort of embedded for the tax rate?
Jamey Mock: No. Yes. Its good question, Brandon. It had gotten down to about 14% in 2018. We guided 16% for the year, and came in at 15%. So, there is a little natural uptick in tax. I think, if you look at where we are growing, you look at EUROIMMUN, you at Informatics, Enterprise, a lot of those areas are higher tax jurisdictions. So, therefore, we do anticipate that to go up a little. And then, the offset to that which is difficult to forecast are some of the discrete items. We always have tax planning items, we had a lot in 2019, which basically brought us from the 16% down to 15%. But there is a little natural upward pressure there that makes us think that 16% is the right number. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Leonard with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. A couple of things. One, Prahlad, you teased us with some potential proof points coming in 2020 as a result of the combined efforts of the organization? Are these - whether they be new product introductions or service efforts or what have, are these things that would have an impact in 2020 or are these things that would build and have a further impact in 2021 and beyond?
Prahlad Singh: I think, we started seeing some of the benefits already, as I pointed out the whole cannabis workflow solutions that we have seen. There have been other examples of where weve combined our sample prep business from the applied genomics sides with reagents from our life sciences business. So, we've started to seeing proof points of this. And I don't think it's going to be a discreet 2020 item. It will continue to be ongoing. And we expect to see more synergistic opportunities coming out of this.
Dan Leonard: Okay. And then, secondly, can you walk me through your strategies to go from -- you mentioned the PLA code. Can you walk through your strategy to go from that PLA code to getting that code included in medical coverage policies for NIPT?
Prahlad Singh: I think, just getting the code offers us the advantage that as a manufacturer we can negotiate reimbursement rates directly with peers and direct billing on a methodology that would be specific to Vanadis NIPT. And that hopefully offers better reimbursement rate for the laboratories. And also additionally, we can bill insurance without any risk of incorrect coding. So, I think, that's the level I want to share just given the competitive situations and for commercial reasons. But at this point really what I would say is that we're really excited about EMA's acceptance of our PLA code that came in at the end of December. And right now, we are all hands on to ensure that the submissions get in time and we get the code in hand.
Dan Leonard: Okay. Thank you. And then just final clean-up for Jamey. Jamey, what was the China growth rate in Q4? Was it consistent with the mid-single-digits of APAC or was it higher or lower than that?
Jamey Mock: Consistent with APAC, Dan.
Dan Leonard: Thank you.
Jamey Mock: No problem.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a question from Paul Knight with Janney Montgomery. Your line is open.
Paul Knight: Thanks for the time. I know the product portfolio has clearly benefited from cannabis and food safety testing. Is there any goal you would have or point on the R&D that you want to spend this year? Is it increasing faster than revenue, and what are the some of the areas you would like to develop further?
Jamey Mock : Yes, Paul. Overall, R&D if you look at it in 2019, we actually saw a little bit of efficiency, and that was related to some of the organizational restructuring. We want that to be ticking up a little bit over time. And so, what's embedded in this guidance is kind of a constant R&D as a percent of sales, if anything, maybe a little bit of uptick. You mentioned cannabis and food, that's one of the areas that we're increasing some of our budgets. And I think in general, we're putting a little bit more resources between, behind life sciences, diagnostics and food. And I think you can expect that R&D as a percent of revenue will be at least flat, if not up a little bit this year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Brennan with UBS. Your line is open.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thanks for the questions. So, Jamey or Prahlad, just wondering for DAS, I don't know if you guys broke out exactly what's baked in for 2020 guidance overall. And then, maybe within that I know you touched on client environment. But can you break down a little bit food and biopharma, both were solid in this quarter. Kind of whats baked in going forward and what's -- kind of where is the outlook?
Jamey Mock: Yes. I think we're optimistic that that upticks here. And maybe it's a point or point a half. If you look at food, I mentioned it earlier. I mean, we expect some kind of rebound in core food. Fourth quarter was a good data point. If nothing else, there's some good comp here. Obviously, it's difficult to predict weather and climate change. And if that impacts us, then that'll be different than what we're planning on. But core food should rebound. I mentioned that cannabis will have a slight offset to that though that we're not expecting as much incremental contributors. But net-net, I think food ticks up a little bit. Life sciences, I think ticked up a little bit. We talked about, Prahlad talked about some of our enterprise business going well and some extra tenders and an extra week here. I think, Cisbio and Informatics continues to be extremely strong, both were double digits this year. We're planning them more in the high single digit range. So, haven't seen anything. But thats just something we're going to plan them at double digit. So, net-net, that probably upticks a little bit. And then, industrial and environmental, we are planning flat. So, no change from 2019. So, if we make a little bit of improvement in life sciences and food, we probably uptick a little bit in DAS year-over-year.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thank you. And then, if you kind of pull the scope back a little bit. I know like a year or so ago, the conversation was maybe kind of high single digit growth type of portfolio, which obviously you guys still sound very constructive on the momentum that you have with all the business changes. But, when you think about the 2020 guide, youve given a lot of color on the different businesses. But, how would you characterize the 5% balance, or is there a conservatism in? And you had a call out of swing factor on the upside or downside, what would that be? Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Dan, I think, look, again, we continue to be very excited about the portfolio and the prospects that we have for accelerating profitable growth. We've got a lot of fans in the fire. I think, entering the year, we are trying to be balanced, given there are some uncertainties that we see. And again, example that Jamey talked about just coming in as with the coronavirus. You don't know how that plays out. But, essentially, the growth accelerators that we have are inherently the swing factors that will play a very important role as we look forward.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from Bill Quirk with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Bill Quirk: Great, thanks. Good evening, everybody. So a couple of questions for me. First off, Pralhad, really do appreciate all the Vanadis commentary. Is there any -- just I guess last question maybe on that, any particular geography or customer type, where you're seeing outsized interest and success in terms of placements? And then, secondly, just staying at diagnostics for a moment. With respect to the coronavirus assay development, the CDC has some emergency procedures in place to be able to rapidly disseminate test from a regulatory standpoint. Are you familiar or are you aware of a similar type of program in any of the other affected countries? Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Just starting with your first question around Vanadis. I think, from an interest perspective, we are seeing interest in all the three regions. In APAC, ex-China, given that we don't have approval in China yet, we are going through the clinical in Europe, and, of course, with the recent launch that we did in the U.S., we continue to see a broad spread interest on it. In regards to your second question, yes, similar to the CDC, the NMPA and CFDA in China also has accelerated emergency processes that they have in place and we're working with them to get a test out, hopefully in a few weeks.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a question from Derik DeBruin with Bank of America.
Derik DeBruin: Hey. Great. Thanks for taking a follow-up. Just one question. I just wanted to clarify, since I got a bunch of questions from investors. So, typically, the rule of thumb, when you look at extra days, is about a 0.5% organic revenue growth is a contribution for consumable revenue companies. So, the $10 million to $15 million seems a little bit white in terms of revenue contribution on the extra week. Did I hear you correctly in saying you thought some of that was pulled forward into the fourth quarter? I'm just trying to say to make sure that is, because it just seems like it's a lower number than I would have thought in your business mix?
Jamey Mock: Yes. Overall, it's 1.5% to 2%. So, the rule of thumb of 0.5% times 5, were only really, I guess a half 0.5% to a 1% off here. So, I don't think it's too different than what we saw in 3Q '15 nor the rule of thumb overall. I did say that -- yes, I mean, if you look at December 30th and 31st, I think most customers operate on a calendar budget and that our sales force probably much like every other year, looks at the CapEx spending and says let's execute those before December 29th. And I don't think that's any different than what we've done in most years. So, I think it's pretty much noise around the fringes here.
Operator: Thank you. There are no other questions at the queue. I'd like to turn the call back to Prahlad Singh for any closing remarks.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you all for your questions. As weve shared today, we have a number of exciting opportunities on the horizon, as we continue to drive towards our mission and accelerate outcomes for the betterment of people and the environment. I look forward to updating you on our continued progress in 2020. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2019 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode.  I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Bryan Kipp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Bryan Kipp: Thanks, Angella. Good afternoon, and welcome to the PerkinElmer's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Prahlad Singh, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Jamey Mock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Rob Friel: Thanks, Bryan, and good evening, everyone. The third quarter was a busy one for PerkinElmer in which we continued to take important steps to position the company for acceleration of our growth and profitability, while also delivering strong financial results. Turning first to our financial results in the quarter, revenue was $707 million representing organic revenue growth of 5%. Adjusted EPS was $1.06, an increase of 18% over Q3 last year and significantly exceeding our forecast. As the benefits of our new operating model and increased contributions from our growth businesses delivered very significant operating leverage. This strong margin expansion has given us the confidence to raise our full-year adjusted EPS growth to 13% despite stronger than anticipated headwinds from foreign exchange and a challenging macroeconomic environment.
Prahlad Singh: Thank you Rob. Before I begin my prepared remarks, I wanted to take a few minutes to acknowledge and thank Rob for his leadership and service to PerkinElmer. As you know, Rob will be retiring from the company and this is his last quarterly earnings call. For those of us keeping tabs this is his 84th earnings call with PerkinElmer. Rob has evolved PerkinElmer into a strong company with a legacy of sustainable and profitable earnings growth and optimize the portfolio towards high-growth end markets. The management team at PerkinElmer will build on his legacy to progress PerkinElmer to its next level as a growth focused company providing high-quality earnings. Today I'm excited to update everyone on the continued progress we have made on our strategic priorities during the third quarter. But to start off, I want to begin with some details of our recent acquisition of the Meizheng Group. We are extremely excited to welcome the team from Meizheng to PerkinElmer. Meizheng is a highly attractive and strategic asset, one that will play a pivotal role in our domestic food strategy in China as well as our broader long-term food strategy across the globe. Meizheng has developed a reputation as a leading food safety testing company in China due to its current portfolio breadth, strong culture of innovation and unparalleled customer intimacy. The Company is headquartered in Beijing and has a broad commercial presence in China, supported by over 140 direct sales and marketing feet on the street. Meizhengs comprehensive technology and product portfolio covers immunoassay, microbiology and molecular testing for food safety in prioritized end-markets grain, dairy, meat and seafood. With the addition of Meizheng, we estimate that the total addressable market for our food portfolio in China is now $1 billion to $2 billion and we have the most extensive set of capabilities across the food testing value chain. For example, in dairy, we now have the broadest set of food quality and safety capabilities, which span from upstream herd management to midstream collection center testing to transportation and storage testing. Additionally, we also now serve the QA and QC labs at processing facilities and third party safety and regulatory adherence testing customers. We estimate that the overall China food safety testing market has been growing at a low double-digit CAGR over the past five years, driven by increasing government regulation and enforcement changes in local dietary preference and a rising middle class.
Jamey Mock: Thanks Prahlad and good evening everyone. As always, I want to start with the highlights for the quarter. Next, I'll provide some additional color on our served end markets and detail on other financial metrics. Lastly, I'll finish by providing a brief update on how we're thinking about the fourth quarter. Overall, we are pleased with our third quarter results and year-to-date performance. To start, market conditions were largely in line with our expectations entering the quarter and our growth accelerators continued to perform well. For example, EUROIMMUN continued to grow at a double-digit clip due to strong demand in China. Cannabis and genomics testing remain on pace to meet or exceed our initial goals for 2019. And Vanadis momentum continues to build following the prenatal diagnostics publication in late August. As Rob and Prahlad mentioned, we completed and are excited about the acquisition of Meizheng, which I will cover in greater detail later. Additionally, prior actions to reduce our organizational complexity have made us a nimbler organization moving forward. Finally, we are raising our 2019 earnings estimate to the high end of our prior range or $4.07 per share, which represents $0.03 increase versus the midpoint of our prior range. In summary, the team has done a great job executing on our near and long-term priorities. Turning into the third quarter results. We continue to be pleased with the strength in our business as organic revenue grew 5%. Reported revenue grew 5% to $707 million and included 2% foreign exchange headwind and a 2% net acquisition tailwind. By business diagnostics, representing 40% of total sales grew 6% organically driven by our immunodiagnostics and reproductive health business lines. Discovering analytical solutions representing 60% of total sales grew 4% organically, highlighted by continued strength in life sciences and offset by ongoing tepid demand in the applied markets. I will provide some additional color on both businesses in a moment. On a geographic basis, organic growth trends remained mix as they have throughout the year 2019. Asia-Pacific and Europe grew mid single-digits while the Americas grew low single-digits. Year-to-date, the Americas and Asia-Pacific are up mid single-digits while Europe is up low single-digits. Operationally, we are extremely pleased with our performance in the third quarter and we continue to see significant potential to improve our profitability going forward. Adjusted operating margins expanded 250 basis points in the third quarter to 21.6%, driven by productivity, mix and cost out actions. Year-to-date, we have expanded adjusted operating margins by 150 basis points year-over-year. As Rob mentioned, adjusted earnings per share of $1.06 was an increase of 18% versus the third quarter of 2018 and $0.05 ahead of our guidance. Looking further into the key drivers within our segments, let's start with our diagnostics business. As mentioned in my earlier remarks, organic revenue grew 6% driven primarily by our immunodiagnostics and reproductive health franchises. On the immunodiagnostics front, EUROIMMUN and Tulip led the way as both grew at a healthy low double-digit organic growth rate. EUROIMMUN was broad-based with autoimmune, allergy and infectious disease testing, all growing double-digits during the quarter. Geographically, China remains strong while EUROIMMUNs U.S. business also continues to scale, rapidly growing at a very healthy double-digit rate. Testing went live during September at a large reference lab. Therefore, we continue to expect EUROIMMUNs U.S. market share for AMA testing to reach 50% as testing ramps up moving forward. Reproductive health grew mid single-digits organically driven by our genomics testing business and expanded coverage in Asia-Pacific. As one example from earlier this year, the Philippines implemented and expanded newborn screening program, the national insurance company, PhilHealth announced that it will provide 100% public insurance reimbursement for all newborns. Previously only 12% of newborns were screened and payment was all out of pocket. By the end of September and estimated 85% of newborns were screened under the new program. Applied genomics growth moderated versus the first half trends down mid single-digits in the third quarter. Comparisons in the business were difficult due to the timing of some high ASP, large automated workstation purchases last year. We continue to see healthy expansion in our opportunity funnel, which keeps us encouraged that this business will return to healthy growth. Turning to Discovery & Analytical Solutions. Organic growth of 4% was a 2% uptick versus the first half performance. By end market, we experienced high single-digit organic revenue growth in pharma biotech, propelled by our imaging and detection and informatics product lines. Both were up double-digits in the quarter. Our informatics business continues to perform well as leading pharma and biotech companies actively shift to modern future-proof workflow solutions like PerkinElmer signals to accelerate their R&D insights. The applied markets were flat in the quarter, driven primarily by softness in China and Europe, which were down mid single-digit and low single-digits respectively. Combined overall industrial and environmental was flat and improvement sequentially. However, we think the improvement is a function of easier comparisons on a sequential basis, not a fundamental improvement in the underlying market trends. Food was up low single-digits bolstered by strong cannabis demand. Shifting to below the line items, adjusted net interest and other expense for the third quarter was approximately $15 million and our adjusted tax rate was approximately 14% driven by benefits from global tax planning actions. Turning to the balance sheet, we finished the quarter with approximately $2.3 billion of debt and $393 million of free cash flow  of cash. Free cash flow in the quarter was $90 million and adjusted free cash flow in the quarter was $96 million. As a reminder, the difference between the reported and adjusted number as due to cash payments associated with prior acquisitions. Actions to improve working capital had been put in place and as a result, sequential usage has improved versus the first half performance. We anticipate additional improvement in the fourth quarter and into 2020. As mentioned, we are excited about our Meizheng acquisition. The net purchase price was approximately $152 million. We expect a double-digit return on invested capital by year four. We estimate Meizheng to approximately have $30 million of revenue in 2019 with accretive operating margins. For the fourth quarter, we expect Meizheng to contribute less than 1% to PerkinElmer revenue growth and negligible EPS accretion. For modeling purposes, the acquisition officially closed October 17. Over the course of the last 45 days, we refinanced a substantial portion of our debt. We were pleased with the pricing of our new $850 million 10-year bond in the extension of our revolving credit facility. We reduced our cost of debt by 50 basis points, more than doubled our overall maturity profile and alleviated our 2021 maturity cliff risk. Finally, we exited the quarter with a net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio of approximately 2.8 times and we expect to end the year at approximately that same level. Closing the books on the first nine months of 2019, we remain pleased with our performance including 5% organic growth, 13% growth in earnings per share and continued success of our growth accelerators. The additions of Meizheng and Cisbio will help accelerate our growth in coming years and improve our reagent portfolio and capabilities. The new organizational structure will further strengthen our ability to execute on a consistent basis. For the year, we now expect 5% organic growth and reported revenue to be approximately $2.88 billion, including $68 million from foreign exchange headwinds and approximately $41 million of contributions from acquisitions and divestitures. We are increasing our full year EPS guidance, adjusted EPS guidance to $4.07, which includes an incremental $0.02 headwind from foreign exchange compared to our prior guidance. Additionally, we now expect to expand our operating margins by 150 basis points. Finally, we anticipate $60 million in adjusted interest and other expenses, 14% to 14.5% tax rate and our share counts remain at slightly under 112 million for the year. For the fourth quarter of 2019, we are forecasting reported revenue of $800 million, representing 5% organic revenue growth, including a foreign exchange headwind of approximately $11 million versus a comparable prior period. In terms of adjusted earnings per share guidance for Q4, we are forecasting $1.32. Before I kind of call back to the operator, I'd also like to congratulate Rob on an enormously successful career. In addition to Prahlads remarks on Rob's transformation of the company, he's also positively impacted the lives of thousands of employees and their families along the way, including myself. From all of us, we thank you and wish you a relaxing and wonderful retirement. This concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, at this time, we would like to open the call for questions.
Operator:  Thank you. And your first question comes from the line of Derik DeBruin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Derik DeBruin: Hi. Good afternoon.
Prahlad Singh: Good afternoon.
Rob Friel: Hi, Derik.
Derik DeBruin: So I'm still not clear on the diagnostics slowdown in the quarter. I mean, you did 9% in the first half of the year, 6% this quarter and it was on easier comp. Can you just walk through what the sequential deceleration was in the quarter?
Rob Friel: Yes, the two aspects to it, Derik. One is as we are moving the genomics testing lab, we had two facilities, one in Branford and one in Pittsburgh. And we are consolidating that into Pittsburgh. So from the move that has resulted in a backlog of samples which were not read through and that contributed to some of the slow down on the diagnostics one. The second one was around the applied genomics business. We had last year a lot of capital based systems on the automation side of it, which did not come through. And that has postponed over to the next few quarters. Again, these are things that we  it's not that we have lost these, but they have moved on into the next couple of quarters. So that essentially has accounted for the slowdown that we saw on Q3. Again, coming back to it, our reproductive health franchises and immunodiagnostics, those continued to do very well despite the slowdown in birthrates.
Derik DeBruin: Right. So if you adjust for those two items, what was that about  what was the hit on organic revenue growth  it's about 3%?
Jamey Mock: Yes, that's right, Derik, so get you back to about the 9% run rate.
Derik DeBruin: Great. Thank you. And I think, I guess one follow-up question on this one, you look at the margin expansion, which is really impressive. I mean, is that SG&A number sustainable going forward?
Jamey Mock: Yes. Let me take that, Derik. Yes, I mean, when I think about margin expansion, I think this has been, as Rob mentioned in his prepared remarks, years of planning around this. And a lot of times it just takes some time to kind of show up in our margin line. And I think we talked about three general levers, all of them playing a role, SG&A to your point being one of them. But I mean, I think mix has been better so a little bit more diagnostics. Even within DAS, our Life Sciences business is growing, informatics and reagents continued to grow. With regards to leverage, to your question, yes, I mean I think we have made the necessary investments in years prior and we anticipated that we'd be able to take down the SG&A as a percent of revenue. Obviously and we also had some improvements due to the synergies in our reorganization. And so that helped a little bit here as well. And then on productivity, I think we've got a lot going on both from a shop perspective, services perspective as well as indirect as well so that we can elaborate more on those. But I think it is sustainable here. There might be a little bit of timing, but not much of it.
Derik DeBruin: Great. Thanks. Rob, happy trails and good luck.
Rob Friel: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Knight with Janney. Please go ahead.
Paul Knight: Hey Rob, congratulations. And when I first started covering you 19 years ago, 5% organic or mid-single wasn't even on the horizon for Perkin, could you kind of replay what you did as you became CEO and as you stand here today because you kind of reflect on where you think Perkin stands and kind of take a bow for what the investment you've done on R&D and M&A and divestiture. If you could  can summarize that up, it'd be awesome.
Rob Friel: Yes, I'd be happy to do that. And Paul, you're probably one of the few people that sort of remember the old days there in the early 2000s. But anyway, as you can imagine, not surprisingly, over the last couple of weeks, I've been a little bit more reflective on my tenure here. And I would say, I feel really good about what we've been able to accomplish at the company during sort of almost two decades. And I really want to emphasize the, we part of that statement is I've been extremely fortunate to work with really some outstanding people over the years. As I think about the most important accomplishments, there's probably three or four I sort of just spike out quickly. One, obviously it's relevant for this audience is the value we've created for our shareholders. If I go back to when I started as CFO in 1999, the company had a little north of $1 billion in market cap when I became CEO in early 2008, it had grown to three. And today we sit at it just under 10 with an enterprise value of close to 12. So to put that in perspective, if you had invested $1 billion in the market in 1999, you'd be at about $3 billion, meaning, over that period of time we've created about $7 billion in incremental value, four of which was during my tenure as CEO. And I think an important component of that value creation, as you mentioned, Paul, was the dramatic shift in the portfolio and capabilities of the company. And it's been particularly, I would say in the last six or seven years. And I feel particularly proud that we've been able to do that with fairly minimal disruption. And for those of you that have been around for awhile, it's really dramatic change of our end markets, our geographic footprint, our technological capabilities. While that not only provides, I would say, a better platform to accelerate the growth and profitability, it's created a more unifying mission and purpose for the company around improving health globally. And that really takes me to the third area where I really feel great about the organizational capability we've built. And that sort of things like work environment and culture and why people would come to PerkinElmer. And in the past I would say, I felt like the company attracted people because more or less the job and it was sort of a transactional relationship, they came here to work and receive a paycheck. And that was sort of it. I now think people come to PerkinElmer as a place to participate in a mission at the same time, pursue a sort of a career. And as a result, I think what really starts to differentiate us is how our employees take a more caring and longer term approach to what they do and how they do it. And then the last thing I just mentioned is, so we sort of reached this transition point. I feel extremely proud of the condition of the company. I think we're fortunate to have Prahlad as our next CEO. He knows the company well. He's been part of the significant changes at the company over the last five years. I feel like he'll be supported by an excellent leadership team. And as Jamey and Prahlad talked about the recent commercial realignment, I think it allow us to better serve our customers and in fact infuse more simplicity in how we operate. So feel like when you look at the company from a financial perspective, strategic position or operation, it's just never been in a better place. And so it's an exciting time for the company and it should be for our shareholders, customers and employees. So anyway, I apologize for the long answer, but I feel like I've been here a long time and there's a lot of good things to talk about. So anyway, it's been a good run and I feel like it's turning over to some great hands and excited about the future.
Paul Knight: Thanks Rob and thanks for the incremental $7 billion and its been a great run. Thank you.
Rob Friel: Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Willoughby: Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. And Rob, I wish you a wonderful retirement. A couple of questions for you. I guess first, Jamey, could you talk a little bit there was some larger onetime charge this quarter. The one that stuck out to me was the accelerated executive comp, just kind of any color on that. And then just also if you could talk within the DAS business kind of how your instruments business versus services grew in the quarter?
Jamey Mock: Instruments versus services, is that what you said on the second one there, Steve?
Steve Willoughby: Yes, exactly. Yes, exactly.
Jamey Mock: So with regards to the accelerated CEO charge, in conjunction with Rob's announced retirement, the board agreed to accelerate the best thing of a portion of his equity awards. And so the accounting typically spent that over the required service period in the future. So let's say three years if that's what the vesting period is and since Rob is now retired, we accelerated that and the board granted that and that's the additional charge for, some of those equity awards and that increased compensation. Does that make sense?
Steve Willoughby: It does. Yes. Thank you.
Jamey Mock: And with regards to DAS instruments versus services, I mean, I think we've saw good mix. I kind of mentioned it earlier in DAS. So greater pharm biotech, greater reagents, software was great. So our informatics business did extremely well, Cisbio continues to do very well. So the mix in that business was positive. The applied markets were flat. So overall we're seeing an improved mixed change to greater service software and reagents in that business, which helped contribute to if you see the gross or the margin expansion in DAS of 340 basis points in the quarter.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And then if I could just squeeze in one last one, just Jamey, how are you thinking about, it seems like there are a couple of different moving pieces within the earnings guidance for this year. Have you broken out or could you walk through how you're thinking about kind of the EPS bridge versus your old guidance to guidance today? Just seems like tax rate is moving around, organic growth is moving around, margins are moving around, et cetera.
Jamey Mock: Yes, I mean, if I were to simplify it, going up $0.03 is largely on the back of extra margin expansion. So I'd call that kind of up $0.06 to $0.07 versus our prior guidance for the rest of the year. Organic growth is coming down, so 5% versus kind of a 5% to 6% organic guidance range, so that's maybe down $0.04 to $0.05, so up $0.02 margin versus organic growth. And then really all the other items, FX is a headwind of $0.02 and tax and interest expense is probably better by $0.03, so that gives you maybe an extra penny as well. So greater margin expansion, more than offsetting organic growth shortage here, and a little bit extra tax benefit more than offsetting foreign exchange.
Steve Willoughby: Perfect. Thanks Jamey.
Jamey Mock: Thank you.
Operator: And your next questions comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. I want to dive into the margins a little bit more, you did have a restructuring during the quarter. Can you just talk on how much of that was from kind of the riff versus stuff that had been in the works ahead of the quarter. And then as we think about next year you're sticking with the high single-digit organic growth targets by the lower base this year. I just wondering how you think about the comfort level and hitting that?
Rob Friel: Yes, so maybe I'll touch on restructuring first. So I mean, much of this has been planned. So it's really in two broad areas. One is our services organization. I've mentioned in the past that we've invested in software platform called ServiceMax, which basically allows us to schedule and dispatch our field service engineers better, control contracts, control pricing, et cetera. So we've known that that's been invested in over the last couple of years and up and running well. So we were able to do a little bit of right-sizing in our services organization. And then the other part was also related to the reorganization of a company. So we think of the company transformation much more is a growth oriented change, but it definitely provided a little bit of synergy as well. And that those two things really comprised the restructuring charge. In terms of high single-digit growth next year, I mean 5% this year is still strong. We still think a lot of the organic growth accelerators will come next year. And some of these things that are going on right now is timing. So I think we mentioned, applied genomics is still a strong market. Some of that backlog we see visibility to in 2009 or 2020. The PerkinElmer genomics testing item is a short-term issue as we transfer from one facility to a different facility, it's not a demand issue. In fact, were having the turn away demand. And DAS, we expect, it did improve quite a bit. So DAS came from 2% to 4%. We'd said 5%, academic government came through, OneSource came through. But the applied markets were still a little bit softer than we anticipated. I think it'd be headed into next year, Vanadis hasn't contributed a lot this year. Cannabis and all of our growth accelerators we think will kick in even more. So we're still quite confident in the future trajectory here.
Tycho Peterson: And then a question on the China strategy here around food, there's obviously a lot of turmoil, you alluded to that in your comments. Can you just talk to your visibility into that market? And how  what's the strength of upstream versus downstream for you guys and what's your comfort level that you want to run into some of the problems with the privatization that we've heard about from some of the other tool peers.
Jamey Mock: Yes. Tycho, I mean I think the number one thing that to point out is that from Meizhengs perspective, they have a very strong hold on the local customers. And 70% to 75% of their revenue comes from consumables. So it's not playing in like a very capital intensive market. The installed base is already there. They are providing more of the consumables and the reagents. So that trajectory is one that we haven't seen slowing down while we've been talking to Meizheng. And again the strategy that we have used for this acquisition was not dissimilar to what we've done with the EUROIMMUN and Cisbio, weve worked with the principal owner for more than a year and a half and understood and studied the market. So we feel really good about it.
Tycho Peterson: All right. And then one last one for Jamey, just on cash flow, $95 million or so year-to-date, can you just talk on where you think that that could be headed as we think in the next year? I'm just curious if there's an opportunity to improve on that?
Jamey Mock: Yes, I mean if I step back and just talk about cash flow a little bit. I mean, if you go back a few years, I think it's clear that the company has been focused on improving our revenue growth and expanding our margins. I think we've done a lot of things to do that. We've changed incentive plans. We've leaned into working capital to better serve our customers. We've invested in capital expenditures in EUROIMMUN and other parts of PKI. And we felt that during that time period, it was important to change the trajectory of the company and it also happen to coincide with the low interest rate environment. So we thought it was a good trend. As we look forward, I mean certainly we understand that all three metrics have to go well together. So increasing our growth rate, increasing our margins, I think we've been able to prove that over the last couple of years. And I think cash flow will come along well. So I'm competent in an improving but I think it's going to take a little bit of time. It's not going to be an overnight change. We've got some things underway and some process improvements underway, largely in the areas of receivables and inventory. I think if you look year-to-date, CapEx is down 10%. So that was an easy one to help fix or invested a little bit differently I'd say. So I think it's confident, I won't guide on next year, but very confident that we will get this up to a 90% plus business.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thanks and best of luck with everything, Rob. Good working with you.
Rob Friel: Thank you.
Operator: And we have a question for the line of Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi, thanks for the time here. I'd echo the well-wishers, Rob. Its been great working with you.
Rob Friel: Great, thanks.
Steve Beuchaw: One, I might like to do, first is just probably for Prahlad, if you could give us a little bit of an update on some of the commercialization efforts around Vanadis. And I think it's a two-parter. One is, have you seen progress on Vanadis reimbursement in Europe? And if not, can you talk about like when you might be ready to talk about progress there? And then we saw of course, the news about the Vanadis strategy in the U.S. and Asia. You mentioned it in the prepared remarks. I just want to clarify, I mean, do you still intend to seek FDA approval, CFDA approval for Vanadis to work on that as a system that goes into both of those markets as something that people run on site. And then between now and then are you taking a meaningful number of samples as something of an LDT? And then I have one follow-up.
Prahlad Singh: Let me start with the regulatory strategy in the U.S. and China. So in the U.S. our strategy is not going to be dissimilar to our peers. It's going to be an RUO, under a CLIA, it will be an LDT. Just like most of the other tests out there. Currently, we do not have any plans to go under a PMA or get a regulatory approval in the U.S. In China, we are pursuing CFDA, our regulatory approval, were done with type testing. We are in the process of our clinical trials and that will take its due course in time. So from a regulatory perspective, that's our strategy. In the U.S. the benefit that we have is we will be able to differentiate in terms of providing pre-eclampsia and carrier screening and providing it as one test. So it results in a better customer experience as there is only one prick and one report out in a simplistic manner to our customers. So that's from a regulatory perspective. In terms of EU reimbursement strategy that is mostly controlled by the countries where it is operated. As you know, some countries initially where we have already put the system in  there is government approval around EUR 250. So that is already available and it's out there. It's not a specific Vanadis code, but it is available for NIPT reimbursement. So that's from a EU perspective, feedback that we continue to get from our customers is the ease-of-use, workflow, automation and obviously, cost is an important factor. And again, Steve, as we've said earlier, our focus this year is to ensure that we get 30 installations, make sure that they work flawlessly and well and our customers present and publish from there.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay. So sorry if I'm being a little dense, but is it the case that you don't believe there's any additional work you need to do to get reimbursement in Europe?
Prahlad Singh: In Europe? No.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay, great. And then my follow-up is actually going back to a point that came up on last quarter's call where there was a discussion around some, some back and forth in China dynamics that that popped up there where some tenders were pulled away. Just wondered if I could get an update on how those dynamics were progressing and if you've got any of that back. And then maybe as a corollary to that, more on the diagnostic side in China how you're seeing that sort of pricing competitive dynamics there. Thanks again.
Prahlad Singh: So let me take the first one on the tender. Again, the tender was a very small one. It was really not that material. It probably got a little much more attention than it should have. So, I don't think it is significant enough for us to talk about and it did not materially impact what we are. What our business is in China. Specifically, now switching to your second part around diagnostics in China, despite low birth rates in China, our reproductive health franchise continues to do well. Our immuno diagnostics franchise continues to do well. So I don't know, Jamey, what was our Q3 diagnostic
Jamey Mock: Yes, up mid-single digits.
Prahlad Singh: It was up mid-single digits. So we, Steve from a diagnostics perspective, China continues to do well for us.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay, great. Again, thanks. Really appreciate it.
Prahlad Singh: Yes.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line as Doug Schenkel with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Doug Schenkel: Thank you. And Rob, thanks for all your efforts and good luck in your next chapter.
Rob Friel: Thank you
Doug Schenkel: I guess three or four questions starting on DAS, how impactful were the three transitory dynamics you pointed to in Q2 that you expected to reverse in the third quarter? One of those is the one that Steve just asked about the $4 million in revenue. You didn't book in Q2 due to the China import approvals. I think you expected half of that to come back. The second was expected changes you made in the academic government leadership team is having the potential reverse, what was a headwind in the first half where revenue decline 10% year-over-year. And the third was enterprise services backlog converting. You thought that could give you 50 basis points to 100 hundred basis points of growth this quarter. So, I'm curious if you could just provide updates on those things within DAS. On diagnostics, I think you attributed the Q3 moderation in diagnostic growth relative to trend to a couple things you positioned as one-timer such as lab consolidation. I'm just wondering if they are one-timers, what is in the full year guidance implied if that that comes back in the fourth quarter. The third is on 2020 targets. Prahlad, I know you're not new to PKI but you're going to be new to the CEO role. Based on Jameys response to one to Tychos questions it looks like you're good with the 2020 financial targets that Rob outlined a few years ago. I just want to make sure that's right. And my last question is on free cash flow conversion. Last quarter you set new adjusted free cash flow conversion guidance to around 80% is that still the case? Thank you.
Rob Friel: So since we are furiously writing down to make sure we didn't forget the list.
Doug Schenkel: Yes, Ill chime back in, if I went too fast. Sorry about that.
Prahlad Singh: Let me go with the one that was for me because the other three were for Jamey, so let me take the one around 2020 CEO. Look, as to Tychos question I don't want to give guidance on 2020. We'll be happy to do that as we get to our Q1 call. But I will look forward to Tychos conference in San Francisco and be able to give more of an update on our strategy and how we see next year and the next several years coming in. But what I will say that our thesis holds, our growth accelerators continue to do very well and we are very confident in what we have talked about earlier in the year.
Jamey Mock: Yes. So first one with regards to DAS bridge from the first half to the second half year, so I would say two to three of those came through as expected. So academic and government did turn around as anticipated, we definitely saw a significant uptick versus the first half being down over double digits as you mentioned. OneSource I had mentioned that we definitely had visibility to a lot of this backlogs, so that did see an uptick as well. And in the applied markets did not though. So that's why we're at 4% versus 5%, applied markets continues to be soft. So probably, we did mention some of our food NPIs, those actually are performing pretty well or better than the first half. That said, the overall market is just not where we see it to be. And I think you call it out the China items on MOFCOM or maybe the tenders or whatnot, but I think that's such a small amount. Now, we'll just talk to the overall applied markets and that has not recovered as we talked about earlier. Second on the Dx bridge in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter with regards to lab consolidations. So, late in the third quarter we did start our move into a different facility that will impact the fourth quarter as well, which we, that's why we're guiding, a similar organic growth rate heading into the fourth quarter. This is not a demand issue. As I mentioned earlier, we have plenty of demands and we are actually having to turn away samples just as we kind of pulled through this. So it will impact the fourth quarter, but we anticipate heading into 2020, we'll be fine. Now, the last one around free cash flow, yes, we called out 80% not coming off that I would say, if you look at the fourth quarter there's really two areas that we've got a lot of focus on. One is it's our highest sales quarter, so inventory does normally deplete through the quarter here. And we fully expect that as well. We've also done a lot of work around demand planning to make that better. And then receivables, receivables needs a lot of focus as I mentioned earlier, it is not a turn of the switch here, but we've got a lot of good actions in place, both from a billing process perspective, additional resources, calling on customers, engaging our commercial teams. So, we're still hoping that 80% is still the right answer here, but we are it's a lot to do in the fourth quarter here.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Thank you very much.
Jamey Mock: Thanks Doug
Operator: And your next question is coming from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. Good afternoon. Maybe for Prahlad just on the amazing acquisition, can you talk about what technologies they have that you didn't already have in the Perkin portfolio? And what's proprietary about any of the technology, if anything, and when they're, what timeline do you have to perhaps take some of those outside of China for the export market?
Prahlad Singh: Yes, good question Brandon. I think from a technology perspective more than the uniqueness in the technology that they provide what was important for us that they had the regulatory approvals and they already had the products in the marketplace. So it was not that there was significantly, a unique technology or differentiated, it was the ability to have a broad product portfolio that they had taken through the regulatory approvals and it was entrenched in the marketplace. I think the more important fact was the second point that you pointed out, Brandon, the ability for us now to take this product portfolio and combine it with our existing product assets of food assets from  Delta and the Perten acquisitions allows us to present a more comprehensive workflow solutions to our customers, not just in China but also in other markets.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks, then a two part question for Jamey. The corporate expense stepped down quite a bit to about 13 million in the third quarter, is that a good run rate to kind of assume going forward. And then could you give us the impact of FX on the gross and operating margin lines in the period? Thanks.
Jamey Mock: Yes, I mean I think in general our overall cost bases are pretty similar. Cost base we expect moving forward into the fourth quarter. I mentioned there's a little bit of timing. So I don't know the exact split off the top of my head between corporate or the divisions, but we had a little bit of timing in R&D, which probably shouldn't hit the corporate milestone, a little bit of extra marketing expense that launched. So there's probably a slight uptick there in the fourth quarter. Maybe some of that comes through the corporate. And with regards to that foreign exchange, I think it was 20 basis points on the gross margin line in the quarter, which flowed through to the same amount on the operating margin line as well.
Brandon Couillard: Great, thanks.
Jamey Mock: Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vijay Kumar: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Rob, congrats on your career.. It's coincidental that this is my first call and it happens to be your last and Prahlad maybe this is going to be a journey for us. This being your I guess first call coming in as the inbound CEO. So maybe I'll start with the 2020 outlook questions. So, if the base business here, we're looking at doing mid-singles is it right to thing that the key to get to high-singles for next year's Vanadis in the food business and the cannabis side? And between those two drivers, if I'm on the right track is there one versus the other, which is going to be a more significant driver from a 2020 perspective. And for 2020, should we be assuming some of these applied markets or macro any of those end-markets maybe improving or should they be stable where they are right now?
Prahlad Singh: So, Vijay I look forward hopefully to a long journey together. But I think, the answer to your question without specific guidance is that the resilience now as we have realigned our portfolio is that there is not one growth driver. There are about seven growth accelerators that we have, but we are not now becoming dependent on any one thing clicking. It's Vanadis, EUROIMMUN, our enterprise business, genomics, cannabis, we've got several growth levers that gives us the level of confidence that we  those will continue to act as growth accelerators for us.
Vijay Kumar: Gotcha. And then maybe one on the balance sheet, inventories seems like it's ticked-up and maybe up, this is not some of this as timing issues given the acquisitions. Maybe comment on inventories.
Jamey Mock: Yes. So you're right, some of that is M&A related, but I think year-to-date it's about a $45 million cash flow usage. I think. And a lot of that is seasonal. So if you look at the last few years, it's similar where we build in the first half and kind of get ready for a larger second half. So a large part of that is seasonable. Some of that is choice, I mentioned that, we've invested in working capital to improve our customer experience. So Vijay, on prior calls I've talked about our distribution center strategy, which we think is going well. And I think, as we turn into 2020, that's something that hopefully we can start to depress the level of finished goods that we have on hand. But some of that's the choice in terms of how the fill rate and how quickly we service our customers and but overall that number that you're seeing year-to-date should come down substantially in the fourth quarter.
Vijay Kumar: Gotcha. Thanks guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Dan Brennan with UBS. Please go ahead.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thank you. Rob, congrats, it's been great spending time with you working with you through the years.
Rob Friel: Thanks Dan, appreciate it.
Dan Brennan: Yes. So maybe Prahlad just maybe an early question, I know it's, first quarter in here or really first call. I am just interested in any early insight about the type of different perspectives that you might bring to the CEO role.
Prahlad Singh: I think the, I mean I would say rather than say different, I would say you would probably look on building on what Rob has done. And there are two areas I think in, if you were to look at this from a differentiation perspective, is the focus on bringing the organization together. Bringing the commercial alignment, which has already happened now gives us more wherewithal to push our workflow solutions across end markets, leveraging a combined commercial organization. So I think that's a big, I would say a differentiation that we are implementing in and which has been completed now. And the second aspect I would say is as we look forward is a lot more focused on technology and continue to build on innovation. I would say those are the two areas where you probably will see some differentiation.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thank you for that. So maybe, I don't know Jamey, I guess just on DAS, I know, it's come up a few times, but just on the applied weakness, I guess what gives you the confidence that you captured this in the trend with the new guide and anything we should look at to help us assess kind of, when maybe some of this weakness will turn, whether it's PMIs or any end market indicators you can help us with?
Jamey Mock: I think the, I mean I think what we're guiding here is pretty similar to those, the last three quarters really it's been 5% every quarter. I think applied markets in general has been flattish for the entire year and so we aren't embedding really at this point any additional uptick on the DAS side. I think it kind of be more of the same in the fourth quarter here, really it is the way to answer that.
Dan Brennan: Great. And then maybe final one just on the deal, on the Meizheng deal, I guess. I apologize if I missed this, but was this a competitive deal, any color how long you've known the company for? See I think you mentioned 25% growth in the prepared remarks back to 09. But how should we think about, what's a reasonable level of growth going forward? And then the final one is I think post the deal now your China exposure is close to maybe 25% or so, at a time when the countries, the relations are showering a bit and the country seems to be getting more inward looking. So I guess, how do you think about from a control perspective, just having such a big portion of your business over there? Like any changes or additions you need to make sure you're staying on top of things over there. Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, so maybe I'll talk about the deal piece first. Again, it is very similar to the ones that, and I think I mentioned it earlier, very similar to what we have done with Cisbio on EUROIMMUN is, it was not competitive. In fact the principal was not looking at divesting the company, but we worked with him for about 18 months to 24 months and convinced him that partnership with us is probably the best interest for him and for his business. So that's to that. In terms of China per se sorry, going back to the growth aspects, we expect this to continue to grow at a healthy pace off about 20% plus over the next few years because it's really got a unique product portfolio, lot more focused on consumables and that gives us, the confidence that will continue to have traction. On the third aspect around China and, the noise around it, look, I feel, and then we feel very confident that, this is essentially, eventually when the noise slows down, things are going to go back to being normal. From our perspective again, we have not seen any discernible change in our business there. There might be one or two noises here or there, but there is no discernible change. Our strategy in China is in China for China and that has worked well for us over the past decade, with the SYM-BIO and Haoyuan acquisition and we see it to be no different for Meizheng.
Dan Brennan: Great.
Jamey Mock: So the Meizheng business is $30 million in revenue, so that should increase it by about 1% and we're right around now about 20%.
Dan Brennan: Excellent. Okay. Thanks Jamie. Appreciate it.
Operator: And our final question from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray, please go ahead. 
Bill Quirk: Great, thanks. Good afternoon, Rob obviously the best of luck to you in the future and congratulations to Prahlad.
Rob Friel: Thank you.
Bill Quirk: So I guess a couple of questions. First off with respect to the, I think the couple of comments Jamey has made about turning down business on the diagnostic lab side of things, can you just give us a little comfort that as you consolidate into Pittsburgh help us think about any sort of capacity expansion that you'll have there, such that you're not turning down volume? And if so, when is that? And then I'd have follow-up for that. Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, maybe I can take that one Bill. As we look at, as we look in our, I mean, just talking more specifically, we had two or three NOVA six, which were in Branford. Just getting them packed up, moving them, revalidating them and getting them up and running. It's the process more than anything else. From a funnel perspective, the issue here is not about having a, making sure that we have a strong funnel. The issue here is to just getting those NOVA six back in installing them, validating them and getting them up and running. From a capacity perspective, I don't think that, from a 2020 till 2021, we are going to have an issue that from off capacity utilization. And you know, Bill, as a we do the Vanadis tour in Pittsburgh, you will have an opportunity to see the infrastructure and lab there yourself.
Bill Quirk: Okay, perfect. Now, I appreciate the clarification. And then I guess just staying in diagnostics, can you remind us where we are on a EUROIMMUN FDA approvals? In other words, kind of what percent of the portfolio at this point is through FDA and if you know, we're not all the way there. Again, maybe you can give us a roadmap in terms of when your organization has effectively an equivalent portfolio in the U.S. to what they have in Europe. Thank you.
Prahlad Singh: Well, I think it'll probably take a couple of years before it has the same level of approvals in the U.S. that it has from C-Mark perspective. But at this point, we initially if you recall post the close when new approvals would come through, we would send out a trade release, but now these happen every, a couple every quarter or three or four every six months. So we have stopped doing that? And we've essentially stopped tracking and the business there is a small base. It's growing, it's doubling every year. And we continue to see it as a, one of the fastest growing markets for EUROIMMUN. And I don't think that's going to slow down in the near future.
Bill Quirk: Got it. Thank you very much.
Prahlad Singh: Yes.
Operator: And we've reached the top of the hour. I will now hand the call back to Rob Friel for closing remarks.
Rob Friel: Great. Well first of all, thanks everyone for your questions and continued interest in PerkinElmer. It's been a genuine privilege to lead the company over the last 12 years and I'm proud of what we've achieved, but proud of still the people who carry our mission forward in the years to come. As I mentioned before, I think the Company is very well positioned from a financial perspective, but also to provide important solutions that help create healthier families and improve the health and longevity for people around the world. So I truly believe the best days are ahead for PerkinElmer, and I look forward to celebrating the ongoing success. Good night and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter Two 2019 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time.  I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Bryan Kipp. Please go ahead.
Bryan Kipp: Thanks, Don. Good afternoon, and welcome to the PerkinElmer's second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. With me on the call are; Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Prahlad Singh, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Jamey Mock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Rob Friel: Thanks, Bryan, and good evening everyone. I'm pleased to report PerkinElmer had an excellent second quarter, as we continue to make significant progress against our key long-term priorities, while also generating strong financial results. More specifically, our focus growth areas continue to do extremely well, as we disproportionately invest to build additional capabilities and further differentiate ourselves. Financially, we achieved mid single-digit top line growth and double-digit EPS growth despite very strong year-over-year comps. Finally, and potentially most important, we completed the implementation of a more effective operating structure to facilitate alignment with our customers' requirements and accelerate innovation. Looking first at our second quarter results, while Jamey will discuss them in more detail. Our revenue was $723 million, representing organic growth of 5%. Adjusted operating margins expanded 50 basis points and adjusted EPS of $1 representing growth of 10% over the second quarter last year. These results are particularly encouraging given the very strong second quarter last year where we grew revenue 10% organically, increased adjusted EPS over 30% and expanded adjusted operating margins 180 basis points.
Prahlad Singh: Thanks, Rob. I echo Rob's enthusiasm and I am excited to convey that we are well on our way to executing the three priorities we've discussed in our recent earnings calls providing an exceptional customer experience, being recognized as an innovation leader and making people and culture a competitive advantage.
Jamey Mock: Thanks, Prahlad, and good evening, everyone. I want to start with the highlights for the second quarter of 2019. Next, I'll provide some additional color on our served end markets and detail on other financial metrics. Lastly, I'll finish by providing a brief update on how we are thinking about the second half of 2019. Starting off, we're pleased with our second quarter and first half performance. Market conditions have been roughly in line with our expectations entering the year. We've achieved organic growth and EPS targets through the first two quarters, and we remain focused on executing our full year targets. Our growth accelerators have performed well through the first six months of the year. Year-on-year performance continues to beat our initial deal model. Vanadis remains on track and strong results from a multisite study analyzing 1,200 pregnancies is set to be published in a leading medical journal in August. Finally, as Rob mentioned, both cannabis and genomics testing revenues year-to-date have already outpaced all of 2018. Turning to the second quarter results. We continue to be pleased with the strength in our business as organic revenue growth grew 5%. Reported revenue grew 3% to $723 million and included a 3% foreign exchange headwind and a 1% net acquisition tailwind. By business diagnostics representing 40% of total sales grew 9% organically driven by our reproductive health and immunodiagnostics business lines. Discovery & Analytical Solutions representing 60% of total sales grew 2% organically highlighted by strength in life sciences and offset by weakness in applied markets. I will provide some additional color on both businesses in a moment. On a geographic basis, organic growth trends during the second quarter remain mixed, similar to what we experienced in the first quarter. The Americas continues to lead the way with high single-digit organic revenue growth, Asia Pacific grew mid-single digits and Europe grew low mid-single digits. Operationally, we were pleased with our performance in the second quarter, and we continue to see excellent potential to improve our profitability going forward. Adjusted operating margins expanded 50 basis points in the second quarter to 20.2% driven by continued cast out actions and solid operating expense lovers. Year-to-date, we have expanded adjusted operating margin by 90 basis points year-over-year. As Rob mentioned, adjusted earnings per share of $1 was an increase of 10% versus the second quarter of 2018 and was in line with our guidance.
Operator:  Your first question comes from Patrick Donnelly. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Great. Thanks guys. Maybe just on to start on the China side, can you just talk -- give some more color on the shortfall there, the magnitude of the impact? Which business segment it hit specifically? And then just also what's baked into the back half or your expectations there?
Rob Friel: So Patrick I'll start then maybe Jamey will chime in. So, we continue to be very bullish on China overall. We saw good growth particularly on the diagnostic side and I would say that was fairly broad-based or there was the immunodiagnostics or the reproductive health and we continued to feel good about that. And I would say that was despite some challenging birthrates that we saw in China. Life sciences continues to do well there in addition. As a challenge we are running into as Jamey alluded to was really on the applied area, particularly on the industrial end markets. And as Jamey mentioned, we think some of that is macro slowdown overall in China, some of that maybe a little bit we're starting to see some anecdotal evidence that theres starting to be a little bit of biased against U.S. companies, particular in some of the tenders. But thats fundamentally where we saw the challenge in China. And so I think to some extent maybe this is out of caution, were concerned about the back half and that's ultimately what's causing us to widen the range in DAS from mid single to three to five, it's really the applied largely in China, but I would say even outside the China. The China -- the applied markets are challenging.
Jamey Mock: I would agree yeah. With regards to your question on the back half Patrick, we're not expecting much uplift. It's probably maybe a little bit in DAS, but overall we're planning for much of the same in the second half in our guidance of there.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. That's helpful. And then just on the DAS business in general. Rob, I appreciate the color about the applied, what can you guys do to reaccelerate growth there? I know you've talked a decent amount about some new products there catalyzing some growth. But I guess with the headwinds in applied, how should we think about growth going forward? Last year you had a really strong year there, particularly in the mid part of the year. So I guess on the go forward, what can you guys do to reaccelerate back to some of the?
Rob Friel: Yeah. I think a piece of it is what you referred to as we continue to get new products out into the marketplace. And we've got some coming out, sort of, late 2019 and early 2020 that we think will be helpful there. I think the other thing and obviously this has been the theme for the last couple of years is just continue to shift away from the industrial markets, because they have a tendency to be a little bit more cyclical and so continuing to invest in life sciences, continuing to expand our informatics and service offerings. I think those are all and, of course, food as well, I think those are all helpful because we think longer term growth rates there are not only higher, but we think are more resilient and less cyclical. So I think it's for me is going to be a combination of continuing shift into those more attractive end markets, but also at least in the short-term driving more new products into the marketplace.
Patrick Donnelly: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Willoughby. Your line is open.
Steve Willoughby: Hi good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Two things for you. One, I guess could you just help us frame up maybe put in perspective, can you talk about China applied being 6% of your revenue? Applied globally being flat that's despite food being up double digits. Can you just remind us, how big you're considering that food bucket to be, so we can, sort of, either you can tell us or we can back into how much you're in applied or industrial business was down in the quarter? And I have a follow-up.
Rob Friel: Yeah. So is the question specifically on food, Steve?
Steve Willoughby: I mean, I guess it's really like we try to look at how much of the industrial business was down for the applied business to be flat.
Rob Friel: That's a good point I think. So industrial and environmental is down mid-single digits in the quarter. As I actually think that speaks to the portfolio evolution of PerkinElmer, so being up 5% when industrial and environmental is down mid-single digits, again as I think another example of how we transformed the portfolio, but to specifically answer your question, not about
Steve Willoughby: Yeah. It does.
Rob Friel: I think that's the point you should have reinforced. If you go back a couple of years ago, I think one of the -- I used to hear from the investors, the concern was how tied was PerkinElmer to the industrial macro grow side. And then, of course, the other question was how tight is PerkinElmer to newborn screening and said differently birthrate. And if you look at this quarter as Jamey pointed out this is a good indication of the changes we made in the portfolio. So as Jamey said industrial was down mid single. And if you look at birthrate, they were down in U.S., they were down in Europe and they were down in China. And as you heard earlier, our reproductive business was up high single and diagnostics grew 9%. So those speak a little bit to the migration of the portfolio. And, of course, that's something we have talked about to not only being higher growth but more resilient.
Steve Willoughby: I appreciate that Rob, thank you. Jamey, just one follow-up for you on margins. Operating margins were up 50 basis points year-over-year this quarter, sorry, 70 basis points this year and a quarter. And it looks like gross margins were down just any color there at all?
Jamey Mock: Yeah. So a little bit of this Steve was foreshadowed in the first quarter when we expanded margins 130 basis points. And if you remember we said that we were going to have -- we had a greater mix of EUROIMMUN reagents in the first quarter and that we have a greater mix of instruments in the second quarter. So much of that's entire explanation down from I think 51.3 to 51.0 is just due to the EUROIMMUN instrument mix that is coming through and it was quite strong in the quarter. So EUROIMMUN was up mid-teens and we're thrilled with the performance, but it had a little bit of impact on a quarter-over-quarter. Through the first half, I think we're up about 40 basis points on gross margin and I think that's how we're kind of penciled it in for the year, it's about 40 to 50 in the gross margin line.
Steve Willoughby: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Schenkel. Your line is open.
Chris Lin: Hi, good afternoon. This is Chris on for Dough today. Thanks for taking my questions. Just to follow-up on China. I believe you noted that the China weakness is expected to be transitory. So with that in mind, when do you expect China to recover and then longer term, how does this impact your 2020 organic revenue growth target?
Rob Friel: So some of this is transitory to your point Chris, I mean, MOFCOM approvals are difficult for us to control here, some of the shift in labs, some government to third parties also quite transitory. Right now, we're just assuming the second half that we're not going to bank on a giant change there. A little bit of uptick versus what we've seen in the applied markets there in the first half, but it's not a lot -- it's not a significant portion of the DAS increase in the second half versus the first half.
Jamey Mock: Yeah. And I would just say, what you're picking up in a sort of transitory is that we think longer term China is still great place to be at to the second largest economy in the world. We think it's going to grow particularly in the segments that we operate in. So I think what you're hearing is while for the second half, we are not assuming any change, but when we start thinking about this longer-term, we still think China is a good place to be and we are continuing to sort of increase our investments and our presence here.
Chris Lin: Okay. Got it. Then Rob, in your prepared remarks, I think you noted that EUROIMMUN had the strongest topline growth quarters since the acquisition. Can you just provide a bit more detail in that comment, really what enabled this record quarter? And I am particularly curious on how North America operations contributed to that performance? Thank you.
Rob Friel: Yes. EUROIMMUN in the quarter again I think it was up 17% on an organic basis, so very strong. And it was broad-based. I mean, we saw it sort of across the globe, whether it was Europe, China or Americas. Americas was particularly strong and I think it was reinforcing for us to see that some of the things we have talked about in the past and some are the synergistic aspects of the acquisition are starting to come through now. So clearly, we're seeing EUROIMMUN do a good job of penetrating new markets, new geographies. Your MPIs are continuing to kick in. I think Prahlad mentioned the fact that we are cooperating or doing joint venture between our genetic testing business and EverlyWell. EverlyWell that sort of expand out into the food intolerance. And they have some new products. And of course, that was one of the things we liked about EUROIMMUN that they're very innovative, that we introduced the new random access analyzer through to the market this quarter. So there's really a host of things, but particularly in the Americas, which I know was one of your questions it was very strong in Americas in the second quarter.
Chris Lin: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: The next question comes from Bill Kirk. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks. This is Dan on for Bill. So my first question is in terms of the NIPT commercial institution ramp, it sounds like the strategy to differentiate your offering is softer this entire cycle of reproductive products. Can you just how the strategy is attractive to different geographies, different payers and then just maybe just if you're focusing on gaining mine share with OB/GYN community as well as the patient's community and then the importance of that as well?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. So the question around NIPT and Vanadis for us, we continue to see that to be on track for what we have said around 30 installations for the year. The data our customers are generating in fact what we are seeing is better than what we've generated in our own labs for CE marking study. So we feel really good and the RAM process for early adopters is going well. In regards to the overall OB/GYN mind share, most of our focus right now has been in Europe and in the APAC market and we see very good feedback from our customers and KOL's.
Rob Friel: And I would just reinforce, the value proposition for Vanadis is fundamentally, it's easy to use. We think it's low cost and it's very accurate. So while it won't work for everyone that want to get a lot of detail relative to the genetic makeup, I think for the large majority of our customers and again we have a lot of familiarity with screening versus diagnostic testing. We think Vanadis is a very effective product. We're looking for accurate easy-to-use sort of low-cost screening.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks guys. That's helpful. And then just one more just shifting over to the cannabis opportunity, it sounds like it's doing very well you said it outpace 2018. That suggests its tracking pretty well out of your target. First, do think there's any adjustments there need to be made? And then I'm just kind of wondering what's driving the uptake? I know previously you mentioned that Emerald test bench and Vanadis status, if you could just spot out some color there. Thanks guys.
Prahlad Singh: I think the time that we are trying to bring customer a full total workflow solution to our customers. As they are setting up their lab, bringing in the front end and the full solution along with the software is really gaining traction with the market place. And then I think as the growth continues to go in that market via -- being an early provider of a fully consumer workflow solution is gaining traction. And in addition to that, if you get the total birth of offering that we bring to the table, it is also very amenable and attractive to the consumer.
Jamey Mock: In terms of the target, you asked Dan, we said it could double this year from 10 to 20. So we're basically on pace with that, so maybe this a little bit of improvement to that which is why we might see DAS second half kind of pick up from here.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brandon Couillard. Your line is open.
Brandon Couillard: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. On the DAS business, you said you can quantify the impact of the MOFCOM exploit clinics the way using the thorough the piece that out relative to just start a broader macro environment. So again you think on your op structure was a little less disruptive to the business in the second quarter?
Rob Friel: Sure. I'll start and Prahlad can jump in. So on MOFCOM brand we're try not to target all the time here but it is probably $4-ish million to the quarter. So, it might be 1 point for DAS and 0.5 points overall for PerkinElmer, just to answer that question. And TBD online that gets resolved. We're obviously monitoring it. I mentioned I met with MOFCOM when I was over there. They were sympathetic. And trying and we'll see what happens there. In terms of organizational disruption, I don't think that had an impact on the quarter whatsoever. I think most of the commercial and kind of product management moves which is made recently here. And I think before that it was largely around R&D, which I think Prahlad talked about in the last call, in some operations and back-office function. So, I think people are excited about organizational move. And its not an impact.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. I mean, in fact Brandon, the impact of the changes that we are bringing to the feet of the Street is really very minimal. And the idea actually has emanated from the field. What we're really putting is the tools and processes in place that maximizes the opportunities that we have in front of us.
Brandon Couillard: Okay thanks and then follow-up for Jamey. Just on the working capital items despite the elongated shift cycle, the higher inventory levels at EUROIMMUN. Why is that occurring now? And do you think those are structural and is 90%-plus conversion still relevant number to think about perhaps for 2020?
Jamey Mock: Yeah. I think it's some -- some of these have been happened a lot over time, but a lot of these were revolving. So and we are growing faster. I mean if you look at informatics, we like the subscription model. So historically, and I think you mentioned this also with the ASC 606 discussion, we used to sell personal license we much prefer to have a subscription model, that kind of brings in annuity for years to come. As we continue to push that product and I think it is performing very well. Similar on cannabis, so cannabis is probably surpassing our expectations a little bit here. And I think those customers might require something like 90 days term. So, a lot of this is related to growth Brandon which I think is a good thing. EUROIMMUN inventories at the same way, our NPIs were trying to accelerate in the second half of the year. So we can hit 2020 with a head of steam here. So I think much of this is just related to the fact that we are just growing faster.
Brandon Couillard: Good thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Derik DeBruin. Your line is open.
Derik DeBruin: Hi. Good afternoon.
Rob Friel: Good afternoon.
Jamey Mock: Hey, Derik.
Derik DeBruin: Hey, so Ive got four questions. So here we go. So first one gross margin, so, gross margin for the quarter was below what we had forecasted quite a bit. But yet your SG&A was also quite a bit lower, so that offset. How should we think about this pace into the rest of the year? And I would've thought the gross margin would have been higher just given the lower DAS contribution and a higher EUROIMMUN contribution for the quarter?
Rob Friel: Yeah. I'll try to answer that just a little bit here. But if you remember, we tried to foreshadow and we have been out there externally as well recently. That said, the first quarter was a little high on the gross margin side and on the operating margin side. And the second will be lighter, because we knew the EUROIMMUN instruments will be coming in the second quarter. So that's the drag on gross margin at least from a year-over-year standpoint. And some of our new businesses like genomics testing is performing extremely well. That put in a bit of drag. But in general we're kind of in line with where we thought through the first half here. After the sequencing for the second half, I think it's pretty similar. I think the way we think about 2019 is probably 40 to 50 basis points and the gross margin line and then 120 to 150 on the operating margin line. So there's a decent amount we've been saying we've invested a lot in people, we've invested a lot in our sales force. And therefore we can leverage that now so using some of the base cost of risk and some good cost control come through. And that's how I think about 2019.
Derik DeBruin: Great, hey Rob could you talk a little bit more about the pressure and the anti-U.S. bias in China? That was sort of a striking comment and can you provide some specific examples. And I guess that leads to the question earlier than starting to see our price accomplishments on the Chinese markets from other non-Chinese vendors that should be playing there?
Rob Friel: Yeah. So Derik I would say there has been set of three instances where we've heard of specific tenders that we were told that we won these are sort of government businesses. And then in the process of documentation, we got flipped to a local. And I would say at this point it's a couple of points, so you wouldn't say we're greatly concerned about it, but its -- I would say in the second quarter, it's the first time where we can point to specific examples of where we think there's been a little bit of anti-U.S. bias. What we're doing to deal with it is continuing to move as much manufacture as we think makes sense over to China because what they in essence say is a lot of it is because it is not produced in China, so we're trying to alleviate that concern first. Ultimately, whether it's U.S.-owned, obviously, can be difficult for us to deal with, but that's how we deal with it in the short-term.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And on the -- going back to -- since you mentioned Canada number of times, I'll jump on that wagons too. So, can you talk about how big the market opportunity is for the life sciences space? And just of like I haven't really seen a good estimate for the TAM on that one that's adjustable by the tools market and your idea on what that's market is going?
Rob Friel: Derik, you can put me in the camp, I don't know if we have a great handle on the total market. I mean we try to estimate what it is. I think right now it is probably $100 million, $150 million market something like that. But I think it's growing very quickly. And I think it's growing because you are seeing two opportunities. I would say on the marijuana side, which is probably growing the slowest is you see the opportunities for analytical instruments to help with sort of efficacy quality and safety. On the sort of more Hemp and CBD side, you are seeing a lot of growth in being able to control how much TSC -- THC is in the product so that it doesn't run afoul of the regulations. So, it's really -- and that's probably going faster actually.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And following on Vanadis, I guess, revenue expectations for 2019 if you care to share that. And sort of like how we should think about that accelerating into 2020?
Rob Friel: Yes, Derik, I think as we talked about in the past, we're trying to stay away from 2019 from a revenue perspective and really talk about installations. And I think the reason for that is we want to get the installations out there. And again it's a little bit, because it's early days, hard to predict how much are going to sort of buy the instruments and how many of them are going to do a reagent, and of course, that has a significant impact on the -- side of things. So, we said for 2019, let's really focused on getting it out there, we set a goal of 30 installations. As we said we're sort of halfway through the year. We think we're right on track and so we continue to be very bullish on Vanadis. I think the revenue -- the significant revenue should occur starting in 2020.
Derik De Bruin: And then let me just ask if you look at 30 installations and what we should think about is a relative revenue per box in terms of consumable pull-through?
Rob Friel: Yes, Derik, I think we need a little bit more experience with the sort of volume through the lab before I want to commit to a number there.
Derik De Bruin: Okay, that's great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Catherine Schulte. Your line is open.
Catherine Schulte: Great. Thanks for the questions. First on EUROIMMUN, on last quarter's call, you talked about the goal of getting to 50% market share in the U.S. autoimmune screening business. Has that played out as you expected?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Catherine with the new and -- with the recent buy that Rob mentioned in the recent trend we had, we are going to get to 50% screening in the AMA market.
Catherine Schulte: All right. Great. And then on China Jamey you mentioned your conversations with some officials there on ways that you guys could work together further. Any details on specific steps you're taking to improve that DAS supply business absent any marked -- change in market dynamics? And then for the focus on local manufacturing in China, are there any particular product lines that you're prioritizing for that?
Jamey Mock: First, we talked a lot to the National Health Commission around diagnostics and expanding newborn screening. I know you asked about DAS, but that's primarily where they asked for the most help. So, we've been working with them. We've been investing and training for all the physicians, particularly, as you go west and frankly, through the one belt one road all the way down to Africa. So, we think that opens up geographic expansion in China as well as menu expansion if we can get some of our QSight and mass spec in there because that was just CFDA-approved recently. I'd say from a localization standpoint, we bought SSI which is a localized spectroscopy manufacturing site. So, I'd say we've had five or six facilities now and on EUROIMMUN localizing more SSI on the analytical side is localizing more. We have Taichung, which is doing well. So, we're doing pretty well and let China go as fast as we can here.
Catherine Schulte: Great. And then are you guys still confident in at least 7% organic growth in 2020? And assuming that you'll need to get DAS back to mid-single-digit growth to do that, do you think you can get it there, just through the new product introductions or would you need to see market improvements in area like China applied as well?
Rob Friel: So I would say, we continue to be confident in our ability to get to high single digits in 2020. Obviously, we are not giving guidance, but I would say, given the market conditions we see right now, I think we can still achieve high single-digit.
Catherine Schulte: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Muken. Your line is open. Please ask your one question and one follow-up.
Luke Sergott: Okay. Thanks. This is Luke on for Ross today. Just real quick on China, so there's a lot of issues with several of your peers going on there particularly in the food market, are you guys seeing opportunities for share gains? Or is it just paying to every U.S. Company right now?
Rob Friel: I think, when you talk about China food at least from our perspective, you sort of need to separate it into two different markets. So what we're seeing is where we're supplying products to the producers of the food and this probably falls more in sort of the grain and dairy area. We continue to see pretty good growth there. Where we are seeing sort of headwind is when you're supplying the labs. And I think that this location there is we're seeing a move from that being fundamentally, historically done by public labs, it's now moving out into more private labs. And I think thats the disruption that some of the other peers have talked about and we're seeing that as well. It's just because we have the other aspect of it, we have probably a little less of an impact. But of course, we are seeing them on the lab side.
Jamey Mock: And with regard to China food, we're very bullish. So, I mean if you look at that, we think that safety market is going to grow. We think quality will grow. If you look at the rising middle class there, the number of exports they have coming in, I think longer-term, China food is a place that were very bullish on it. I think, we're going through some short-term headwinds here.
Luke Sergott: Yes. That makes sense. And I guess, just following up on that and your focus on improving the overall workflows around your different markets and customers, I guess reproductive would be an example of this and showing how that's grown versus you used to be just tied to birth-weights. Can you talk about other businesses where you're focusing on that? And how much going forward can we look out for new contracts like you saw the multi-million one that you guys called out?
Prahlad Singh: Yes. The applied genomics Luke is another example, where now we have a validated flexible workflows all the way from sample to sequence. So, the ability to provide a front end extraction, liquid handling, reagents and kits and library prep is another example that sort of allows us to do that. Similarly, cannabis is another example where we now I -- we can add the front end to it -- sort of the front end that goes along with the whole workflow and the software that provides a solution, so those are a couple of examples. In the life sciences and other area, we are in now with the inclusion of Cisbio in our portfolio, we can add our readers and our reagents and provide a whole portfolio of fluorescence whether its around with HTRF, alpha or DELFIA technology that gives the consumer the flexibility to choose and pick as to what they want to. So, these are a few examples where the total workflow solution comes into play.
Luke Sergott: Okay. And I guess, is there a chance to even accelerate EUROIMMUN using this strategy as well?
Prahlad Singh: So EUROIMMUN is already sort of -- as Jamey pointed out, alluded to it, its already, we can see the benefits of it not just for me technologies energy perspective which we have talked about around antibodies and antigens earlier, but now the capability of bringing EUROIMMUN, Tulip and Cisbio gives us an opportunity where we have sort of centers of excellence around antibody and antigens and then leveraging that to develop assays across different end market segments.
Luke Sergott: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jack Meehan. Please ask your one question and one follow-up. Your line is open.
Andrew Wald: Hi, this is Andrew Wald on for Jack. So you called out high single-digit growth in the Americas. Could you provide some more commentary on the strength in the region?
Rob Friel: Sure. Yes. It's pretty broad based Andrew. So, diagnostics is up high single digits and DAS is doing pretty well at mid-single digits as well. So, I think, I'll start with the DAS side because that's a little bit different than low single digits we are seeing. I mean, a lot of that is driven by cannabis, a lot of that is driven by life sciences, so we think in particular life sciences in the America is going quite well. We mentioned imaging and detection and informatics and our enterprise business are all performing nicely. So I think that kind of covers DAS. And then in diagnostics, we've got the genomics testing business we highlighted, so that's going well. Thats largely U.S. based. EUROIMMUN, we highlighted in terms of the instrument order. So, hopefully that gives you a flavor, but Americas has been performing quite well.
Andrew Wald: Thanks. And could you provide more of an update on Tulip? Maybe, you can touch on some of the new offerings or synergies especially with EUROIMMUN? Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: Yes, to give you one example of that we've talked about earlier is the lateral flow technologies. Tulip itself continues to grow high single digits from an opportunity perspective, but really what we are now working on is the next generation of offerings around lateral flow for infectious diseases, leveraging the antibodies and antigens that are developed at EUROIMMUN and putting that through the Tulip channels, not just in India, but into other emerging markets.
Andrew Wald: Thanks.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back to our speakers.
Rob Friel: Well, thank you everyone for your questions. And just to summarize, we feel great about the first six months. As I mentioned, solid financial results, but probably more importantly, we continue to make terrific progress under the sort of long-term strategic priorities and we look forward to updating you next quarter on our progress in continuing to drive PerkinElmer to higher growth, increased resilience and greater profitability. Thank you and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. And thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect. Presenters, stay online for post-conference.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the PerkinElmer First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time.  As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Bryan Kipp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Bryan Kipp: Thank you, Joel. Good afternoon, and welcome to PerkinElmer's first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. With me on the call are; Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Prahlad Singh, President and Chief Operating Officer; Jamey Mock Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until May 9. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our statement -- even if our estimates change, so you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any other date after today. During this call, we will also be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent, we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I am now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel.
Rob Friel: Thanks, Bryan, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report PerkinElmer had a very good start 2019 delivering a strong performance in the first quarter. Revenue for the first quarter was $649 million, representing organic growth of 5%. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.69, representing growth of 10% over Q1 last year and $0.03 better than our guidance. EPS feat was attributable to slightly higher organic revenue growth in the quarter and better operating margin expansion, as adjusted operating margins increased 130 basis points in the quarter. In addition, we continue to execute on plans to invest in high-growth areas, shift the organization to a more unified structure and further improve operating margins. From an end-market perspective, the first quarter played out similar to our expectations, except that we were able to ship about half of the revenue we thought we would miss as a result of the U.S. government shutdown.
Prahlad Singh: Thanks, Rob. As I mentioned during last year's - our last quarter's earnings call we are rallying around an end-market approach to create the most advanced solutions for our customers in the key markets we serve. This approach will enable us to drive leadership across our priority end markets whether through the differentiated solutions, we are creating to meet customer needs or strategic partnerships and acquisitions that will deliver incremental value to our customers, while focused on solving the next big thing in science and health care. In that regard, I've had the opportunity of spending a great amount of time, this past quarter meeting with customers, employees and shareholders across all of PerkinElmer and it has further reinforced the need and opportunity for us to move forward on this strategy.
Jamey Mock: Thanks Prahlad, and good evening everyone. I want to start with the financial highlights for the first quarter of 2019. Next, I'll provide some additional color on our served end markets and detail on other financial metrics. I'll finish by providing a brief update on how we are thinking about the rest of 2019. Turning to the first quarter results. We continue to be pleased with the strength in our business as organic revenue grew approximately 5%. Reported revenue in the first quarter of $649 million, included a 4% foreign exchange headwind and net acquisition had a negligible impact. As discussed in our previous guidance for the quarter, the temporary U.S. government shutdown created a delay in the approval process for an export-controlled product, which led to a 1% headwind in the quarter. Both segments and geographies grew in line with our initial assumptions heading into the year. Diagnostics representing 40% of total sales grew 9% organically, driven by broad based growth across our reproductive health, applied genomics and immunodiagnostics business lines.
Operator: Thank you.  In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Our first question comes from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Willoughby: Hi. Good evening. A question for you, just on guidance first, Jamey. You beat here by $0.03 in the first quarter. This acquisition you're saying is $0.02 accretive. It looks like your interest expense for the year might be coming down a few million as well. What is the offset then that you're only raising your full year guidance by $0.02? And then I have one follow-up.
Jamey Mock: Sure. Thanks for the question Steve. So, yes, the $0.03 beat in the first quarter, we think a couple of pennies will come back in the second quarter, that's due to the extra organic revenue growth for the export-controlled products as well as a little bit of margin expansion with a little bit of timing. The offset to the extra penny is a little bit -- actually a little bit extra interest expense in the year, because our pre-cash flow performance in the first quarter was a little less than expected. So I think you might be referring to total -- that the number that I quoted was total interest expense and other and that was $60 million as our guidance for the year.
Steve Willoughby: Okay, great. And then, I was just wondering if someone could comment and provide a little bit more color, just on how the Vanadis rollout is going? How discussions as it relates to reimbursement is going? How people are seeing throughput, et cetera? And maybe an update on when we will see some clinical publications on that.
Prahlad Singh: Yes. Steve, this is Prahlad. So the Vanadis installations are going per plan that we have shared earlier. We've had 13 installations by the end of Q1. I personally have visited the first seven customers over the last month and the feedback has been very positive. And generally customers continue to remain excited. We have a pretty strong pipeline. So that's from an installation and a current status perspective. We have submitted publication. So hopefully it's going through the peer review process and that provides data around all the CE-IVD, the clinical arm the CE Mark that was submitted. In the U.S. we've -- as you know we've got the women and infants -- the value study that's ongoing. We've just very initially begun discussions and started exploring as to what our strategies should be around payers. So it's still in its early stages in regards to reimbursement.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Patrick Donnelly: Great, thanks guys. Rob, maybe one for you, just on China, we've seen some mixed data points there. You had one peer who saw a decline called out a few specific areas of weakness, another peer put up a really strong quarter sounded bullish across the board. And then on the more macro side, we saw some core industrial companies report even today kind of blaming the macro in China and saw a big slowdown there. I know you guys had high single kind of removing onetime stuff. So, can you just provide your perspective on that market help us think about the state of the market there during the quarter and then also just to go forward?
Rob Friel: Yeah. So, for us, it was a good quarter in China. I would say the majority of our end markets continue to see good growth. So, if you look particularly in the diagnostic side, EUROIMMUN did well. Our immunodiagnostic business continues to do pretty well. And so I would say, on the diagnostic side we saw a good strength. On the Pharma aside we continue to see good strength. But I would say to the extent, that was somewhat offset by weakness more on the applied markets. And we think some of them are maybe timing related. But as you said, when you exclude the sort of onetime impact of the export-controlled product, we were sort of high-single digits. So we feel pretty good about the China momentum going into the second quarter.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. And then maybe just on DAS, calling for pretty healthy uptick to mid-single digits in 2Q, facing a significantly more difficult comp. I know you touched on a bit. But can you just talk through the moving pieces there how much visibility you have? And what drives that business really higher on kind of a two-year stack number?
Rob Friel: So, first of all, we did see strong growth or continued strong growth in the Pharma biotech which is sort of high-single digits for us in the first quarter. We think that continues. Some of that was offset from some academic markets that were quite frankly timing related. There were a number of items there, that sort of caused that to be actually negative in the quarter, we don't think that's a market phenomenon. We think that's unique to a couple of things we had. So, if academic goes back to sort of positive, we think that will drive life sciences to sort of mid- to high-single digits. And then as I mentioned before, there was some things in the implied markets outside the U.S. that I think -- when we look at the bookings we're fairly confident that we'll return that business to sort of mid-single digits despite the difficult comp with last year.
Patrick Donnelly: Yeah. Thats very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Chris McCabe: Hey. Good afternoon. This is Chris on for Doug today. Thanks for taking my question. So, just based on your Q2 core revenue guidance, it looks like, the core revenue growth for the year is back-end loaded. By our math you're essentially guiding to 6.5% to 7% core growth in the second half relative to a 5% growth in the first half. So with that in mind, can you just walk us through the key drivers behind the 150 basis points to 200 basis points of revenue growth deceleration in the second half?
Rob Friel: So why don't I take the revenue and then maybe Jamey can talk a little bit about the margin. But, I think actually going into the year we talked about the fact that the back end will be a little better from both a revenue perspective as well as a margin perspective. And a lot of that is because a lot of the growth accelerators that Prahlad mentioned, so whether it's our genetic testing business, whether it's Vanadis, whether it's some of the MPIs that are coming out later in the year will ramp up the revenue growth. And that also impacts our margins to some extent. But I'll let Jamey speak to the margins then.
Jamey Mock: Yeah. That's what I was going to say. So, 130 basis points of margin expansion in the first quarter, the first half of the year Chris is probably 46% to 47% of our revenue. And so we get a lot more volume leverage in the second half of the year. So if we're in the 120 range already in the first half, we feel very confident in the 120 to 150 for the total year. Thank you.
Chris McCabe: Okay. And then for my follow-up question, could you just provide a bit more on Europe performance, specifically why end markets were soft there. And do you expect that to remain here for the balance of the year? And maybe just more broadly, are there any major changes to your end market or geographic growth assumptions for the year?
Rob Friel: Yeah. I would say the pressure we saw in Europe was largely in the applied markets and also academic. And that really put some pressure on our DAS growth rates. The majority of our Diagnostics business continued to do well in Europe. And so for Europe overall we were just slightly negative. And then your question whether we do think that's going to come back somewhat in the remainder of the year, I think we talked in the beginning of the year of targeting Europe at sort of low single-digits. And we still think that's the appropriate number for Europe.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks and good afternoon.
Rob Friel: Good afternoon, Brandon.
Brandon Couillard: On the Cisbio deal, could you help us kind of understand what the growth profile of that asset is? And any opportunities you might see to accelerate growth or profitability under the Perkin umbrella?
Rob Friel: Yeah. So I would say we're quite excited about this acquisition because we think it's extremely complementary to what we do on drug Discovery. And so I mentioned a little bit in my prepared remarks, but we think with Cisbio combined with our strength in some of the areas particularly around luminescence. And so we do a lot of work around luminescence. They have a very strong fluorescent portfolio of assays. Of course then when you combine that with our automation and detection, we can now go with a fully automated workflow whether it's reagents plates, automation detection information. So all the drug discoveries and I had alluded to before, we're the only company now that can provide all three assay tests for on a homogeneous. So, whether you want to look at luminescence, whether you want to look at fluorescence, or whether you want to look at radiometric. So we think by combining our efforts with Cisbio's capabilities, we can accelerate the growth. And historically they've grown fairly well. So we think this business with PerkinElmer definitely gets into the high-single digits maybe even a little bit better than that. The other aspect I alluded to is I think you know well, we have a very strong imaging portfolio whether it's high content or whether it's in vivo. But generally up to this point we've been principally around in instruments and software and no other firms so sell the cellular imaging reagents that go with our imaging instruments. While with Cisbio's technology and capabilities, we'll be able to expand in the cellular imaging reagents and consumables. And so, therefore, we'll be able to go to our customers with a package with the instruments software and the assays. And I think that further drives incremental growth between the two companies.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. And just a quick follow-up for Jamey. Could you help us with the impact of currency on the gross and operating margin lines? And any impact on EPS in the quarter?
Jamey Mock: Yeah. Gross operating margin, foreign exchange was probably about 20 basis points. And on an operating margin it was about 30 basis points with regards to foreign exchange.
Brandon Couillard: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Paul Knight with Janney. Your line is now open.
Rob Friel: Paul, we can't hear you.
Paul Knight: Hey, can you hear me now, Rob?
Rob Friel: Yes, Paul. How are you?
Paul Knight: Congratulations on your new IR person.
Rob Friel: I understand, he was trying to rob.
Paul Knight: Anyway. Hey, Rob can you talk about China. I mean you were one of the early innovators there with SYM-BIO. Is that -- can you also talk about your M&A pipelines specifically in that market? And my next question would be your U.S. penetration now in Diagnostics with your broader product line? Thanks.
Rob Friel: Yes. So why don't I take the China discussion I'll pass it over to Prahlad on the U.S. and I assume you're talking mostly with EUROIMMUN on the U.S. penetration? But as you pointed out, we were fairly early in the China market. SYM-BIO brought us some terrific distribution capabilities and then we've added with high wound blood screening in a number of other areas. So -- and of course EUROIMMUN brings a very strong capability in China. So I think first of all looking at the diagnostic side, we feel very good about our capabilities. We continue to look for opportunities from an inorganic perspective to add to that and we invest a lot of time and effort in that regard. And I guess I would say stay tuned on that one. Where we've been a little bit more active recently is on the DAS side. And as you saw over the last sort of year or two, we've been adding some assets on the analytical instruments side. We're looking very active in the applied markets like for areas like food and other areas that are higher growth areas and I'd say very active there and hopefully we'll have something to talk about maybe later this year. Let me turn it over to Prahlad maybe he can talk a little bit about the EUROIMMUN penetration in the U.S.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. Thanks, Rob. And Paul I think EUROIMMUN continues to do well in the U.S. As I mentioned they got two approvals on celiac markers this quarter. They continued to grow well, they had a major lab victory, which will not only give them instrument penetration but also continued asset penetration over the years. They grew low double digits in the first quarter and we see very good traction for the rest of the year.
Paul Knight: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks. This is Dan  on for Bill. First on Tulip, it sounds like growth was strong in the quarter. I think you said double digits. Could you just provide an update there? And then any insight on new offerings as well? Thanks.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. Tulip, again as you said it continues to do well, they had double-digit growth and their pipeline is growing both not just in India, but we are also looking at how do we take the product portfolio out into some of the other emerging markets. So great traction there they had a very good 2018 and a very good start to the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks. And then I'm a millennial. So stereotypically, I'd ask about cannabis. Do you guys have any update on what kind of market opportunity you're seeing there?
Rob Friel: Yes. So you know we talked in the beginning of the year of the opportunity to probably double that business in 2019. And just a reminder, we did about $10 million last year. So we're -- got to go about $20 million and I would say we saw strong growth in the first quarter and we think we're on -- well on track to at least do $20 million in 2019.
Unidentified Analyst: Awesome. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Mitch Petersen: Hey. Thank you. This is actually Mitch Petersen on for Jack this afternoon. So pretty good growth out of OneSource in the quarter I was just hoping you could unpack that for us a little bit. I know you're expecting to lap some enterprise wins there. And then, as we think about the balance of the year, do you think the high single-digit growth rate from 1Q 2019 is sustainable for the remainder of 2019? Thanks.
Jamey Mock: Hey, Mitch it's Jamey. Thanks for the question. So yes. I mean, OneSource is going as planned. So we still feel confident in the high single-digits for the year. As we mentioned before, we're looking at some tenders that we think could land in the second half maybe late maybe have an impact to that, but still feel good about it and I think no change in the overall guidance.
Mitch Petersen: Great. That's helpful. And then maybe just to confirm, it sounds like you pulled in half of what you expected from the U.S. government shutdown. Do you expect to recoup the other half of that in the second quarter?
Jamey Mock: Yes. That's right. It's a -- we got about half in the first quarter. So going back to Steve's point and some of the questions around DAS mid single-digits in the second quarter we get -- that we expect some of that -- the second portion of that to come in the second quarter, which also helps give confidence to mid single-digits for DAS in the second quarter.
Mitch Petersen: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ross Muken with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Luke Sergott: Hey, guys. This is Luke on for Ross today. Just real quick a couple of housekeeping ones. Did you break out the -- by your expectations for guidance by segment? I think I missed that one.
Rob Friel: Expectations for Q2? Or for the year?
Luke Sergott: Yes. For 2Q.
Jamey Mock: No. No. We didn't give the expectations for 2Q. But I think generally speaking probably high single-digits for Diagnostics mid single-digits for DAS is the way to think about 2Q.
Luke Sergott: Okay. That's great. And I guess on the just sticking with the Diagnostics growth and how strong it's been over the last couple of quarters, how much of that is due to strong market conditions and just high-growth markets speaking of immunodiagnostics et cetera? And how much of that is really your expanding portfolio and kind of everything starting to come together for you guys?
Prahlad Singh: I think it's a combination of both. If you look at it from the reproductive health perspective, I think despite strained growth rates we have expanded the business and that's happening because we are adding new test menus with lysosomal disorders and NeoBase two approvals that have come through. And similarly, on the applied genomics side and EUROIMMUN, we see good traction for those product portfolio in emerging markets. So I think it's a combination of both.
Luke Sergott: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Savi  on for Derik today. Thank you for the questions. So first question is for the applied market. So I know -- I appreciate the color provided so far, but then some of your competitors caught out some choppiness in the food market, particularly in China. Just wondering if you've seen any of that? If so, when can we expect that to go away? Thanks.
Rob Friel: Yes. I would say we probably saw some of that in China. But quite frankly, one of dynamics that are going on in the China market right now as you probably heard from our competitors as well is there is some shifting in testing going from government labs to more private-based labs. And a lot of these private-based labs do more than food. So they will test for environmental and they'll test for food and they may do other types of things. So quite frankly for our first quarter in particular, there may be noise in sort of was it environmental lab or was it a food lab. And so we're still trying to get better color behind that. But clearly, we've seen a little bit of a reduction in food testing as the shift has occurred from public labs to private labs. But we do think it's somewhat temporary and as we think about food for 2019, we expect it will continue to do strong growth in China.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that's very helpful. Just a follow-up. I apologize if I missed it earlier. Just wanted to get more color on the pacing for the rest of the year. So, anything that we should think about for the rest of the quarters regarding organic growth and margin trends throughout the year just given the more difficult comps? Thank you.
Rob Friel: No, I mean as we think about the first quarter, it came in pretty much as we expected. And so we'd say that we think the year is going to play out pretty much as we expected which will be a little stronger growth in the back half. We talked a little bit about that earlier. So, we think our back half organic growth is probably in the 6.5%, 7% range. And then as we think about operating margin expansion, we also think that's a little heavier in the back half. So, if you think about maybe 100 basis points or so in the first half and then stronger growth in the back half so that we average that 120 to 150 for the year. Again that's very consistent with what we talked about in January.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Dan Brennan with UBS. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. This is Tim on for Dan. Would you be able to get a little more granular about your applied growth? I know it's low single-digits in the quarter but could you maybe give us a breakout of the industrial versus environmental versus food?
Rob Friel: So, industrial and environmental, we really don't sort of breakdown. And again part of that is it's becoming increasingly more difficult with our customer base is it really definitively defined what's being done on from an environmental testing perspective on what's been testing for other things. So, we've sort of put those together. But if you look at industrial and food we think that was sort of low to mid-single-digits. And as I mentioned before food was down largely outside the U.S. U.S. is very strong sort of mid-teens. And if you look at it from a geographic perspective applied was sort of mid-singles in Americas up sort of low to mid-single depending on how you consider the government control the product and Europe was down a little bit. So, low single-digits.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And could you talk a little bit about Cisbio just in terms of your overall M&A strategy going forward? Do you see other deals of this size kind of in the pipeline? Was this a particularly competitive deal? Is this an area where you think you might continue to focus? Just give us a little bit more color there.
Rob Friel: So, I would say generally our M&A strategy is sort of consistent with the overall company strategy which is we're trying to drive from an end market perspective into the more attractive end market for us which we think are life sciences food and diagnostics. So, those are areas that we think are very attractive because of the growth profile and also because we think we have some differentiated capabilities in those markets. We're also looking to continue to expand our capabilities globally. So, we've over the last couple of years been focused largely on emerging market growth. And then I would say the third aspect of it is we want to continue to drive our growth into areas that facilitate a workflow. So, obviously, we sell instruments we want to continue to build out our reagent assay and consumable as well as our informatics. So, that's the fundamental larger strategy that we're focusing on. Cisbio hit most, if not all those, obviously, provide a very strong capability in assays increased our exposure to the pharma and biotech market. And while they weren't significant in emerging markets, we think their capability combined with our distribution capability will be able to expand emerging market presence in the drug discovery space.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey thanks. Rob I guess on EUROIMMUN. I know you said double-digit growth. Can you just talk to how that compares to the full year guidance of 13% to 15%? And can you just maybe unpack China, Germany with the moderation versus U.S. and other emerging markets?
Rob Friel: Yes. So, EUROIMMUN pretty much came on track is what we expected. So, I would say EUROIMMUN when I think about the first quarter revenue was pretty much on. And we sort of mention this a little bit in the prepared remarks. We were pleasantly surprise on the operating margin side. They had a nice pickup in operating margin. Some of that is probably timing, because they sold a little less instruments in the quarter - no, sold a little bit more. But we think a lot of it is just better cost focus and cost management. And so we're excited about that, because we think that is one of the big levers to margin expansion as we started thinking about 2019, 2020 and 2021. So I think that's good. With regard to China and Germany, you're talking specifically for EUROIMMUN or for PerkinElmer?
Tycho Peterson: EUROIMMUN.
Rob Friel: Okay. So EUROIMMUN had another strong quarter in China, and it was up sort of mid-teens something like that. Maybe even a little bit better than that. I don't know Germany offhand. I can tell you sort of Europe was sort of mid-single.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then, on Vanadis, just curious about utilization at some of your early customers? And as we think about how many biochemicals within the labs have enough volume to achieve the 100 cost per test? Can you maybe just talk to how you plan to penetrate some of the lower volume labs?
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. Tycho, this is Prahlad. So the labs that we are focusing on right now, and obviously labs that have larger than, let's say, on average 5,000 tests, and that's where we are seeing a lot of interest coming in from. I think in some of the places or some of the countries where you would have lower volumes. We would probably look at either centralizing it to one lab there that could attract. And there are also facilities where we have our own labs. So that's in Kuala Lumpur or India or in the U.S. where we would look at putting Vanadis.
Tycho Peterson: Okay.
Jamey Mock: Tycho, just to clarify quickly it was high-single-digit EUROIMMUN in Europe.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then, just last one. It came out in the K. I think you guys had about a point benefit 1.3% organic growth from the ASC 606 switch last year. So as we think about that and the context of the underlying organic growth. Are you still comfortable with kind of the high-single-digit targets, that you put out there and the path to get there?
Jamey Mock: Yeah. We are, Tycho. And just to maybe explain that change last year. I mean the new revenue guidance enabled us to do some things operationally and commercially that we chose to do that was -- we are able to recognize revenue under 606 and we wouldn't have been able to under 605. But had 606 not coming around we still would have -- we just wouldn't have made those changes, and still had relatively the same amount of revenue growth year-over-year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Dan Leonard with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Mike Sarcone: Hey, guys. This is Mike Sarcone on for Dan Leonard. Just a few questions on EUROIMMUN. You had mentioned you're targeting 50% market share in the U.S. by the end of the year. Can you just tell us where you're starting from in terms of market share heading into 2019, and then maybe your confidence level around getting to 50%?
Prahlad Singh: I think just to give you a sense, I think on -- and this is again just to be specific around the autoimmune screening business. We would say that we are somewhere around 30%. And with some of the new forays that we have made in the lab, we think that by the end of the year we'll get to about 50% autoimmune screening.
Mike Sarcone: Got it. And one more on EUROIMMUN. I think on the last conference call you said, you had in the U.S. about 50 tests approved. Where do you stand today?
Prahlad Singh: Yeah. I think we are slightly over 60 now.
Mike Sarcone: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Robert Friel for any closing remarks.
Rob Friel: Well, great. Well, first of all thank you for your questions and your interest in PerkinElmer. So we think we're off to a great start this year to continue to drive our mission and continue to create value for our customers, shareholders, and employees. I look forward to updating you on our progress in the coming quarters. Thanks again for joining the call, and I hope everyone has a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2018 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Tommy Thomas: Thank you, Valerie. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings conference call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Prahlad Singh, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Jamey Mock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until February 14, 2019. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in the SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change, so you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent, we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert Friel: Thanks, Tommy, and good afternoon everyone. I'm pleased to report that PerkinElmer had a strong finish to 2018 with reported revenue in the fourth quarter increasing 18% over Q4 of 2017 and adjusted earnings per share growing 22%, leading both the top and bottom line of our previous guidance. Our revenue in the fourth quarter was $757 million, representing core organic growth of 7% excluding the impact from EUROIMMUN and our adjusted earnings per share was $1.18. These excellent fourth quarter results concluded the year in which we grew revenue and earnings over 20% relative to 2017, with reported revenue up 23% to $2.78 billion and adjusted earnings per share increasing 24% to $3.61. In addition, core organic growth for the full year was 7% and 8% when considering the impact of EUROIMMUN, resulting in significantly better 2018 financial results than our original guidance in January of last year. We're obviously very pleased with this performance and believe 2018 will mark an inflection point in our revenue growth, profitability, and just as importantly, our ability to make an increasingly positive impact on the quality of life across the globe. Reflecting on last year, we increased our operational execution across the Company, as the Discovery & Analytical Solutions organization has now matured its processes, leadership, and organizational structure and Diagnostics is becoming better integrated across the multiple acquisitions completed over the last few years. In addition, both businesses are experiencing excellent traction on their respective initiatives to accelerate growth beyond current levels. Clearly the portfolio and organizational changes we have made over the last few years have dramatically changed the revenue distribution of our end markets we serve, as well as our capabilities, geographic reach, and product mix. We entered 2019 with a much improved portfolio of businesses and a stronger organization that can better serve our customers, innovate breakthrough solutions, and infuse more simplicity into how we operate. Within Diagnostics, we've evolved from a business centered around the mother and child to a broader specialty Diagnostics provider due to our acquisitions of Tulip, Bioo Scientific, RHS, and EUROIMMUN, as well as breakthrough innovations now driving organic growth. As a result, we now have leading positions in reproductive health, emerging infectious diseases, autoimmune diseases and applied genomics, and have gained new technological skill sets across immuno and clinical chemistry, detection and automation, PCR, mass spec, NGS workflow and single cell genomics. Last year, we received CE-IVD marking for our Vanadis product, which we believe will dramatically increase the accessibility to noninvasive prenatal screening for many more women. The performance of EUROIMMUN continues to be strong as the business achieved mid-teens organic growth in 2018 and exceeded our plan for operating income. Also, we continue to recognize greater opportunities that benefit from end leverage, the capabilities of EUROIMMUN and PerkinElmer, as well as identifying additional synergistic opportunities in reagents, instruments and new markets. Finally, our product and services business targeted on genomics continues to expand capabilities and is experiencing strong market traction. With regards to innovation in new products, last year we generated over $67 million of incremental revenue from new product introductions, exceeding our target of $50 million and driving our vitality index from 28% to 32%. During last year, we increased our R&D spending by $47 million to 9.4% as a percentage of product revenue, up 20 basis points versus 2017. This increased spending not only resulted in incremental revenue but also enabled us to strengthen our scientific and technical capabilities in the key areas of genomics, infectious disease and digital, with most of our new R&D hires in these disciplines. Also during 2018, we continue to access disruptive technologies, executing seven key collaborations in equity investments, further accelerating innovation and access in some of our key growth areas, including reproductive health, and applied genomics, digital and pharmaceutical. In life sciences, we focused our new product introductions in the areas of imaging, reagents and software, and entered 2019 with a much more contemporary lineup of products to serve our pharmaceutical, biotech and academic customers. In addition, we continue to expand our value-added services and IT offerings across one source, bringing new tools, solutions and capabilities to our growing customers - growing base of customers. And within food analysis, we have extended our capabilities within food safety, research and quality, to address the rapidly growing demand for safe, healthy food, and credible science-backed cannabis-based products. Our broad portfolio allows us to serve as a complete food, cannabis and hemp science partner, with full lab solutions including our QSight technology. We now have over $200 million in revenue in the food segment, with cross-PKI offerings, dedicated R&D resources, and focused market specialists. Through the acquisitions of Dani Analitica and China-based Spectrum Instruments, we rapidly expanded our footprint and technical capabilities in the core market of gas chromatography. Dani has critical software and essential technology to revitalize our GC portfolio gain share across several key market segments, including ag-bio, environmental and pharma quality. The Spectrum acquisition provides a highly complementary atomic absorption product portfolio that fill the gap in the inorganic business for the high-growth China region, while also providing products directly into the local environmental, food, and industrial markets in China. Finally, we completed the divestiture of a quantitative pathology solutions business line to further streamline and focus our portfolio. Over the last three years, we executed against the well-defined strategy to shift our portfolio across markets, customers and products. As a result of these changes, we enter 2019 with over 80% of our revenue in the diagnostics, food and life science end markets, up from 50% four years ago. With the environmental and industrial end markets now representing less than 20% of our revenue versus 45% in 2014. From a geographic reach perspective, emerging markets now account for 40% of our revenue, up from 28% four years ago. Our product mix also has shifted significantly. In 2014 consumers - consumables, services and software accounted for 55% of our revenue. Today those products account for nearly 70%. For 2019, we will continue this overarching strategy to leverage our global capabilities in detection, imaging, assays and software to deliver differentiated solutions in priority end markets. As we are already driving several opportunities to deal this in specific end markets that we believe will deliver above-market growth rates. However, based on both our internal work, as well as work with external resources, we believe one of our greatest opportunities lies within the value that can be derived directly from intersections of our technologies and talent across end markets. We are clearly seeing the capabilities in applications that our customers are demanding by increasingly converging. For example, advanced pathogen-detection capabilities, usually in Diagnostics, are readily applicable to the food safety market. The same is true in other areas such as genomics, informatics and mass spec, whether based on shared technology platforms, the use of analytics, and the need for service, digital solutions or the call for integrated seamless customer experiences. Adding to this dynamic is the emerging role of artificial intelligence and machine learning for multiple uses in the life sciences, pharma, food and environmental testing, from detecting ingredient levels in crops to perfecting high-content screening. In recognition of these opportunities, we announced last month the appointment of Prahlad as President and Chief Operating Officer, to help accelerate and advance our capabilities from Diagnostics and DAS to better design, sell and service solutions in the context of our end markets. The new structure we begun to put in place will result in a more nimble focus and effective organization and we believe it poses a significant and unique advantage for PerkinElmer. With that perspective, I've asked Prahlad to discuss how he's approaching the opportunities made possible by the convergence occurring across our end markets. We see this as a powerful growth accelerator and differentiator for the Company and I'm pleased to have him lead that charge in his new expanded role. Prahlad?
Prahlad Singh: Thanks, Rob. PerkinElmer has made tremendous progress over the past several years by expanding in key markets and geographies, driving innovation and improving how we serve our customers. As Rob mentioned, we announced a unique opportunity to increase our impact and the rate of our growth by more seamlessly pulling from the full suite of capabilities available across our organization to serve each customer we have regardless of their end market. Over the next few minutes, I would like to describe how we think about this opportunity and how we will implement it, while continuing to drive our other key strategic priorities this year. Increasingly, solutions to critical problems within science and healthcare are converging. Our goal is to take full advantage of all of PerkingElmer's capabilities, insurance, consumables, software and services to create the most advanced solutions for our customers in the end markets we serve. Despite just a handful of instances of these market synergies, within food, quality and safety, the shift among scientists and researchers to focus on molecular and genomics calls for capability that PerkinElmer has developed within both Diagnostics and DAS businesses. We are therefore no longer viewing food as an analytical business but rather as a broader market with multiple opportunities for our technological capabilities. Or, if we look at our rare disease focused organizations, they are turning to genomic sequencing analysis to accelerate research and to guide drug development. In addition, precision medicine initiatives are employing informatics capabilities to harness big data and gain new insights on the development of lifesaving treatments. We are currently focused on reshaping our organization internally to leverage our capabilities across PerkinElmer so that we are better equipped to serve our customers and support our objectives to grow, innovate and simplify how we do business. This will require us to align our R&D and product management teams in a way that fully utilizes and integrates our capabilities, across businesses and geographies, driving collaboration and accelerating our pace of innovation. We will also ensure that our go-to-market strategy continues to provide a seamless value-add customer experience. Critical to our success will be our ability to affect these changes, while ensuring we continue to focus on three key priorities: number one, providing an exceptional customer experience; number two, being recognized as a leader in innovation; and number three, making people and culture a competitive advantage. Digitalization is a rapid in emerging macro trend that is a critical piece of our strategic priority around providing an exceptional customer experience. It will force us to evolve how we serve and can interact with our customers. In 2019, we will continue to improve our digital capabilities across the Company, while also reducing complexities so that we make it easier to do business with PerkinElmer. This simplify how we rally together to serve our customers. We will naturally be better able to meet their needs and adapt to their changing demands and new technologies. Now, talking about innovation, let me think about the increasingly complex and critical challenges that our customers are facing, it calls for thinking and innovating differently. The first step is to increase our agility and speed to market for introducing new products. This requires both cross-company innovation and generating novel ideas that integrate our core capabilities. With Vanadis and more recently with cannabis testing, our efforts to fully integrate total customer solutions in-house are paying dividends. We will drive more of these kind of breakthrough innovations by leveraging multiple internal capabilities from new markets. This will ensure that customers are turning to PerkinElmer first as a trusted and innovative partner. Our third strategic priority is around our people and culture. Building upon our progress from last year, we continue to create an environment that enables our employees to work at their best. First, adopting more entrepreneur behavior and challenging the status quo; second, sharing knowledge and insights through collaboration and teamwork; and third, seeking opportunities to develop skills and capabilities, as well as cross-business and cross-functional career moments. As more parts of the Company work closer together, identifying and making these opportunities possible should become easier. I'm excited about the opportunities in front of us and look forward to sharing the progress we make with you during the year. Thank you. And I'll now hand it over to Jamey to discuss our Q4 and 2018 financial results in more detail, as well as our 2019 guidance. Jamey?
Jamey Mock: Thanks, Prahlad, and good evening everyone. I want to start with the financial highlights for the fourth quarter of 2018. Next I'll provide some additional color on our served end markets and detail on other financial metrics. I'll finish with a financial summary of our full year results and provide assumptions for our 2019 guidance. Turning to the fourth quarter results. We continue to be pleased with the strength in our business as core organic revenue, excluding EUROIMMUN, grew approximately 7% of our toughest comparison in 2017. Adjusted revenue in the fourth quarter grew 18% to $757 million, beating our revenue guidance of $745 million, driven by 2% higher organic growth. Net acquisitions grew approximately 13% and foreign exchange negatively impacted revenues by 2%. By business segment, Diagnostics representing approximately 40% of total core sales grew 13% organically, driven by our reproductive health and immunodiagnostics business lines. Incorporating EUROIMMUN, Diagnostics would have grown 14% organically. Discovery & Analytical Solutions representing approximately 60% of total sales grew 5% organically in the fourth quarter. It's most difficult comparison in 2017, highlighted by well-balanced strength in both life sciences and applied end markets. I will provide some additional color on both businesses in a moment. Core revenues saw growth in all major geographies with double-digit organic revenue growth in the Americas, high single-digit organic revenue growth in Asia, and low single-digit organic revenue growth in Europe. This represents six consecutive quarters of organic revenue growth in all major geographies. The emerging market regions now represent approximately 40% of total sales and we continue to see double-digit organic revenue growth there, driven by broad-based strength. Moving to the details of our operational performance in the fourth quarter. Adjusted gross margins were up 190 basis points to 51.4%. Operating margins expanded 60 basis points in the fourth quarter to 21.7%, driven by improved adjusted gross margins which helped offset increased investments in research and development. Additionally foreign exchange had a 20 basis point negative impact. Excluding the impact of these additional investments and foreign exchange, our operating margins would have expanded 120 basis points. As Rob mentioned, adjusted earnings per share of $1.18 was an increase of 22% versus the fourth quarter of 2017 and was $0.02 better than our guidance in October. The beat was comprised of $0.03 from favorable incremental margins on higher organic revenue growth and $0.02 from a lower tax rate partially offset by $0.03 from extra growth in investments in R&D. Looking further into the key drivers within our segments for the fourth quarter of 2018, let's starts with our Discovery & Analytical Solutions business. Our results were driven by balanced mid-single digit organic revenue growth in both life sciences and applied market verticals. Life sciences was driven by continued strength in our imaging detection product lines and informatics. We also saw high single-digit growth in the academic end market benefiting from a favorable prior period comparison. We experienced solid growth in the quarter from applied markets, driven by high single-digit growth in environmental mid-single-digit growth in food and low single-digit growth in industrial. Switching to Diagnostics. As mentioned in my earlier remarks, core organic revenue grew 13% driven by our reproductive health business and immunodiagnostics. Within reproductive health the core business grew high single digits and our genomics testing business grew by 50%. The portion of genomics testing related to our sequencing business finished its first-year with revenues approximately $10 million and we continue to see solid pipeline of opportunities heading into 2019. We are pleased to have received CE Mark for Vanadis and placed nine systems at key customer sites in 2018. Core immunodiagnostics was led by strong performance at Tulip and in our China business. EUROIMMUN had a strong close to the year with 16% organic revenue growth. Geographically, high incidence rates had helped China and Germany experience mid-teens-plus organic revenue growth. Looking at below-the-line items, adjusted net interest and other expense for the fourth quarter was approximately $14 million and our adjusted tax rate was approximately 12% driven by discrete items. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the quarter with approximately $1.9 billion of debt and $163 million of cash. We exited the quarter with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of approximately 2.9 times and we feel like we have the capacity to look at sizable deals again in 2019. From a capital allocation standpoint, we completed the acquisition of Dani Analitica in Italy for $52 million, and we repurchased approximately 650,000 shares of stock in the fourth quarter at an average per share purchase price of $80. Adjusted free cash flow of $132 million in the quarter saw strong sequential and year-over-year improvement, representing a 100% of cash net income. Turning to the full year results. We are very enthused by our performance. The shape of the portfolio transformation and our organic growth potential which resulted in 7% organic revenue growth and 24% adjusted earnings-per-share growth. As we reflect on our initial 2018 guidance of 4% to 5% organic growth and $3.50 of adjusted earnings per share, we're extremely pleased by the execution of our teams throughout the year. Greater organic growth of 2% to 3% and an improved tax rate of an additional $0.35 which was partially offset by $0.24 from foreign exchange headwinds, extra interest expense, mild share dilution and increased strategic investments. Looking ahead to 2019. We continue to believe that we are well positioned to drive solid organic revenue growth and provide strong financial results for our stakeholders. For the full year 2019, we forecast organic revenue to grow 6%. We expect reported revenue for the year to be approximately $2.89 billion, including $52 million from foreign exchange headwinds and no impact from mergers and acquisitions. We are forecasting $4 to $4.05 in adjusted earnings per share for 2019, up 11% to 12% versus 2018 with foreign exchange impacting the year by negative $0.04, predominantly in the first half. Implicit in this guidance is adjusted operating margin expansion of 120 basis points to 150 basis points, $53 million in interest and other expenses and a tax rate of 16%. We expect our share count to be approximately 112 million. We forecast adjusted free cash flow conversion to be greater than 95%. For the first quarter of 2019 we are forecasting reported revenues of $643 million representing 4% organic revenue growth, including a foreign exchange headwind of approximately $27 million versus the comparable prior period. In terms of adjusted earnings per share guidance we are forecasting $0.66. Due to the impact of the US government shutdown on the approval processes for an export-controlled products. We are forecasting a transient headwind of 2% organic revenue growth and $0.03 of adjusted earnings per share in this guidance. Excluding this impact and a $0.02 foreign exchange headwind, adjusted earnings per share would be up approximately 13% and our organic growth rate would have been up 6%. Before I open the call to questions, I want to introduce Bryan Kipp as our next Vice President of Investor Relations effective tomorrow. Bryan has spent a lot of time in the life sciences space and we're excited to have him on the team. His background on equity research and as an investor brings a unique perspective which will serve all of our stakeholders well. Thanks again to Tommy for his great six years and pulling double dutied for the last three months. This concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, at this time, we would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Daniel Arias of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Daniel Arias: Afternoon guys, thanks. Congrats. Thanks. Congratulations on the strategic IR hire that you made there. Rob, on Vanadis, can you just talk a little bit about the early days of the commercial launch and then what your revenue assumption is for the outlook? And then, maybe just with respect to additional data in publications, are those something that we should look for this year? I think, the Rhode Island study finishes somewhere around mid-year. So do you think you'd see something like that coming out in 2019?
Robert Friel: Let me start and maybe Prahlad can jump in as well. So I would say, early start to Vanadis continues to go very well. I would say for 2019, our outlook is really to get 30 installations in with the customers. We'll be in a little bit less specific on the revenue and Dan I think we've talked about this in the past. We're going to see how the ramp occurs. There's a couple of variables we're still trying to figure out. How many of the customers are going to do reagent rental versus capital purchases, what the ramp will be. And so I would say, we're focused right now on getting installations. I'd say right now I think there is 10, we're in the process I think of putting 11 million and 12 million, so we feel pretty good about that. The publications we expect probably midyear, but I would say that it continues to be very high interest level in it? So I don't know if anything you want to add to that, Prahlad?
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, the only thing I would add Rob is that, Dan, the publication from the CE Mark data that should be out by the middle of the year in the process of submitting it. The Rhode Island study that you referred to, you'd probably see abstracts and presentations of that in the second half of the year rather than actual peer-reviewed publication.
Daniel Arias: Okay. And then maybe on the DAS side, it looks like you're pushing higher there than you have been in the past as well. Can you just kind of talk about maybe the confidence that you have for some of the new products and the things that are helping you there being the ones that make a 5-plus percent organic growth level, something that has a multiyear runway if that is in fact the way that you're looking at it.
Robert Friel: Yeah, sorry, we thought this as - I think a lot of that is just the business is executing much better. We've got a fair amount of training with the sales force and I think it's just the maturing of the processes. The other benefit we see is, we have come up with a fair amount of new products more recently. So if you remember Dan back in '17, we came out really more on the analytical side with inorganic portfolio. In '18, we out with a number of products in the life sciences particularly in the imaging area. One maybe I'll highlight in particular is our Lumina, both X5 and S5 is enabling high throughput in vivo imaging. Its high throughput, its multi-modality, it's a complete solution. And so in the imaging area, in particular, we're seeing very good traction there and we feel good about that. I would say that the last thing I'd maybe mention is, we've also over the last probably 12 to 18 months introduced a lot of reagents and I'll say non-rad agents and that's also driving a fair amount of growth. So I think we feel good about the long-term prospects for DAS, and like you said, I think, 5% seems like a sustainable level for us.
Daniel Arias: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. I want to start with maybe EUROIMMUN in the quarter. I think you guys have guided to $102 million which would imply about 53% contribution to the DAS, but it looks like it came in a bit lower around $85 million. Can you just kind of confirm that? And then any update there on driving synergies with DAS, I think, in terms of cross-selling and automation and some of these things you've talked about.
Robert Friel: Yes, I think, first of all, EUROIMMUN, we think had a very good quarter. I think Jamey mentioned it's like 16% or something like that. We're looking for a little higher revenue and that was something I think we mentioned back before, there's been one order that really is a minister of health at a country. And I think as we talked about before, one that over time, then there were some discussions about bundling that in a particular quarter. We thought that was going to be in the fourth quarter. It looks like that order now is going back to sort of over a period of time. And so, we haven't lost that order. It's just a question of, sort of, as you can imagine there's been a fair amount of volatility in that situation there. And so it looks like now it's going to be spread out over a number of quarters rather than sort of a lump-sum. And that's really what would happen in the quarter and why rather than $102 million it came in I think closer to $97 million or something like that, but continues to do well. We're seeing good traction across all their end markets. On the synergy side, Tycho, I think we continue to see increasing opportunities whether it's on the detection and imaging side, whether it's on the assay side. I would just give you one maybe data point. For Vanadis, we use I think it's 10 enzymes. And we asked the EUROIMMUN people to take a look at it. It looks like they can produce 9 out of 10 internal to EUROIMMUN. And obviously, in addition to being supplier within PerkinElmer, it looks like it can dramatically reduce our cost and improve the performance. So it's just another instance of where the more we learn and work with EUROIMMUN, we see greater opportunity across PerkinElmer to benefit both our existing products, as well as potentially new products and new market applications.
Tycho Peterson: Right. And then a follow-up on Vanadis, two quick parts. First, what is it taken your view to kind of penetrate non-Perkin customers in Europe? I mean, obviously there's an upsell to your existing customer base which kind of move beyond that. Can you talk about what you need to do? And then, in the US, if we do get kind of the expansion, the guidelines, for NGS and the average risk, do you think that represents a potential headwind, I guess.
Robert Friel: Yes, I think the thing we've got to do right now Tycho is really get the publications out. I think it's really getting people sort of to understand the sensitivity of it and the performance of the products. I think if we can get that, I think, given the ease-of-use, given the cost, I think we'll be able to penetrate non-PerkinElmer biochemical customers.
Prahlad Singh: And just add to that Rob, especially in the US Tycho, the question that you asked, I think if it does if and when it does go leverage, this we actually see Vanadis as a potential advantage because the focus there is going to continue to be on 13, 18, 21 and cost and I think those are specific advantages that the Vanadis technology brings to the plate.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Muken of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Luke Sergott: Hey, guys. This is Luke on for Ross today. I just wanted to dig in a little bit more on some of these new product opportunities in the '19 and what you guys are baking in the guidance. Particularly like the QSight for cannabis, you gave a little bit of color on the Vanadis, but as you continue to roll out those products, how do you expect those to contribute to growth next year or this year and then kind of what's your expectations on the margin as it rolls out?
Robert Friel: So I will say on QSight in cannabis specifically, we think food for us is probably high single digits in 2019 as we sort of built into the forecast. And yeah, I would say the QSight as well as other product opportunities within whether it's Perkin or Delta et cetera sort of contribute to that high single digits. So but I think carve out individual products, I would say, the cannabis opportunity as well as some other opportunities we see globally gives us the confidence to say food probably grows high single digits for us. On the margin side, you wanted just specifically about that product or just generally margins?
Luke Sergott: No just generally on the margins as the new products kind of roll through and then you kind of get the uplift if you - as you were talking about the consumables being a large launch last year.
Robert Friel: Yeah, so - clearly the new products in '18 are built into the 120 basis points, 150 basis points of 2019 growth. I would say, the probably next big margin opportunity for us from a new product perspective is probably doesn't kick in until late '19 or early '20 and I would say that from Vanadis as Vanadis scales, that goes from a product that was negative in '18 probably will continue to be a drag in '19 but becomes a positive contributor in '20 and similar on the genetic testing business. As that ramps up and that volume is up, it probably gets positive in '19 but probably becomes an accretive margin contributor in '20. So I'd probably spike up those two is the biggest contributors. I don't know, Jamey anything you'd add there?
Jamey Mock: No.
Luke Sergott: Okay, great. Thanks. And then, I guess, you're talking about your [indiscernible] you guys are able to do something larger strategically on the M&A front. Kind of how you bake in the opportunities out there given all of the volatility in the public markets and kind of what you guys are seeing?
Robert Friel: So first of all, with regard to the M&A activity, two things. I think Jamey mentioned the fact that because of our capability we'll probably be doing a little bit more. Obviously, 2018, I think we did deploy maybe $100 million or so as we wanted to pay down the debt from EUROIMMUN. So I think hopefully we'll be a little bit more aggressive from a size perspective. I would say the other thing is, we'd like to do more in DAS. If you look at the number of transactions that we did over the last two or maybe even three years was mostly on the Diagnostics side. Some of that was because we were putting DAS together. And as I mentioned, trying to get the maturity of the process into the leadership and the organization. So hopefully as we move into '19, we'll see a little bit more from an M&A perspective and it'll be more balanced between both DAS and Diagnostics.
Luke Sergott: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Steve Willoughby: Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Actually I have two. First, I was wondering if you can provide a little bit more color on the transient impact comment you made regarding the government shutdown. And then secondly, you guys did about 7% organic growth here in 2018 and you're guiding to 6% I believe you said. I'm just trying to figure out what slows given whatever revenue Vanadis does generate, it's going to be all incremental and EUROIMMUN will be in the comp now which should add about 100 basis points genomic services business should continue to grow and add to organic growth. So what gets you to go from 7% this year down to 6% in 2019? Thank you.
Robert Friel: So let me start on the transient. So we actually have a product that I would say because of its sensitivity and versatility and I would say unique product features has so many - it requires a license because what I'll define as national security consideration. And I prefer not to go into a lot more than that other than again just sort of talk about the fact that this is a product that has the ability to look at atomic mass units, individual atomic mass units. And so consequently, it requires a US government export license and because of the shutdown for whatever 35 days things are - were concerned that things will be a little backed up there. And so we think some of that revenue for that product pushes out from Q1 to Q2. We'll see obviously we've been open for all about a week. We'll see how quickly we get those applications through the government, but we just thought it was prudent to call that out and sort of adjust our Q1 guidance accordingly. But let me be clear though. This is not revenue that will be lost. This is revenue that will just move potentially from Q1 to Q2. So if in fact we do not get the 2% revenue boost because of this product, it will just move into Q2.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. Thank you.
Robert Friel: Okay. The second question you asked is sort of guide for 6%, and I would say you could probably put it into three categories and I would put it in a classification as we're trying to be prudent here relative to what we see as we think about 2019. First of all, we had very good growth in the pharma life sciences area in 2018 and we think that moderates particularly as you get into the back half of '19. And one of the reasons for that is we've seen - in 2018, we had a very nice ramp up in OneSource. There are some opportunities in OneSource for '19, but they have a tendency to be in the latter part of this year. And so we don't know that they'll have a material impact on 2019. So I'd say that's one area. We have sort of dialed back a little bit on the industrial side. The industrial and environmental side that grew sort of mid-single digits for us last year and we're assuming that's probably a little lighter in 2019. And the third area is China for us, again grew double digits. If you recall in 2018, in the beginning of 2018, we were concerned that that would moderate the high single digits. It actually did not and so that was one of the upsides we saw in 2018. As we say in 2019, we think it's prudent to plan China at high single digits and again we'll see what happens. But that's fundamentally what's driving 6% versus the 7% in 2018.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the Steve Beuchaw of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steve Beuchaw: Thanks for the time. First, I'd love to get your recap if you will of what you're hearing from your customers who have adopted the Vanadis system. I guess, number one is, what do you think is a reasonable expectation fully deployed for the number of samples that can go through one of these samples or one of these installs? And the second part of the Vanadis question is, how do you imagine that the labs which are presumably broader reproductive health labs take on the system, integrate it into the workflow and then deploy it into the catchment of people whom they serve?
Robert Friel: So, Steve, I'm going to ask Prahlad to speak about the Vanadis.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, Steve, so the initial feedback from our customers has been very positive. In fact, the first two units which we had put in as RU units or research use units have now - those customers have taken on and converted into CE-IVD units and have transitioned it on to routine clinical use. And part of feedback that we are getting from our customers is the ease - not just to ease of use but also the way that they are used to sharing the data and the results with their constituents are easy because it's the same life cycle software that we were using for our biochemical screens on maternal and fetal health. So the end result is that the customers are seeing the same report out as they would for the biochemical. So overall the feedback has been very good. The clinical data and the response that we are seeing is equal to if not in some cases better than what they see for the NGS customers.
Steve Beuchaw: So I want to press on that a little bit. I'm sure that these customers are in areas where they're probably using more expensive technologies to try to get the similar results. Do you get the sense that they want to convert or is this all incremental?
Prahlad Singh: In fact, these customers they are using biochemical screening. And these are the - well, two customers who have switched from biochemical to Vanadis technologies. As you know, in Europe, each country has its own reimbursement policies. And in these two countries, one is on the public side and one is on the private side. They have switched from biochemical to Vanadis.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay. And to tie up your - sticking with the theme of new products and new initiatives, I wonder, if you could give us a view on what your assumption is for EUROIMMUN growth for 2019. And any color on what the backlog looks like for the sequencing in the genetics lab would be great? Thank you so much.
Robert Friel: So I would say for 2019, we're assuming Vanadis - I mean EUROIMMUN is very similar to what we assume going into 2018, which again is consistent with what we did in the acquisition model. And again, if you recall Steve, this was a business that sort of grew in the high teens. We said for purposes of the modeling, for assumptions, we were assuming something in the sort of 13% to 14% range and so that will be consistent. The backlog for the testing lab, I don't know, Prahlad...
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, actually the backlog for the testing lab is very healthy. Earlier we've shared that - the lab - the information systems, the internal software that we are using for LIMS. We have completed the beta testing and that will be fully operational into the lab at the end of the first quarter, early second quarter, and that has sort of allowed us to scale it at a much higher level than it is, but the backlog is very healthy.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay. Thanks you very much. Have a great night, guys.
Prahlad Singh: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Daniel Brennan of UBS. Your line is open.
Daniel Brennan: Great. Thanks. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess, first question is just - I was hoping you can just kind of break down what's implied for growth kind of in 2019 as we think about DAS and Diagnostics. And within DAS, can you give us a little color. I know you've already talked about maybe pharma and industrial moderating a bit, but can you give us some color on the different customer groups and how you expect them to fair?
Robert Friel: So I would say for 2019, we're assuming DAS does sort of mid-single, so called 5-ish, and we're thinking Diagnostics does high single and call that sort of 8-ish. Those are the numbers out, we're sort of assuming in the 6%. With regard to the various groups, as I mentioned before, we think pharma moderates a little bit. If you look at 2018, we did 8% in pharma and we think that comes down a little bit, maybe 100 basis points or something like that. As I mentioned, food, we think continues to high single digit, driven to some extent by cannabis. So as I mentioned before, I think, our assumption is that industrial and to some extent environmental sort of moderates a little bit, where that goes from sort of mid-single digits to low single digits. That's sort of the composition of DAS. Diagnostics, I already mentioned what EUROIMMUN does. I think we're saying reproductive health in sort of high-single digits, mid-single digits, probably in the 7% range, something like that, and applied genomics, probably mid-single digits. And then the immunodiagnostics for PerkinElmer as compared EUROIMMUN is probably high-single digits.
Daniel Brennan: Great. And then maybe can you just on your EUROIMMUN, Rob, so you're guiding for the same growth, I guess, that you started that kind of in the M&A model. But can you just give us an update on the US and kind of where you are with menu and I know at the time of the deal it sounds like over a period of time that can become a very large market. I'm just wondering how is that coming so far and kind of what are you incorporating for 2019 for US in the various regions within your EUROIMMUN growth? Thanks.
Robert Friel: Yeah, first of all, I'd say, the US is performing well. It had very strong growth in 2018 for relatively low base. I would say that our marketing efforts and the FDA approval process continues to go well. I think, at last check, we have about 50 assays that are now approved in the US. And I don't know there's another 12 or 13 in the pipeline or something like that. So we continue to be very bullish on the US side. And like I said, I think the integration is going well. We've trained the respective sales forces. We've moved over the service engineers, so now we're providing our service on EUROIMMUN products. So I would say, yeah, we feel very good about the opportunities in the US.
Daniel Brennan: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel of Cowen. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: Hey, good afternoon. I wanted to dig it on margins a little bit more. So first, starting on the performance in the quarter. DAS operating margin went from 20.8% to 20.2% year-over-year. Diagnostics went from 30.4% to 28.9% year-over-year. So segment margins moved down in a period of robust revenue growth, yet overall margin increased year-over-year albeit not to guidance levels. So I was just hoping you could unpack that a little bit. Talk about what happened with segment margins? What were the not segment adjustments and did you pull some investment forward into the quarter? So that's the first thing, just recapping the quarter. Then second, as we turn to next year, 120 basis points to 150 basis points of margin improvements, a pretty big tick-up relative to what we've seen from you recently. Can you just walk us through the components of how you get there? And then longer term, and this is the third part, earlier this month, you reiterated guidance for 22% operating margin in 2020. Again we're building off of 19% in 2018. What type of growth do you need to generate this year and next to get to that level of margin improvement? Thank you.
Robert Friel: So let me start and then I'll turn it over to Jamey to get - maybe a little bit more into the specifics. But let me address and I would say, this would apply to sort of Q4 as well as 2018. And so when I think about margins and let me do it relative to our plan and our guidance for 2018. So if you recall back in - beginning of 2018, we've said 4% to 5% organic growth, 70%, 90% of operating margin and $3.50 of EPS. And as we go into the year, we - three things I would say we saw. One is, revenue was coming in better. Our tax rate, we realized was going to come down a couple of hundred basis points. And I would say, we continue to see fairly significant opportunities to invest for growth. So we made a fairly conscious decision to take that upside, both on the revenue and the tax and invest some of that in growth and we'll say higher R&D, R&D was up, in particular, in the latter half of the year and in selling and marketing and returned some of that in the form of higher EPS. And to just give you a rough estimate, our investments in selling and marketing and R&D relative to the beginning of the year is up about $15 million and we beat EPS by $0.11, which is about $15 million. So if you look at the tax savings and if you look at the revenue, now there is some foreign exchange noise in there as well. But basically we took half of it and put it in growth and put half of it and put it in higher EPS growth. And so we ended the year beating EPS by $0.11 and accelerating our top line growth by 250 basis point and we feel very good about that. The issue is that the geography on the P&L doesn't match up, because the investments that go into operating expenses offset the incremental revenue and impact the operating margin, but the flow-through on the tax obviously is below the operating margin line. So the way we thought about 2018 was to take the growth and the tax, invest it back, accelerate the organic growth rate. And like I said, the net result of that was a very strong EPS growth, beating by $0.11 and we believe accelerating the opportunities on the organic growth. You've seen that in '19 and you will continue to see that in '20. So again to answer your question, how do we get to 120 basis to 150 basis points, Jamey can sort of take you through the specifics of that, but we do not anticipate doing that again in 2019 unless possibly we see another opportunity because our revenue is cranking up and we're going to be significant below the tax rate.
Jamey Mock: Yeah, maybe Doug, just to talk to the segments. If you look at DAS in the fourth quarter, as you mentioned down 50 basis points on out margin line, 40 basis points on the gross margin line. As we outlined at the end of the third quarter with the sale of Multispectral Imaging that had a 25 basis point drag to gross margins in the fourth quarter for us. And then we started to really ramp some of our production in China and so that had a little bit of margin pressure as we ramp up there, which is what we experienced on a gross margin like. Rob spoke to some of the investments we made, so if you look at OpEx as we invest, we invested in sales force in food, cannabis and informatics and I think we're starting to night growth in those areas, so that are going to speeds the DAS. If you look at DX in the way they drive, that's really a function of the EUROIMMUN mix year-over-year. So as you mix in EUROIMMUN at a lower margin rate, that's why we see a drop year-over-year, but EUROIMMUN did grow in the year nicely actually and beat the deal model by $0.06 to $0.07 actually on a year. If you look at the investment we are making in DX, we're investing in largely in APAC. So APAC sales, Tulip sales force and I think we've seen very nice growth in both of those area as well. And I just kind of reiterate a little bit of what Rob said in terms of 2018 versus 2019. You know 2018, the way I think about is 40 basis points. If we look at what we know, what we normally say is we'd like to invest in sales and marketing kind of half of way to revenue, we want R&D to keep up with revenue. We need a lot of sales investing - sales and marketing investments in particular and even uptake the R&D a little bit as Rob mentioned at the beginning of the call here. So that looks about 50 basis points of a drag and then foreign exchange with a 50 basis point drag this year. And I know that markets were kind of volatile. So if we exclude the investment in sales and marketing and R&D and foreign exchange, we think operating margins would have been up 140 basis points this year. Take 2018 and put that in the context for 2019, Rob already mentioned whether the gross margin lines hold up or anything is upside will continue to invest more than we normally do number one. And then number two is, foreign exchange is kind of flip for us. So what is a 50 basis point drag this year is more like at least year-end planning rates at 20 basis points tailwind heading into 2019, so we feel pretty confident in being able to do 120 to 150 and will kind of mirror these investments as they come up and the opportunity as they're arrive and we see other areas that were excelling in like revenue or tax as Rob mentioned then we'll continue to invest otherwise we feel pretty confident in the current market.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Derik de Bruin of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik de Bruin: Hi, thanks. And Doug just took my margin question, so now I got to get creative. So can you talk a little bit more about the 13% core growth guide in the Diagnostics business this quarter and just sort of what was driving that a little bit more detail because it's just - was a much bigger step up than I would have thought, is it pull forward, but it will flus onetime risk, can you just give a little bit more on depth on that?
Jamey Mock: Yeah, it's a little bit higher than we anticipated in the quarter. We only talk about EUROIMMUN coming at in $97 million versus $102 million, let me talk about that. But in the quarter, it was a little higher and as they came in two areas, one is reproductive health, we mentioned low double-digit growth but breaking that down further reproductive health is made up of genomic testing business which we continue to grow and expect to go at very high rates that grew 30%. But even the core business so kind of neonatal, prenatal et cetera grew high single-digits and we were - we throughout the year we've seen mid-single-digits and that we were kind of planning. So we don't know of any flush or pull in or what not, but it's a relatively small business, so you know or it's about $100 million business, so 2% to 3% is $2 million to $3 million, could that happen maybe but not sure. The other area the kind of was strong for us was Tulip. As I have mention we've been investing in additional feed on ground there and marketing efforts and Tulip grew I think over 20% in the fourth quarter. So those two areas grew the core for us. And then the last thing is the genomics testing business that's doing extremely well. So I mentioned I think in my prepared remarks that we were almost $10 million and we were $5 million through the first three quarters. So that obviously had a nice uptick for us here in the quarter.
Derik de Bruin: So can I unpack that one a little bit and just can you talk about a little bit demand that you're seeing sort of like what the project backlog is? And just - I'm sort of curious about the sort of projects you're doing. And also since, I don't know if you're bidding on or you're winning contracts for whole human genome, but I'm just sort of curious about how you're competing in that market given there are a lot of larger players out there. So just a little bit more color on that I think would be useful.
Prahlad Singh: Yeah, so - this is Prahlad. I think the two aspects to the growth in the genomics testing business we are seeing, one is around our partnership with the pharma businesses that are focused on rare diseases and that's where primarily we have a large - a couple of large contracts that we are actualizing and moving forward. And the second piece is more around the two aspects to it. One is around the confirmatory testing around newborn screening. More and more of these states as we gain traction with them that helps and on the neuromuscular disorder relationships that we have. So those are the three aspects that have added to it.
Robert Friel: I'll say one other thing and I get constantly corrected by the person who runs this business. So we have a tendency to describe this business as DNA testing. And in fact, we do some DNA testing, but what we also do is we do protein, we do biochemical, we do a lot of other things. And when you ask how do we compete with the larger labs? My understanding is, we are unique in the ability to offer that complete solution. And so a lot of instances, the reason why we win is because we're not just looking at DNA, we can look at enzymes, we can look at a lot of other areas, and that's differentiated in the marketplace.
Derik de Bruin: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Daniel Leonard of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Daniel Leonard: Thank you. A bit of a follow-up to Doug's question. Fourth quarter gross margins came in a little lighter than we were expecting despite the higher volume growth. Jamey, I think you touched on maybe a couple of the drivers. But could you maybe bridge for me what the gross margin plan was in Q4? What the variance was and maybe offer color on gross margins expectations for 2019? Thanks.
James Mock: Sure, yes. Hi Dan. I would say there were probably two key things, one we knew about and one that changed. So I mentioned the multispectral imaging sale and how that impacted gross margins in the quarter by 25 basis points and that's basically we have now - we're producing that product for the buyer, but we had a very thin margin on that. So our revenue has stepped down quite a bit and that's about 25 basis point headwind. The other thing I would say changed in the quarter on us is, we sold a little less reagents in EUROIMMUN and have a little bit more instruments. So we guided $102 million for EUROIMMUN, it came in at $97 million. So $5 million and a 30% to 40% margin delta on that had an impact on our gross margin line. Otherwise we think it was pretty much in line with what we were anticipating. And then for 2019, we continue to see - we believe that those should be a good - a large portion of this 120 basis points to 150 basis points OM expansion should come through the gross margin line, probably north of 100 basis points. And part of that is what Rob has continued to outline, wherein we've all continued to outline little bit of product mix incremental look better. I think we - as we said at JP Morgan, our incremental this year were at 26% and if we go up to 28% that should help us. And then a little bit of operating - well if operating leverage on the OEM line should get us the whole way there for the 120 basis points to 150 points.
Daniel Leonard: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Great, thanks. I appreciate the color on the EUROIMMUN growth side. Can you also just talk through the cost of margin side? I know that margins were significantly below Diagnostic's average, I think around 20%. So what are your expectations for 2019 and what are the biggest levers there? Is there anything outside of just pure volume leverage to do?
Robert Friel: Yeah, so - in terms of 2018 EUROIMMUN outperformed what we were thinking from a merchandise standpoint. So we went into new year thinking something like 19% to 20% and it's north of that at this point, let's call it, 21%. So it's done nice. It's definitely a lot driven by volume. But if we look at kind of the future here and what we can do, I think, we've been still pretty light touch from an integration and synergy perspective, so there should be a long way to go here in terms of margin expansion. As we compare that to the core business being more like a 30% OM or high 20s OM. There's obviously a lot of room here. Baked into the guidance next year is something a little bit north of the 120 basis points to 150 basis points that'll - we will continue to get some additional leverage from your EUROIMMUN, but it looks good and it outperformed in this year.
James Mock: Yeah, I would say right now in our model, I think I talked about this in the past. For the first couple of years, we just assumed their margin expansion would be volume driven, so obviously they get leveraged on for their fixed cost. But I think now, owning it now, let's call it, 15 months or something like that, I think we continue to see significant opportunity to go in and maybe some - drive some synergies on the cost side and not disrupt the revenue growth. So I think as we get into 2019, we'll see opportunities, to sort of leverage, what they're doing on the R&D side. I mentioned the fact that the enzymes for Vanadis, there's a number of antigens, they could make for PerkinElmer and I think just on the material productivity and even on the commercial side. I think as we get into '19, we'll be able to do - we'll be able to drive some margin expansion beyond just leverage.
Patrick Donnelly: That's helpful. And then Jamey, just a quick one on capital deployment. I know you mentioned you're kind of thinking you can do big M&A this year, just below 3 times on leverage. Where should we think that you guys kind of max out on the leverage ratio there?
James Mock: I think we appreciate our investment-grade rating. So - but we've been willing to take up to a little over 3.5 times. So absent acquisition, we think we can get down to a net debt-to-EBITDA a little over 2 times and EBITDA should be north closer to $700 million here. So we'd probably have $700 million to $1 billion of firepower for next year.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jack Meehan of Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Thanks for squeezing me in. I wanted to ask about geographically the Americas putting up double-digit growth, screening is pretty strong. Is that just a factor of where some of the new products and services are rolling out or can you talk about what you were seeing here in the US?
James Mock: Yeah, I mean, I think the US has been driven largely by - DAS has been strong, DX is also strong. But I'd say pharma biotech in the US, detection and imaging and enterprise was very strong across this year. I think Rob mentioned that. Some of our enterprise wins have been more in the US and have had a nice revenue growth for us in 2018. So that probably drove a little bit more of the uptick versus the rest of the regions.
Robert Friel: As Jamey alluded to, it's pretty broad-based. I think some of that is the new products. But I would say if you look across a number of end markets, we're seeing good growth. The other one, not a big driver though, obviously cannabis is fundamentally all North American. So that's a driver as well.
Jack Meehan: Great. And one just clean up on the capital deployment. I'm assuming your guidance doesn't build in any share repurchase with the $112 million share count. So you're just assuming that cash generation generates interest. How does that build into the guide?
James Mock: Yeah, exactly. Good question. So we right now do not assume share repurchase. We've assumed pay down of our debt and guided to this kind of EPS range. And any acquisition or share repurchase would have to be accretive. This is our kind of thinking here. So we've kind of modeled, like I said, nearly $112 million. We ended this year at $111.3 million. So obviously it will dilute up a little bit next year in our guidance but obviously that will change throughout the year as we see acquisition targets and look at potentially buying back shares.
Jack Meehan: Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Quirk of Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
William Quirk: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon everybody. A couple of quick ones here. Jamey, just a quick clean up. In terms of your comments, there is no M&A contribution in '19 in terms of - meaning that the overall guidance should be - revenue should be consistent organic versus FX neutral and such. So should we assume then that the impact of the Spectrum deal essentially offsets the quant pathology divestiture?
James Mock: Yeah, including the Dani deal. So we did a handful of small acquisitions this past year and the multispectral imaging taken out that revenue, and offsetting it with some of the other acquisitions, it's neutral to the year. That's the way to think about it.
William Quirk: Okay. Okay, got it. Perfect. And then, Jamey or Rob, just thinking about the first quarter '19 guidance, a little lower than the Street was expecting. Certainly I appreciate that there's a number of moving parts in terms of FX as well as the government's shutdown. Any other quarters or movements that we should be thinking about here throughout the year in '19?
James Mock: That maybe I'll start, Rob. So in terms of earnings, besides from this first government shutdown issue, our profile of earnings is not a lot different than what you'll see on a percentage basis that we did in 2018. So I'll start there. And then in terms of the organic growth rate 4%, like I said, it would be 6% which is right in line with our guidance for the year. So we feel pretty good about that.
William Quirk: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brandon Couillard: Two housekeeping items for Jamey. First, can you speak to the spike in account receivables in the fourth quarter? Is that just seasonality? And then, can you help us with a CapEx number for '19?
James Mock: Sure. Hey Brandon. Yeah, I think cash was a little light here at the end of the year, all attributed to working capital. Inventory was kind of where we're starting to plan it to; had a little bit of uptick throughout the year, but that should normalize next year. Receivables, it just was a function of most of our sales in terms in shipments happened in the month of December. So an $80 million uptick was solely attributed to the fact that we shipped a lot in December and it should be collected mostly in the first quarter of next year. So we do anticipate that coming back next year. So that's first. And then CapEx, I think - so CapEx, we're still planning on something like $80 million for next year. This year, we were up to something like $90 million, but next year I think we're starting - we believe we can start taking down EUROIMMUN. We've also invested in a lot of the planned transitions already. So some of those should come down, so I'd pencil that in, Brandon.
Brandon Couillard: Very good. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Catherine Schulte of Baird. Your line is open.
Catherine Schulte: Hey, guys. Thanks for the questions. Just first, you've talked about going to 7% to 9% top line growth in 2020. You've guided 2019 at 6%. So are you still confident in that high single-digit outlook and what gives you those extra two points or so of growth in 2020?
Robert Friel: Yes. I would say we continue to be confident in the high single-digit growth by 2020. And I think what gets us there is the number of, well, I guess what we're referring to as growth accelerators. So as we get into 2020, we expect Vanadis to start to step up nicely. The genetic testing business I think will continue to do well. I think in the food area broadly, and then maybe specific on the cannabis side, I think that provides a fair nice upside for us. And I would say, the last thing maybe I'll mention is, we've got a number of new products particularly on the DAS side that probably comes out in the latter part of this year and early into 2020 and we think that can generate some additional demands as well.
Catherine Schulte: Okay. And then going back to new products, I recognized you don't want to give specific numbers for Vanadis or individual products. But what's your target for total new product contribution in 2019 versus the $50 million goal you...
Robert Friel: Yeah, I would say we're maintaining that number for 2019 as well. Like I said, we've got a number of new products that are sort of coming out later in the half of the - second half of 2019 and so we're maintaining the $50 million. And - but I would say, as we get into 2020, I think that number will sort of step up pretty nicely.
Catherine Schulte: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions at this time. I will just turn the conference back over to Rob Friel for any closing remarks.
Robert Friel: All right. Well, thank you Valerie, and thank you all for your questions and interest in PerkinElmer. I look forward to updating you on the progress we're making as we take advantage of the numerous opportunities we see this year to both drive long-term growth and improve our profitability and increase the impact we're having on global health. Thanks everyone and have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2018 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tommy Thomas: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Jamey Mock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until November 14, 2018. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change, so you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon and thank you all for joining us today. I'm very pleased to report that PerkinElmer had another strong quarter, delivering revenue growth of 22% on a reported basis and core organic revenue growth of 7% with each of our core businesses growing organically 7%. Including the impact of EUROIMMUN, our Diagnostics business grew organically 8% as EUROIMMUN once again grew double digits. While our organic growth exceeded our guidance, total adjusted dollar revenue of $675 million only equaled our guidance as changes in foreign currency rates relative to the dollar since the end of last quarter reduced revenue by approximately 2% or $10 million. We're also pleased with our adjusted earnings per share growth in the quarter, which increased 23% over Q2 last year to $0.90 per share. This was $0.02 lower than our original guidance as the incremental income from the greater organic growth was more than offset by the negative impact of the foreign exchange movements previously mentioned as well as higher long-term compensation costs caused mostly by the strong growth of our stock price during the third quarter. If we adjusted for the impact of these two unforecasted items, our adjusted EPS would have been $0.97 which would have beat our guidance by $0.05. While Jamey will discuss our financial results in more detail, we continue to be very pleased with both the breadth and level of organic growth as well as with our significant adjusted EPS growth. As has been the case all the year, our strong top line organic growth is attributable to both favorable end market conditions and the benefits of focusing our portfolio on fewer technologies and higher growth end markets where we have differentiated capabilities and excellent customer relationships. During the third quarter, we continued to make minor adjustments to the portfolio as we completed the sale of our multispectral imaging product through Akoya Biosciences, a portfolio company owned by Telegraph Hill Partners. We will continue to partner with Akoya on advanced tissue imaging technology to realize the potential of this technology to benefit immuno-oncology and other areas of disease research and treatments. Also, we recently closed the acquisition of DANI Instruments. Based in Milan, Italy, DANI brings advanced capabilities in gas chromatography to help accelerate our workflow solutions in food, pharma and environmental end markets. We also continue to add access to a broader suite of potentially disruptive technologies and capabilities through our ongoing investments in smart technology companies and licensing efforts. While both our organic and inorganic investments over the last couple years have been largely focused on increasing our growth profile, these moves have also resulted in our portfolio of technologies that are increasingly more synergistic and capable. It is clear to us that technologies, applications and customer needs are converging across DAS and Diagnostics as our customers' businesses evolve an alliance between therapeutics, diagnostics, food and digital health are intersecting. As we continue to both add and focus our capabilities, the opportunities across PerkinElmer expand, allowing DAS to become an enabler of the sciences of diagnostics and vice versa. Creating a culture and organizational nimbleness to facilitate this as seamlessly as possible and respond quickly to these opportunities will provide, in our view, another lever to further support our customers and enable incremental growth. To that end, we recently brought together our top 175 scientists, engineers and product managers with a particular emphasis on our new acquisitions to discuss opportunities to accelerate collaboration around several key areas including assay development, genomics, automated workflows and digital solutions. To give a sense of these opportunities, we see the ability to more comprehensively pull together our immunoassay development capabilities across the company, including our life science lyse reagents, our EUROIMMUN antibody and antigen development expertise, our automated newborn screening assay platforms and our lateral flow technologies from both Bioo Scientific and our Tulip immunodiagnostic business in India. Another example of this is the development of assays for Zika, Dengue and Chikungunya viruses using our dried blood spot technologies as well as rapid lateral flow tests created by combining EUROIMMUN's antigen capabilities with lateral flow technologies from Tulip. These arboviruses are a substantial health threat in emerging markets and the introduction of these tests are enabling customers in rural areas to more broadly screen potential patients at risk for these dangerous infectious diseases. In the food segment, we're looking at ways to leverage and combine our diagnostic focused applied genomics technologies in automation, liquid handling and molecular testing with our broader DAS food analysis capabilities. For example, we are developing genomic and molecular solutions to enable new applications including the rapidly growing area of cannabis testing, where we are creating a comprehensive analysis suite from extracting to analysis for pathogen detection and for active ingredient and strain characterization. With the recent legalization of cannabis in Canada and other countries expected to follow soon, we see a significant market opportunity to support both the testing and basic research around cannabis. As I've mentioned previously, this convergence of technologies applications and customer demands will be ignited by the move to digital and the power of data. Therefore, we are also looking at ways to build and expand our digital capabilities across the company. This includes establishing common instrument and big data platforms to collect data and then discover insights that will ultimately better inform us and our customers. An important part of generating these new insights is use of artificial intelligence or AI. We've made several investments across the company in this area both in terms of external partnerships and collaborations as well as internal projects in building out our own AI capabilities. We are now driving AI across almost all of our DAS and Diagnostic businesses including for image analysis in our high-content screening and immunodiagnostic businesses, for better determining the quality of grain in our food business and for applying AI in our services business to help to optimize our customers' laboratory productivity. By taking advantage of our capabilities and technology platforms that span applications, strong operating capabilities and joint marketing opportunities, we are confident that PerkinElmer can meaningfully help lead this industry transformation. One of the best examples of the potential of our cohesive portfolio is the story of our Vanadis non-invasive prenatal testing solution. The Vanadis solution leverages unique highly sensitive rolling circle amplification and our validation expertise of Diagnostics with the leading image detection capabilities of the DAS business. Furthermore, this system is totally integrated workflow that leverages our current software being used in the biochemical prenatal screening today, thus allowing lab technicians to operate Vanadis with less than one week of training. As we have been working with our customers to install and validate Vanadis in their labs, the reaction so far has been very positive and we expect to receive CE IVD approval very soon. Because this solution removes the technical complexity of NIPT while breaking down the cost barriers, we're excited to enable more women to have access to an accurate, low-cost method of screening trisomies and improve the standard of prenatal care on a global level. As we begin to establish our priorities for 2019, our focus will continue to be on innovation and improving our customer experience within DAS and Diagnostics. However, we are increasingly looking at driving synergies across the businesses as well. Looking ahead, we see significant opportunities from these additional cross PerkinElmer synergies to both expand our addressable markets and drive incremental revenue growth. We also believe that this will provide opportunities for efficiencies, and most importantly, enable us to innovate at an unprecedented pace, thereby facilitating continued acceleration of top line growth and operating margins. Before turning the call over to Jamey, I want to briefly mention our end markets and touch on our guidance for the full year. As I mentioned previously, from a macro perspective, our markets continue to experience good demand. Diagnostics, which represents 40% of our revenue, is continuing to benefit from a growing prevalence of infectious and autoimmune diseases, particularly in emerging markets. In addition, the increasing demand for earlier diagnosis and the rising adoption of new technologies are fueling growth across all three segments of reproductive health, immunodiagnostics and genomics. Slightly offsetting this is the continued decline in birth rates, particularly in China and the U.S. In life sciences, which represents about 35% of our revenue, we continue to see robust demand in both product sales and services within the pharma and biotech markets, particularly in the U.S. and Asia. Within our food analysis business, strong growth is being driven by the rising outbreaks of foodborne illnesses, advances in technology for food safety testing, increasingly stringent regulations and the globalization of food supply. Lastly, our environmental and applied markets generally track macroeconomic conditions and as such, experienced stronger growth in Asia and the Americas this quarter. As a result of these favorable market conditions as well as our product portfolio and capabilities, through the first nine months of this year, every geographic region as well as all six market segments are growing 5% or better. Now turning to our guidance. As you recall, our original forecast back in January for this year was full year organic growth, revenue growth of 4% to 5% and adjusted EPS of $3.50. Since then, we have raised our top line guidance each quarter and again this quarter we are now guiding full year core organic revenue growth of 6.5%. On the bottom line, we are guiding to $3.60 for the full year, which on a foreign exchange adjusted basis is $0.21 higher than our original January guidance and $0.02 higher than guidance the last quarter and represents adjusted EPS growth of 24% versus 2017. I'd now like to turn the call over to Jamey.
James M. Mock: Thanks, Rob, and good evening, everyone. I want to start with the financial highlights for the third quarter of 2018. Next I'll provide some additional color on our served end markets and detail on other financial metrics. I'll finish with the financial summary for the fourth quarter and the implications on our revised 2018 guidance. Starting with the third quarter results, we continue to be pleased with the strength in our business as core organic revenue ex EUROIMMUN in the third quarter of 2018 grew approximately 7% on tougher prior-period comparisons. Adjusted revenue in the third quarter grew 22% to $675 million, matching our revenue guidance as higher organic revenue growth offset incremental foreign exchange headwinds. Acquisitions added approximately 16%. By business segment, Diagnostics representing approximately 40% of total core sales grew 7% organically, driven by our immunodiagnostics and applied genomics business lines. Incorporating EUROIMMUN, Diagnostics would have grown 8% organically. Discovery & Analytical Solutions, representing approximately 60% of total sales, also grew approximately 7% organically in the third quarter, highlighted by good balance of strength in both life sciences and applied end markets. I will provide some additional color on both businesses in a moment. Core revenues saw growth in all major geographies with double digit organic revenue growth in Asia, high single digit organic revenue growth in the Americas, and low single digit organic revenue growth in Europe. This represents five consecutive quarters of organic revenue growth in all major geographies. In the emerging market regions, we continue to see double digit organic revenue growth once again driven by China and India. On a year-to-date basis, we are pleased to have delivered 7% organic revenue growth excluding EUROIMMUN and 8% organic revenue growth with EUROIMMUN. As Rob mentioned, we have experienced broad based strength experiencing, mid-single digit organic revenue growth in all end markets and geographies. Moving to the details of our operational performance, third quarter adjusted gross margins were up 120 basis points, with year-to-date results up 140 basis points, largely driven by EUROIMMUN. This strong expansion has enabled us to make targeted investments, specifically increasing sales and marketing resources and R&D for disruptive technologies like Vanadis, enabling a better organic revenue growth profile for 2019 and beyond. We believe that continued mix improvements along with productivity and strong leverage continues to give us confidence in our 22% adjusted operating margin target laid out to investors in 2017. Operationally, for the third quarter of 2018, we delivered 90 basis points of adjusted operating margins when excluding foreign exchange and unplanned incremental compensation expenses. As you may recall, when guiding future quarters, we utilize the ending exchange rates from the prior quarter. Due to the volatility experienced in Q3, particularly in China and emerging markets, the actual year-over-year foreign exchange impact on adjusted operating margins was 20 basis points. To help you more clearly understand this dynamic, we have provided a foreign exchange reconciliation sheet on our website that is part of the Q3 2018 reporting package. The unplanned compensation expense, which had a 60 basis point impact on our adjusted operating margins, was driven by a significant share price increase during the third quarter and higher projected performance driven by stronger revenue growth and an improved gross margin outlook. As Rob mentioned, operationally, adjusted earnings per share would have been $0.97, however, the impact from foreign exchange headwinds of $0.03 and unplanned compensation expenses of $0.04 resulted in adjusted earnings per share of $0.90, an increase of 23% on a year-over-year basis. Looking further into the key drivers within our segments for the third quarter of 2018, let's start with Discovery & Analytical Solutions. Our results were driven by balanced strong high single digit organic revenue growth in life sciences coupled with mid-single digit organic revenue growth in the applied market verticals. Life sciences strength was driven by continued performance in the pharma biotech end market. Core pharmaceutical sales in our spectroscopy and chromatography product line saw good growth and we are especially enthused to see our customers focus more on their core drug discovery efforts, an area of strength for our portfolio. Our reagent products and instruments for high throughput screening have benefited from a renewed focus on small molecule research. Our new in vivo imaging products launched late last year at the World Molecular Imaging Congress saw a very strong quarter of growth and were a key driver of the over-performance in DAS. Finally, we once again saw strength in our OneSource service business. We experienced solid growth in Q3 from applied markets, driven by strong food product performance in spectroscopy, LC mass spec and Perten. Total food was up low double digits. The environmental and industrial segments combined to deliver strong organic revenue growth of 6%. Switching to Diagnostics, core organic revenue growth grew 7%, driven by double digit organic revenue growth in immunodiagnostics and applied genomics with low single digit organic revenue growth in reproductive health. Looking further within our Diagnostics business, we continue to see strong results at Tulip and Haoyuan, driving high teens growth in our immunodiagnostics segment. We experienced a good quarter in our genomics business as strong front-end sample prep results helped drive double digit organic revenue growth. We continue to build on our momentum in the genetic testing business despite the near-term disruption from the implementation of a new lab information management system and feel good about the progress we've achieved toward our $50 million revenue goal by 2020. EUROIMMUN continues to impress with low teens organic revenue growth through the first three quarters of 2018. Looking at disease modalities, autoimmune is approximately 60% of sales and their core capabilities helped drive 16% organic revenue growth through the third quarter. Autoimmune diseases unfortunately remain under-treated and under-diagnosed and some studies have shown that the annual incidence rate to be approximately 10%. Infectious disease, allergy and instrument sales for antigen detection represent the balance of EUROIMMUN sales and were also steady growers with combined double digit organic revenue growth. For the full year of 2018, we continue to expect approximately 15% organic revenue growth from EUROIMMUN. Geographically for EUROIMMUN, high incidence rates and incremental global customer wins helped China and Germany experience organic revenue growth of low double digits and high teens respectively and combined with building momentum in the U.S. driven by menu expansion at a large reference lab, has enabled the organization to see continuing revenue growth into 2019. Looking at below the line items, adjusted net interest and other expense for the third quarter was approximately $15 million and our adjusted tax rate was approximately 12% driven by discrete items. Looking ahead, we now see a full-year adjusted tax rate at 15% and 14% in the fourth quarter of 2018. As Rob mentioned, we have sold our multispectral imaging business to Akoya Biosciences for approximately $37 million, resulting in a GAAP pre-tax gain of approximately $13 million. This business had year-to-date revenues of approximately $23 million and we have posted another reconciliation on our website to help you adjust your financial models. Based on certain ongoing service agreements, interest expense reduction and other revenues, we expect negligible adjusted EPS from this transaction in 2018. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the quarter with approximately $1.9 billion of debt and $150 million of cash. We exited the quarter with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of approximately 3.1 times, and we remain on track to finish the year below 3 times. Turning to our cash flow performance, our third quarter operating cash flow from continuing operations saw strong sequential and year-over-year improvement. However, on a year-to-date basis, higher inventory levels driven by stronger organic revenue growth, overseas production moves to further increase our manufacturing localization and added inventory needed for our distributions center strategy as resulting in increased working capital use in 2018. We expect to make further progress in the fourth quarter, but forecast some of this improvement in inventory normalization to extend into 2019. To wrap up the third quarter and year-to-date results, we continue to be enthused by our performance, which has resulted in 7% year-to-date core organic revenue growth and 25% adjusted earnings per share growth. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter of 2018, we continue to believe that we are well positioned to drive solid organic revenue growth and provide strong financial results for our key stakeholders. For the fourth quarter 2018, we are forecasting reported revenues of $745 million, representing 16% reported revenue growth versus the comparable prior period. Our guidance assumes approximately 5% core organic revenue growth, $102 million in sales from EUROIMMUN and core foreign currency headwinds of approximately $12 million on a year-over-year basis. EUROIMMUN had approximately $14 million of sales in Q4 2017 stub period that you need to back out to arrive at our quarterly revenue guidance. In terms of adjusted earnings per share guidance, we are forecasting $1.16 for the fourth quarter, which represents 20% growth versus the comparable prior period. This forecast includes an additional $0.04 headwind from foreign exchange versus our August guidance as you will see on the foreign exchange reconciliation sheet posted to our website. We are once again raising our full year 2018 core organic revenue growth guidance to 6.5%. This guidance continues to exclude EUROIMMUN which would add another 100 basis points. We now expect reported revenue for the year to be approximately $2.768 billion, a reduction of $12 million from the previous revenue guidance of $2.78 billion due to incremental foreign exchange headwinds of $21 million offset by improved organic growth in the third quarter. Our revenue guidance incorporates EUROIMMUN sales of approximately $364 million, essentially the same as our previous guidance. We now forecast adjusted earnings per share of $3.60 for 2018, a reduction of $0.05 from the previous adjusted earnings per share guidance of $3.65, driven by unplanned compensation expense of $0.04 and incremental foreign exchange headwinds of $0.07 offset by improved organic revenue growth of $0.02 and a lower tax rate of $0.04. As I recap on our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance, we improved on our initial $3.50 guidance with $0.15 from better organic revenue growth, $0.15 from lower taxes offset by unfavorable foreign exchange of $0.11, $0.06 from higher interest expense and $0.03 from a higher share count to arrive at $3.60 of adjusted earnings per share or 24% adjusted earnings per share growth for the full year. This concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, at this time we would like to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Daniel Brennan with UBS. Your line is now open.
Daniel Gregory Brennan: Great, guys. Thanks for the question and congrats on the quarter.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you.
Daniel Gregory Brennan: So Rob and Jamey, so on the DAS business, again another really strong quarter, another acceleration on a stat comp basis. You gave a lot of details in the prepared remarks, but could you tease out a little bit more what's enabled this growth? Because I kind of think this collection of businesses wasn't normally a 5% plus grow and that's what you've been putting up. How much of it's dependent on new products? How much of it is maybe a different commercial strategy, maybe some acquisitions? Maybe you can just tease out some of the drivers and how sustainable that is?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, Dan, thanks for the question. And I think you had a couple. But first of all, I would say, as Jamey mentioned, the performance first of all was broad-based, with really all the key end markets growing sort of high single digits or better. But I think to your point, it's really broader than that. There's a lot of factors that are impacting the performance. I would say first of all, the markets are good. Obviously pharma and biotech are increasing spending, particularly, we're finding, in the drug discovery area. Food continues to see good growth because of whether it's expanded regulations or increasing consumer awareness. But it's really broader than that for things like we're seeing nice growth from new products. We mentioned a couple particularly in the life science area this quarter. And the way I would think about it is, 2017, we really focused on significantly refreshing the analytical portfolio and that's continuing on nicely in 2018. And then earlier this year, we really focused on the life science area. So you saw some new products come out in the imaging area. Clearly on the reagent side, we've sort of refreshed there. I would say the other thing that's helping our performance is our decision to narrow our focus on selected end markets where it's really contributed to both a more concentrated marketing and customer engagement approach. And again, focusing on those areas that inherently are higher growth. And then finally, on the execution side, I would say particularly in the commercial organization, we've created much better alignment between product management. And actually, during the earlier part of this year we completed a  we trained the entire global sales force on a standardized, what I'll call is a lead-to-close process. And we're seeing that really improve our win rates. So it's really a combination of things, but at the end of the day we feel very good about the performance of DAS. The team's executing well. They're at 7% organically year-to-date. And I think they go into 2019 with terrific momentum.
Daniel Gregory Brennan: Great. Thank you for that, Rob. And then maybe just as one follow-up kind of unrelated. But just can you just elaborate a bit on EUROIMMUN in the U.S.? Certainly Germany and China were strong and U.S. represents such a big greenfield opportunity. So now that you've had the business for a while, how should we think about the U.S. opportunity unfolding? Because I think when you did the deal, you contemplated this could be as much as like a $300 million market eventually for you. Thank you.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I think we continue to feel very good about the opportunity in the U.S. and I think it is a significant market opportunity. I think the question is how long it takes to ramp up, and of course, it's coming off of a relatively small base. So we continue to see very strong growth rates in the U.S., unfortunately off their relatively low base. But I would say as we sort of go into the anniversary here, we haven't seen anything that diminishes in any way the opportunity, and probably in many ways, we see greater opportunity, I would say globally, but specifically in the U.S.
Daniel Gregory Brennan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tycho W. Peterson: Hey, thanks. I'll start with one for Jamey on operating margins. About 150 basis points below with what we've been modeling. I guess that was all stock-based comp, is that the right interpretation? And how should we think about that going forward? And any guidance you can give us on the tax rate for 2019 given the leverage you saw this quarter and what you talked about for next?
James M. Mock: Yeah. Sure, Tycho. Yes. On the operating margins, it was about 60 basis points in the quarter related to stock-based comp and then another 20 basis points of pressure related to foreign exchange. So absent that, we would have been at about 19.9%.
Tycho W. Peterson: Okay. And then on the...
James M. Mock: Yeah, on the tax rate moving forward?
Tycho W. Peterson: Correct.
James M. Mock: Yeah. So as I said in my prepared remarks, I think we're now at 15% for the year, which is down 200 basis points since 2017. Some of that is more profits in low tax jurisdictions and some of that are some discrete items. So we're looking at it for next year, but it's a little too soon to call the actual guidance for next year I'd say.
Tycho W. Peterson: All right. And then, Rob, just a follow-up on EUROIMMUN. Oh, go ahead.
Robert F. Friel: No. I was going to say, I know you asked a question relative to the incentive comp and how do we think about that sort of going forward. And maybe I'll just take a second to explain it because it may be a little unique. But so, if you think about our incentive comp for our officers, it's very largely performance-based; probably depending on the officer, anywhere from 60% to 70%. And we're talking about these three-year long-term performance based. It's all tied to the stock price, or at least some portion if it's tied, and it's mostly equity. However, there is a component of it that is paid in cash. And unlike the equity component, our accounting policy requires us to revalue the cash component each quarter depending on changes in our stock price. So if you look at that cash component, and as I know you're well aware, our stock price increased over 25% in the third quarter. So normally in any given quarter, if our stock's moving around a little bit, it's not a material item, but because of the magnitude of the move, it's required us to record an expense as Jamey talked about. Going forward, we generally don't model a lot of expense in there because obviously it's tough to predict our stock price. So going forward, we really wouldn't normally model much and again if the stock price moves 5%, it's not material. So, but like I said with the strong movement in the third quarter, that's what yielded the significant incentive compensation expense.
Tycho W. Peterson: Okay. And then just one follow up on EUROIMMUN, you talked about I think some assay development initiatives at the beginning of the call. Was that specifically EUROIMMUN and any you're moving already to chemiluminescence versus ELISA given that's where kind of the majority of the market is today?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, so my comment on the assay development, although I talked about a specific instance where we're using EUROIMMUN antigen. It was really more broad based that says, say to imply that we're looking more across the company now and largely because some of the acquisitions we've made recently, so whether it's Bioo, whether it's Tulip, whether it's EUROIMMUN, we're finding that we've got significant opportunity to leverage those businesses whether it's their diagnostic businesses, the capabilities can go into DAS, so for example in the food area on the molecular side and vice versa. And the specific example was one where we took capabilities from EUROIMMUN, capabilities from Tulip and our blood spot capability in newborn and really created not only a new product, but a new application that allowed us to go into a market that we're seeing nice growth in. So we're going to continue to look at opportunities to do that. Specific to EUROIMMUN, the one thing that were quite excited about, and I think we've talked about this a couple times, they have very good capabilities in recombinant antibodies and antigens. So it allows us to get very specific antibodies for our assays, furthermore allows us to drive in the sort of new novel targets and gets faster time to market. So the point was just to say we're increasingly looking to leverage that and we think there's a significant opportunity as we go into 2019 and 2020 to benefit from that.
Tycho W. Peterson: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Chris Lin: Hi, good afternoon. This is Chris on for Doug today. Thanks for taking my question.
Robert F. Friel: Hi, Chris.
Chris Lin: So I just want to start in Diagnostics. Diagnostics core revenue growth excluding EUROIMMUN has been accelerating as well. I know you have a number of new growth initiatives in the segment such as NGS testing, Vanadis and Tulip, so I'm curious as to how these are contributing to the solid core revenue growth rate? And can you also speak to just the sustainability of these trends?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, so as I mentioned it's coming from a number of areas. So our core, what I'll call our core immunodiagnostics which does not include EUROIMMUN grew high teens. And as I think you know that's mostly focused in emerging markets. So Tulip continues to grow double digits and our historical, call it Sym-Bio business or China diagnostic business continues to do quite well. In the applied genomics, we're also seeing very strong growth. That also grew double digits. That was fairly broad based geographically. And so I think those contributed the majority of the growth. I would say when we look at our reproductive health, newborn only grew, I think it was 3% this quarter. I think year-to-date it's sort of mid-single and that's fundamentally because we're seeing some fairly significant headwinds from birthrates. So, the U.S. is down low single digits. Europe is down low single digits, China, we think is down, depending on the region of the country, anywhere from mid to high single digits. So, the fact that newborn is growing, let's say, year-to-date in the mid-single digits, we feel pretty good about because clearly it's not sustainable to have those types of negative growth rates. So we're actually sort of as we go into 2019, we think we've got pretty good comps relative to the birthrates and we combine that with the success we're seeing this year with menu expansion and further penetration of newborns. We're quite excited about that. So, we think the bottom line is it is sustainable and when you put in the areas like the genetic testing and some of the other things we're doing, we think it potentially accelerates into 2019.
Chris Lin: Great. Thanks. And just one follow-up question. To be clear, has there been any change in margin expectations separate from FX and compensation? Just based on your prepared remarks, it sounded like you were making some incremental investments due to the core revenue strength. Thanks.
James M. Mock: No. No change in expectation. As I mentioned, foreign exchange had a significant impact as well as the incentive compensation, but the fundamentals are still there and we still see strong operating margin expansion in the 70 to 90 basis point range excluding foreign exchange and incentive compensation. As for the investments we made, yes, I mean we are increasing R&D and sales and marketing resources, so R&D has gone up from 6.3% of revenue to 6.8% this year and then sales and marketing has also increased year-over-year. So we're continuing to think that that's going to improve the organic growth profile of the company.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Dan Leonard with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. So, starting off, Rob, appreciate the comment that Diagnostics could accelerate into 2019. Would you care to comment on DAS into 2019? Is there anything we should be mindful of from a comparison standpoint whether it be on the pharma services business or anywhere else? Or do you think, or anything on the new product cycle front that we should be thinking about as we look at our models?
Robert F. Friel: I don't think so. As Jamey alluded to, it's a little early to talk about 2019. But I think from a trend perspective, we think the markets still look attractive here. We're continuing to come out with new products. We've got some clearly that we expect to get out in the earlier part of next year. I would say, obviously, the second quarter has got a little bit of tough comps and say did 10%, but I don't see anything sort of systemic that should create any significant headwinds for DAS.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. And then for my follow-up, Rob, I appreciate those comments on the cannabis industry at the start. So I was hoping you could perhaps quantify the opportunity there from an analytical instruments standpoint?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say we're seeing very significant growth. But again sort of similar to the EUROIMMUN U.S. number, it's starting off of a relatively low base. But we think we've got probably, if not the, one of the most expansive capabilities when you look at the need to look at pesticide analysis and quality control of the cannabis. And so I think we could probably double the business going into 2019 off of right now it's probably about a $10 million business. It probably doubles in the 2019. Ultimately though, it's probably a $50 million to $100 million opportunity for us.
Dan Leonard: And that's helpful context. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Charles Steinman: Hey, guys. This is Charlie on for Patrick. Appreciate the guidance raise for organic growth. Just curious as we look out to 4Q, obviously a bit of a step down. Is that mostly just a product of the comp from last year? Or are there any kind of changes you're making in terms of the outlook by end markets?
Robert F. Friel: No. I would say, it's mostly attributable to comp. We're going up against I think a 7% number in fourth quarter of 2017. So we just want to be cognizant of that.
Charles Steinman: Got it. Thanks. And then for Vanadis, recognize that the CE Mark hasn't come in yet, but are you still expecting, I think you'd called out a $5 million contribution previously for this year? And then as we think about going into 2019, what kind of ramp should we be thinking about for next year? Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: So let me just spend a second on Vanadis. So I would say, we continue to go through the normal process for CE Mark approval. We've received I would say a couple of recent questions from the regulatory body and we've responded as quickly as possible. And I would say at this point we don't anticipate any problems with approval. Right now we understand the instrument and reagent reviews are complete. But the software is taking a little bit longer. And I think as we've mentioned previously, we decided to use our LifeCycle software for Vanadis result reporting. And we felt this would provide an easy transition of the technology for recurring customers who use the LifeCycle for their biochemical prenatal testing. So the software now will not only incorporate risk factors, biochemical data and relevant maternal information, but also have the Vanadis data and we think this will give very complete information to the health care providers. Unfortunate as I said, I think that's slowing down the approval a little bit, but we do think it's imminent here. But relative to the revenue side, I would say while its timing is somewhat later than at least originally anticipated, we continue to ramp up both the operations, the service capabilities. We're still on track to install the Vanadis in I think it's 10 labs this year. And beyond that, we'll work with biochemical customers in Europe to convert. I would say on a revenue standpoint, we, in the fourth quarter forecast, we have taken it down a little bit. And what we're doing is we're focusing more on placing the instruments into the labs and I think as we mentioned before, a lot of these are reagent rental based, so we do think the revenue will be lower than what we initially anticipated. We don't think it impacts the 2019 ramp, and of course it's built into our forecast that Jamey talked about. With regard to the 2019 revenue, again as we mentioned before, it's a little early to start talking about specific numbers in 2019. But clearly when we give guidance, we'll try and be specific as to what numbers to assume for Vanadis.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Brandon Couillard: Rob, nice to see I guess more portfolio pruning if you will. Would be curious to what extent you see an opportunity or scope for additional divestitures similar to the multispectral imaging unit. And then given the balance sheet should be coming in south of 3 turns of net leverage at the end of the year, be curious how you're thinking about the M&A pipeline here?
Robert F. Friel: So yeah, I mean, I think we've talked about before that somewhere in the sort of $50 million maybe $100 million revenue. So we continue to sort of I would say pressure test the portfolio to make sure that we've got the right group of assets. Could there be another one or two product lines that go, possibly, but I think I've been fairly consistent. I don't see any significant divestitures of the assets that we have today. With regard to the pipeline, I think we continue to look at sort of bolt-on deals. I mentioned the DANI acquisition. It's a relatively small company in Italy, but we're excited about the capabilities they have, particularly around gas chromatography and more specifically in sort of headspace and auto sampling technologies. So we'll continue to do a number of those things. I mean if you look at we did SSI in China, we did RHS in Australia a little earlier. I mean we'll probably spend $100 million this year. And hopefully in 2019 we'll step it up a little bit. As you point out, we're getting very comfortable with the balance sheet as we expect to end year under 3 times EBITDA. And particularly on the DAS side, we're focused in food and building out our reagent capabilities.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. And then a couple of housekeeping items for Jamey. What should we pencil in for free cash flow for the year as well as CapEx? Would be curious what's pulling that CapEx number higher this year and if you expect that to continue in 2019? And then any update on net interest expense for 2018?
James M. Mock: Yeah so, Brandon, as I mentioned on the last call with regards to cash flow, we always have a stronger second half and in the third quarter that played out with adjusted free cash flow of just over $80 million versus the first half of $50 million. So penciling in for the year, there's probably a little bit of pressure versus our original 365 due to what I talked to in my prepared remarks. We've got the moves in Singapore, which is now planned to move in the first quarter, the moves in China, higher organic growth rate. Now we're not giving up on the goal but there might be $25 million to $50 million of pressure to that number. But we don't think it's anything structural and it should be corrected in the coming quarters here. With regard to CapEx I'd pencil in $75 million to $80 million. I think we're roughly $60 million through the first three quarters so it shouldn't be too different from that. And then the last one was interest expense, is that right?
Brandon Couillard: Yeah. Net interest and other.
James M. Mock: Expense, yeah. So I think it will be pretty similar to the third quarter here. So, net $14 million or $15 million that we experienced in the third quarter, interest expense and other income, that is.
Brandon Couillard: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Mitchell Petersen: Thanks. This is actually Mitch Petersen on for Jack this afternoon. It looks like Europe took a step down in the quarter in terms of growth. I was just hoping you could unpack what you saw by end market there. And comment on if you're seeing any particular areas of weakness there. Thanks.
James M. Mock: Yeah. No, I mean, a little bit of this was a tougher comp year-over-year. But we had softer  it was a little softer in applied markets. Industrial down 3%. Food, we had some droughts in Europe, so that took a hit. So while food was up 10% or double digit overall, in Europe it was down pretty significantly due to the droughts in the summer here. And then we had pretty tough comparisons in pharma biotech year-over-year and in informatics. So I don't think anything structural though.
Mitchell Petersen: Okay. That's helpful. And then on EUROIMMUN, I was hoping you could provide some more detail just on the cost and margin opportunity there. Where are margins today in relation to the Diagnostic average? And where do you think you can get those longer term? And what are some of the cost levers that you can pull to get you there? Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So, I think as we mentioned, when we acquired EUROIMMUN, it was around 20% operating margins. Our Diagnostics business last year was in the low 30s, so that gives you a sense of sort of the opportunity. I would say throughout the year, and I would say this has largely been through the volume leverage, because I think as we've talked about, we haven't really done much from an integration perspective there, particularly on the cost side. So, we've seen a couple hundred basis points of margin expansion in EUROIMMUN just from the volume leverage and they continue to have very favorable mix. About 90% or 91% of their revenue is reagent based. So, I think we can just through volume leverage get that up to sort of mid maybe even high 20s. And then as we get into sort of maybe not 2019, but into 2020, we'll look at driving some synergies across the business from a cost perspective.
Mitchell Petersen: Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Dan Arias with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Daniel Arias: Good afternoon. Thanks. Follow-up on Vanadis, Jamey, what is the assumption for the margin impact from that platform when it launches? I think it carries a pretty good profile once it's up and ramped. But I'm just curious about what you should expect on profitability in the immediate term when we do see the regulatory announcement.
James M. Mock: I think it will depend, Dan, on how much we  as Rob mentioned, we think it's going to be more of a reagent rental model. But we're really figuring that out with customers right now, and it depends on how much they'll take on instrument sales versus reagent rentals. If it's more reagent rentals, we think that's accretive. If it's instrument sales, we might have to wait a little bit until some of the samples get processed. So, it's a little tough to tell for 2019 at this point.
Daniel Arias: Okay. If you just had to use your baseline guess right now, I mean, what do you think the chances are that post the announcement, you end up talking about there being some dilution from the product just based on previous expectations?
James M. Mock: If you're referring to the fourth quarter, Dan, I don't think it's going to be very material at all. As Rob mentioned, he said we're going to be less than $5 million. We've taken that down quite a bit. So in the guidance for the fourth quarter, it's very, very nominal. If you're referring to next year, that's a little tough.
Daniel Arias: Okay. And then maybe, Rob, on the expanded sequencing business, can you just touch on where you are with the validation of the NovaSeqs that you bought? I don't think you mentioned that. Is capacity a bottleneck there at all? And then how do you think you exit the year just in terms of the split between samples that are coming from patients versus pharma? And then maybe how does that change in 2019?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So, we're clearly at a run rate sort of north of the $10 million that we talked about. So the demand for that business continues to be very strong. Jamey mentioned the fact that we put a new LIMS system in and that sort of closed a little bit of a bottleneck, but we're catching up with that. The five NovaSeqs have been added to the lab. They're in the process of being validated. I mean, I think that's probably going to come online either late in the fourth quarter or early 2019.
James M. Mock: The only thing I'd add to that on the LIMS is  so that is how we work with customers from a receiving of a sample perspective. So that helps open up the intake. We still have one piece of software on our reporting system that won't be done until the first quarter, which really kind of rounds out our software implementation.
Daniel Arias: Okay. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi, good afternoon here. And thanks for the time.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Steve Beuchaw: I had a question on EUROIMMUN. I wonder, Rob, now that you've had the business for roughly a year, if you could just take a step  I mean, we've talked about some of the regional opportunities, automation opportunities, a lot of the skill set there that might have been incremental to your thinking when we, back in the summer of 2017, were talking about the growth outlook for that business. Can you just talk about how your thinking has evolved on a medium-term growth outlook for EUROIMMUN? And then, sorry, while we're at it, Jamey, any chance you have the EUROIMMUN ex currency or core growth for the quarter?
Robert F. Friel: You want to...?
James M. Mock: Yes. Core growth for the quarter ex currency was up 11%. And then year-to-date we're up 13%.
Robert F. Friel: So, Steve, with regard to the growth, I mean, we've said for a fair amount of time that we think EUROIMMUN probably grows mid teens and our expectation is they'll achieve that in 2018. So, we don't see, or at least I don't see any reason why that changes over the next couple years. With regard to growth, I would say the one thing that has changed since we've owned EUROIMMUN is our belief that the EUROIMMUN capabilities can drive incremental growth in the core PerkinElmer businesses. And I think that's been the biggest change as we sort of have a better appreciation for what their capabilities are, and as I sort of tried to give an impression in my prepared remarks is, we think increasingly that these assets as well as some of the other acquisitions we've made are very synergistic across whether it's therapeutics, diagnostics, food. I mean, there's clearly a blurring of the capabilities and technologies being used in those end markets. And I think we feel better about the opportunity for EUROIMMUN to enable incremental growth in what historically were the PerkinElmer markets.
Steve Beuchaw: Got it. And then just one clarification for Jamey. Jamey, and I should say thanks, Rob, for all the detail that you gave on the impact of the LTPP on comp expense in the quarter. Jamey, I just want to make sure that as you make the comment about expectations for the company to hit the 20%, beyond 2020 that is, margin goal, that number one, we expect this comp issue to be something of a one-off; we're kind of back to trend beyond this year. And then number two, I wonder if you could sort of elaborate on what it is you've seen in your first several months here as CFO that gives you comfort giving us commentary about confidence in the medium-term margin plan? Thank you.
James M. Mock: Yeah, sure. With regards to the LTPP being a one-off, assuming a normal stock price increase, then it will be a one-off. If it drastically increases like it did in the third quarter then obviously we'll have an additional expense to that. But what gives me confidence is, I mean, if you look at this year, we're going to be up well over 100 basis points excluding foreign exchange. And if you look at what we posted on the website, our foreign exchange this year will have an impact of an increase in revenue of $20 million and then a $0.10 pressure on EPS. So absent that, we're in the 120 to 150 range. So assuming that happens two more years in a row here, and we have full expectations that we're going to continue to grow, then that should replicate in the next couple years. And I'd say it's driven by three things. One is the mix of businesses. So as the Diagnostics business grows faster, a la EUROIMMUN and the rest of the core, then that should have increased opportunity on our op margin line. Number two is the volume leverage. I've mentioned in the past that we don't have a lot of infrastructure that we need. We have a good base to be able to take advantage of. And three, we've got a lot of discipline around cost out. We've got a whole team, particularly on the DAS side, but also on the DX side that's working on product pare downs, different sourcing, value engineering. And so I think as we look at the margin expansion, we think it's about a third, a third, a third in each of those categories, mix, leverage and then our cost out activities that we're driving.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Derik de Bruin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Derik de Bruin: Hi. Good evening.
Robert F. Friel: Good evening.
Derik de Bruin: So actually I just wanted to follow up on Steve's question there. So I thought you said earlier in the quarter call that EUROIMMUN was tracking at 15%. Did I mishear that? Or that I think?
James M. Mock: Yes. For the year, we're expecting 15%. So in the fourth quarter we're expecting it to be north of 20% in EUROIMMUN because we've got, as we look at our order book, we think that that's what it'll deliver. So year-to-date 13%, the fourth quarter in which we expect, as I said, I think is $102 million of sales. That gets you to the year of 15%.
Derik de Bruin: Thanks. Okay. And just you've done those three acquisitions and you gave us the divestiture amount. Can you tell us what incremental revenues are from the three acquisitions that you've done?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So I think DANI is like about $10 million. SSI is less than that, probably more like $5 million.
James M. Mock: RHS.
Robert F. Friel: And RHS was...
James M. Mock: $1 million or $2 million.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, less than $5 million.
Derik de Bruin: Great. And pretty much everything else I wanted was asked so I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Catherine Schulte with Baird. Your line is now open.
Catherine Ramsey Schulte: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. Just one from me. With the guidance range for core organic revenue growth for the year, what are the new assumptions for DAS versus Diagnostics? It sounds like most of the upside is in DAS. Is that right?
Robert F. Friel: You mean for the year or for the fourth quarter?
Catherine Ramsey Schulte: For the year.
Robert F. Friel: You mean relative to the original guide, that's correct. I mean, where we're seeing most of the over-performance is in the DAS side relative to our guidance at the beginning of the year. That's correct.
Catherine Ramsey Schulte: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Barr Willoughby: Hi. Good evening. I have two questions for you. First, there was a comment regarding the LIMS system install in your genomic services business. Is the disruption that you've mentioned, are you through that now or is that something that lingers into the fourth quarter? And then secondly, Rob, the increased stock comp expense, that it looks like you've done most mark-to-market, at least a portion of it. Will you get some of that back here in the fourth quarter now that the stock is lower than probably where it was during the third quarter?
James M. Mock: I'll take the LIMS one. Hey, Steve. So as I've tried to mention earlier, there's really two portions to really complete our software package in genomics testing. One is the LIMS system which is up and running now. That will increase sequentially from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, the ability for us to take intake samples. And we do have a little bit of extra revenue in the fourth quarter as a result of that. But we're really not humming until the first quarter when we finalize our, what we call our ODIN system, which is really a reporting system. It's as opposed to the geneticist looking and writing out separately one by one every single sample. It's more of an automated system. So once that's really up and running, then it's kind of the flood gates open here, let's say.
Robert F. Friel: To answer the second question, yes, theoretically, if the stock stays exactly is where it is, we're down, I don't know, 6%, 7% from when we closed the quarter, at least when we closed the books. And so yes, the way it works is every quarter we revalue the cash compensation liability to whatever the stock price is.
Steve Barr Willoughby: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to CEO and Chairman Rob Friel for any further remarks.
Robert F. Friel: Well first of all, thanks for your questions and your interest in PerkinElmer. As we head into the end of the year, I continue to be very confident in our ability to drive our strategy and build upon the terrific momentum we've seen so far, which I think sets us up for an even more successful 2017. Before I close the call though, I would like to mention that as I think some of you know, Tommy has recently been promoted to the CFO of our service business within DAS. And therefore this could be his last earnings call as Vice President of Investor Relations. I wanted to thank him publicly for his terrific efforts over the last six years, as he has both contemporized our Investor Relations function as well as increased the visibility of PerkinElmer within the investor community. And while he tries to take more credit for the stock appreciation than he deserves, I must admit his impact was not insignificant. While he leaves big shoes to fill, we hopefully will have someone in the role by early next year. In the meantime, we've asked Tommy to do double duty. However I'm confident our service business will get lots of Tommy's attention, as I know he has many ideas to help elevate its performance. With that, let me close the call. Thanks again for joining us this afternoon and have a great evening and hope you enjoy what's left of Halloween.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all have a great day and thank you.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2018 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Tommy Thomas: Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. With me in the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jamey Mock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until August 15, 2018. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change, so you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased to report that PerkinElmer had an excellent second quarter, delivering revenue and adjusted earnings per share significantly above our forecast and making important progress against our key strategic growth priorities. Turning to the specific financial results, second quarter total revenue was $704 million, representing growth of 29% on a reported basis and organic growth to 10% with each of our businesses growing organically by 10%. EUROIMMUN grew as expected, increasing double digits in the second quarter. However, due to the strong growth of the core businesses, EUROIMMUN had an immaterial impact on our overall organic growth rate in this quarter. Adjusted EPS was $0.91, an increase of 36% over Q2 last year, with operating margins expanding 180 basis points versus the second quarter last year to 19.7%. While Jamey will discuss our financial results in more detail, we are obviously very pleased with both the breadth and level of organic growth, as well as with the significant operating margin expansion. A very strong top line organic growth this quarter is attributable both to the fact that end markets continued to experience robust demand, as well as our successful execution of previously communicated strategic initiatives. Specifically, our focus on tailoring the portfolio to more attractive end markets where our capabilities are well differentiated and investing in innovative new products and services that are helping solve customers' most challenging problems are leading to accelerating growth in each of our key end markets. Turning first to our Discovery & Analytical Solutions business, or DAS, we are experiencing strong customer uptake of both our new imaging and analytical instrumentation, as well as solutions spanning informatics and service in both the pharma and applied markets. Scientists and researchers are involving PerkinElmer in critical projects to discover disease insights sooner, detect contaminants more effectively, and accelerate therapies into the clinic and drugs to market. In particular, customers are using our new preclinical in vivo imaging solutions to better understand disease progression and to help develop treatments for a wide range of cancers, infectious diseases, and other disorders. On the analytical side, our growth was broad-based as every one of our analytical offering segments experienced high-single-digit growth or better. This has been driven by customers around the world increasingly leveraging the versatility of our instruments to test for contaminants in food and the environment as well as across industrial applications. In our Informatics and OneSource service offerings, we continue to experience very strong growth as our expanded professional and technology services improve how our pharma and biotech customers collaborate, share, harness, and interpret data. In the Life Sciences space, the trend toward digitization of the lab is helping fuel the race from molecule to medicine. For example, we recently introduced a new screening solution built on application programming interfaces and customizable workflows that gives R&D organizations the ability to conduct data analysis, review, and report, plus compare data from different assay types across multiple platforms, ultimately helping researchers better discover and develop new therapies. On the Diagnostics side, researchers and clinicians around the globe are rapidly adopting new technologies to accelerate disease understanding, diagnosis, and treatment, as well as enable earlier detection of diseases to improve patient outcomes. In this regard, our two major focus areas this year have been to identify key technology synergies with EUROIMMUN, while maintaining its historical growth rate. And in our core Diagnostic businesses, we are strengthening our respective franchises in reproductive health and genomics by expanding our detection capabilities, product and service offerings, and continuing to build out our presence in emerging markets. With regard to EUROIMMUN, the business has grown mid-teens through the first half of the year, and we are ahead of our plans relative to driving product synergies as we continue to find exciting areas of collaboration between EUROIMMUN and our existing technologies. We recently announced that we received FDA clearance for several new assays to use with the EUROPattern microscope. These tests using EUROIMMUN's proprietary BIOCHIP technology have the ability to provide multiple mosaics improving lab workflow. In addition, with the EUROPattern automated microscopes, which have the leading throughput in the market, clinicians will improve efficiencies and labs will be able to better standardize patient care. EUROIMMUN has also been working on advancing technical synergies in the fields of antibody and antigen development, while expanding its testing menu on to PerkinElmer instrumentation. During the quarter, we also progressed in closing the gaps in liquid handling in nucleic acid extraction for EUROIMMUN's molecular diagnostic solutions using PerkinElmer technologies. In addition, Tulip and EUROIMMUN have been working together in the field of infectious diseases on developments to expand our menu of arboviruses solutions in emerging markets. We look forward to the continued development of these technical synergies and bring these solutions to market in the coming quarters. In our core Diagnostic franchises of reproductive health and genomics, we experienced high-single-digit growth or better. We continue to build out our capabilities in our next-generation sequencing workflow solutions to aid processes from extraction to analysis, as well as ramp up our genetic testing services. In addition, we benefited from the rising demand for diagnostic solutions in rapidly emerging, expanding markets. This was evidenced by growth from Haoyuan blood bank screening business in China along with strong infectious disease testing wins from Tulip products in India, as well as Tulip's expansion through additional geographic markets outside of India such as in Africa. In our newborn screening area, we're also delighted to announce that we have recently received FDA approval of our mass spec based test for lysosomal storage disorders, or LSD. Our NeoLSD kit is unique to the market and is the only FDA and CE-IVD kit approved for testing of six LSDs. In June, PerkinElmer closed the acquisition of RHS Limited. Based in Australia, the company provides innovative solutions in single-cell genomics. The acquisition strengthens PerkinElmer's position in molecular cytogenetics and next-generation sequencing, allowing us to offer complete sequencing-based workflow solutions for pre-implementation genetic testing of aneuploidies. The acquisition is a good fit to both our reproductive health and applied genomics businesses, where tools in single cell and genetic testing are going to play an important role in Diagnostics. Also during June, we filed for CE-IVD Marking for our Vanadis non-invasive prenatal screening solution. We pre-launched the Vanadis system at the recent International Society of Prenatal Diagnostics meeting in Belgium, where we presented clinical data which showed sensitivity at least as good as both the RACE and sequencing and with a lower no-call rate than existing NIP technologies on the market. Furthermore, this system is totally integrated workflow that lab technicians will be able to operate after one week of training. The reaction from prospective customers who were briefed on the system was very positive, and we expect to receive CE-IVD approval very soon. As we've talked about in the past, our goal is to ultimately enable all women globally to have access to an accurate, low-cost method of screening of trisomies. Regarding pricing, we believe the majority of customers adopting Vanadis will prefer the reagent rental model consistent with how most of our reproductive health customers operate today. Consequently, pricing will be largely dependent on the number of tests the lab runs. However, we anticipate pricing to be very attractive relative to current alternatives on the market irrespective of value. As we ramp up our operations and service, the plan is to install the solution in 10 labs this year. We will then work with our current biochemical customers in Europe to seamlessly convert them to Vanadis as we begin to make the system available to other regions of the world. So to summarize the first half of 2018, we are making excellent progress on accelerating the growth profile of the company and converting incremental revenue to increase profits while fueling meaningful investments back into the company. As a result of the progress we are making, we are confident and once again increasing our guidance for the year, raising our full-year organic revenue growth rate to 6% for the core business, excluding EUROIMMUN, which if included would add another 100 basis points to our organic growth rate. We are also increasing our adjusted EPS to $3.65, which is $0.15 higher than our original guidance of $3.50 in January this year and now represents an increase of 26% over last year. I'd now like to turn the call over to Jamey, who will cover our financial performance in more detail.
James M. Mock: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm excited to be part of PerkinElmer and optimistic about the outlook for our company. I've had the pleasure of meeting some of you since joining May 1 and I look forward to meeting more of you in the coming weeks. I want to start with the financial highlights for the second quarter of 2018. Next, I'll provide some additional color on our served end markets and detail and other financial metrics. I'll finish with a financial summary of our second half 2018 guidance. Turning to the second quarter results. We were very pleased with the continuing strength in our business as organic revenue in the second quarter of 2018 grew approximately 10%. Adjusted revenue in the second quarter grew 29% to $704 million with acquisitions adding approximately 16% and foreign exchange representing a tailwind of approximately 3%. By business segment, Diagnostics, representing approximately 40% of total sales, grew 10% organically in the second quarter, driven by solid fundamentals in our served end markets. Discovery & Analytical Solutions, representing approximately 60% of total sales, also grew approximately 10% organically in the second quarter, highlighted by broad-based strength in both the Life Sciences and applied end markets. I will provide some additional color on both businesses in a moment. We were very encouraged by healthy growth across all major geographies with double-digit organic revenue growth in Asia and in Europe and high-single-digit organic revenue growth in the Americas. This represents four consecutive quarters of organic revenue growth in all major geographies. In the emerging market regions, we continue to see double-digit organic revenue growth driven by China and India. Moving to the details of our operational performance, second quarter adjusted operating income increased 41%, and adjusted operating margins were 19.7%, up 180 basis points over the comparable prior period including a 30-basis-point benefit from EUROIMMUN. Foreign exchange was a headwind of 50 basis points during the quarter. To net of acquisitions and foreign exchange, our underlying operational performance was strong in the quarter at 200 basis points of expansion driven by strong volume leverage and productivity. We are encouraged by the efforts of our product line and sourcing teams, driving savings in each of our commodity categories. We continue to expect strong adjusted operating margin improvements over the second half of 2018 to meet our guided range of 70 basis points to 90 basis points of expansion. As a reminder, effective January 1, 2018, we adopted a new pension accounting standards and have restated 2017 effectively lowering adjusted operating income. The impact versus our prior guidance is an increase in operating costs of approximately 2 million per quarter with an offsetting increase in other income. As a result, there is no net impact to adjusted EPS. Finally, adjusted earnings per share of $0.91 exceeded our guidance by $0.05, driven by a $0.06 beat from stronger organic growth, partially offset by $0.01 from unfavorable foreign exchange. Looking further into the key drivers within our segments for the second quarter, let's start with our Discovery & Analytical Solutions business. Our second quarter results were driven by strong double-digit organic revenue growth in Life Sciences coupled with high-single-digit organic revenue growth in the applied market verticals. As a reminder, our Life Sciences business serves the pharma biotech and academic government end markets, and our applied markets business sells into food, environmental, and industrial verticals. Life Sciences' strength was driven by a very strong performance in the pharma biotech end market driven by strength in the Drug Discovery segment. Drug Discovery product sales in high content screening and new imaging products were key contributors as was continued strength in our OneSource and informatics businesses. Applied market growth was solid led by the industrial, environmental, and Asian food end markets driven by strong instrument sales. Switching to Diagnostics, revenue grew 10% organically driven by high-single-digit organic revenue growth in reproductive health and strong double-digit organic revenue growth in both genomics and immunodiagnostics. Geographically, Asian organic revenue growth was up low teens; Europe increased double digits; and America saw a high-single-digit organic increase. Looking at key new additions in our Diagnostics business. Tulip reported high teens organic growth driven by rapid testing, and the team continues to make great strides in penetrating the Indian diagnostics market. We continue to build on our momentum in our PerkinElmer genomics testing business and feel good about achieving approximately $15 million in revenues by 2020. Broad-based growth across all disease states helped EUROIMMUN grow mid-teens organically through the first half of 2018, and they remain on target to achieve the organic revenue growth planned for the full year. Geographically, China and Germany were once again strong with momentum building in the U.S. We remain on track to double EUROIMMUN U.S. sales this year. As Rob mentioned, we are pleased to report that we have submitted Vanadis for CE Mark approval, and we look forward to working with our European customers to bring this new technology to the market. We believe that our strong global customer relationships and significant cost position provides a unique opportunity to help penetrate the NIPT market and deliver increased product offerings to a larger patient population. Looking at below the line items, adjusted net interest and other expense for the second quarter was approximately $16 million, and our adjusted tax rate was approximately 17%. Looking ahead, we now see the full year adjusted tax rate at 16% driven by increased foreign profits in lower rate jurisdictions. Turning to the balance sheet, we finished the quarter with approximately $2 billion of debt and $163 million of cash. We exited the quarter with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of approximately 3.2 times, and we remain on track to finish the year below 3 times. Turning to our cash flow performance, our second quarter operating cash flow from continuing operations saw a sequential improvement. Higher inventory levels supporting production moves in Singapore and China to further increase our manufacturing localization, coupled with production builds supporting stronger demand, impacted the first half of 2018. In addition, we have taken on a new distribution center strategy to better fulfill customer orders while also reducing logistics costs. We have plans in place to deliver on our full year free cash flow commitment. I would also note that our board recently approved a new two-year $250 million share repurchase authorization, replacing the recently expired authorization. To wrap up the second quarter, we are very pleased with our performance, which has resulted in double-digit organic revenue growth and strong adjusted operating margin expansion. Looking ahead to the second half of 2018, we continued to believe that we are well-positioned to drive solid organic revenue growth and provide strong financial results for our key stakeholders. Driven by the strong first half performance, we are once again raising our full year 2018 core organic revenue growth guidance to 6%. This increase excludes EUROIMMUN, which will add another 100 basis points. Our organic revenue growth guidance now assumes 7% organic revenue growth in core Diagnostics with EUROIMMUN increasing the growth rate to 9% and 6% organic growth in debt. We now expect reported revenue for the year to be approximately $2.78 billion, which incorporates EUROIMMUN sales of approximately $370 million and foreign exchange tailwinds of approximately $30 million. We are flowing through the net second quarter adjusted EPS fee and taking up our full year adjusted earnings per share to $3.65 despite an incremental $0.04 foreign exchange headwind. This represents approximately 26% adjusted EPS growth versus 2017. For the third quarter of 2018, we are forecasting reported revenues of $675 million, representing 22% reported revenue growth versus the comparable prior period. Our guidance assumes 5% core organic growth, mid-teens growth from EUROIMMUN, and negligible impact from foreign currency on a year-over-year basis. In terms of adjusted earnings per share guidance, we are forecasting $0.92 for the third quarter, which represents 26% growth versus the comparable prior period. This concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, at this time we would like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi, and thanks for the time here this afternoon. Welcome, Jamey. Good to have you here on the call. And I'd put up a high-five for Corbett, really big quarter for DAS. And that's the first thing I'd like to talk about. I wonder if you could layer on any more perspective on the surge in the DAS franchise, good growth, big step-up, best quarter in, I think, three years. Rob, you gave us a lot of detail on the product drivers, but I wonder if you could maybe rank order and again unpack it a little bit more between how much did end market help step up? How much of this is about commercial execution really hitting its stride more than a year after the sales force restructuring? How much of this is new products? Any more depth you could give us there would really help.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. Well, first of all, I think it's all of the above, as you pointed out. I would say, first of all, if we think about the beat in the quarter, it largely came on the instrument side. We clearly saw good strength in service and informatics and consumables, but I would say the delta really came on the instruments side, and it's a combination of things you talked about. So, first of all, I think clearly we're seeing better execution. If you go back, we combined the businesses back in 2016. We, as you recall, experienced a little bit of disruption there. But I think we've now got the global account sort of customer initiative, coupled with the sales force, really focused on selling complete solutions, which is aided by the OneSource and the Informatics. So, I think that's going well. I think on the innovation side, we continue to see strong uptake not only on the new products in 2018 but continued strong growth from the products that we introduced in 2017. Things like the Avio, the NexION, the QSight are all adding strong growth. On the Life Science side, clearly in the imaging area, both our high content and in vivo imaging did quite well. And so what I sort of alluded to in the comments, it's fairly broad based. And then, even if you look across the geography, it was quite strong as well. So, I think it's clearly better execution. I think it's innovation. And I think, as we've heard in the last couple of weeks, I think the markets continue to be fairly robust.
Steve Beuchaw: Really appreciate that. The second thing that I wanted to touch on is Vanadis. It sounds like you have a series of target accounts. These are existing PerkinElmer customers. I wonder if you can give us a sense for where you think the common threads are. Are the regions that you think you have real success with here in the early days, the types of labs that you'd characterize as appropriate. And how should we think about the transition from CE Mark timing, hopefully, here in the near term to 2019, and Vanadis as a revenue driver? Thank again.
Robert F. Friel: So I'd say, first of all, obviously, with the CE-IVD marking, our focus will largely be in Europe initially. And I think we've talked about this in the past, but we have probably 3.5 million pregnancies that we do today with biochemical screening. So, obviously, the focus will be in those areas that are doing the biochemical screening today and looking to convert, if not all, those tests on to Vanadis. I would say that  with regard to targeted accounts as I sort of mentioned in my remarks, we've effectively already identified 10 labs that will be getting the systems throughout the remaining part of 2018. And then, as we sort of ramp up production, we'll look to expand that across Europe, initially, and then ultimately, probably not until 2020, we'll look to expand into other geographic regions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Dan Arias of Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Daniel Arias: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks. Rob, on EUROIMMUN, can you just comment on the U.S. market and if you could talk a little bit more about the puts and takes there? What's your view on the investment needs you expect you have in order to maximize that opportunity? I think, initially, you were thinking it was more requirements on the infrastructure side than the channel side. So, I guess, is that still the case? And then just, yeah, overall, how are you feeling about that portion of the market and then what you can do there in the next 12 months?
Robert F. Friel: So, as I think, Jamey mentioned, EUROIMMUN did very well in the U.S. again. I think through the first half of the year, they've now exceeded what they did in 2017. But if you just step back from EUROIMMUN, it had another strong quarter across all the key geographic areas. Europe, China, U.S. were all up at least double digits. I think in U.S., specifically, I think we continue to add tests as we receive FDA approval. I think in the second quarter, we added about seven additional assays to the menu, and we're continuing to see expansion of our business, particularly with the larger reference labs. So, I think it's partly adding some to the channel, but it's probably what's going to drive the more significant growth is getting the new products out there, getting the approval received from the FDA. I think right now, when you look at autoimmunity, we have, at least globally, the largest menu of tests and probably the best specificity, which is being driven by both our BIOCHIP technology and the capabilities of EUROIMMUN to produce excellent recombinant antibodies and antigens. So therefore, they not only can produce very sensitive or very specific assays, but they also attract the KOLs to work with them. So I think that'll continue to be the approach to continue to build out the menu. And we continue to train the PerkinElmer sales force on the EUROIMMUN products and vice versa. So, I don't know that there's a huge investment required other than you just get to do products approved and out on the market.
Daniel Arias: Yeah, okay. That's helpful. Thank you. Jamey, maybe on the margin outlook for the back half of the year, obviously some good improvements sequential here from 1Q. It does still require some acceleration in the back half to get to your 70 bps to 90 bps expansion targets. So can you just sort of comment on how you're thinking about the mix and the elements that give you the confidence in order to do that in the back half?
James M. Mock: Yeah, I think it's mostly around some extra volume in the fourth quarter, Dan. So in the third quarter it will be primarily mixing in EUROIMMUN for the margin expansion. And then in the fourth quarter it's both EUROIMMUN, as well as a solid amount of volume leverage as we expect some revenue uptick there.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ross Muken of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Ross Muken: Hey. Congrats, guys, on a great quarter.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you.
Ross Muken: So maybe just talk a little bit about how you're thinking about China. You have a pretty varied business there now given obviously some of the recent moves that are in a number of different markets. Given all of the tariff noise, how are you thinking about sort of your manufacturing base, as well as sort of any potential maybe on the capital equipment side in the third quarter for any uncertainty? And just in general, kind of your view on that market as a whole?
Robert F. Friel: So, first of all, China continues to perform well for us. It was up again double digits in the second quarter. And I think we feel we're continuing the track to a strong growth opportunity. But as you point out, there are some potential headwinds out there, so let me sort of take it one at a time. So I'd say, first of all, on the tariff side, I mean, we think right now based on state of play, it's not a huge headwind for us. It's probably $1 million or less, and I think that's something we can either absorb in productivity or to the extent it requires a little bit of pricing. I think we can get that. So we don't see tariffs today as a significant issue, I would say, and that's mostly coming from products produced in China and used in our supply chain. When you look at the other way, right now there's virtually no diagnostic product that come from the U.S. into China. Our Diagnostics products come from three sources: they're either made locally; they come from Finland; or they come from Germany. So we don't see much of a risk there. On the DAS side, we think there is probably $75 million to $80 million of product that goes from U.S. into China. And we've looked at our ability to move that production. Some of it we can move relatively quickly, other probably would take us six to nine months, and we're starting to put some contingency plans in place that would allow us to do that. We haven't sort of pulled any triggers right now, but we think we could do that in a relatively short period of time. Like I said in some cases relatively quickly, in some cases probably six to nine months.
Ross Muken: That's helpful. And maybe it sounded like, yeah, food and applied had a really good quarter. Perten, I think you've had some pretty great performance since you bought that asset. Maybe just give us a little color on sort of the dynamics there and maybe regionally what the bias is on applied and food?
Robert F. Friel: So you said applied was a good quarter for us. It was up single digits. I would say if you look at food in Asia, that was strong. That was up high-single digits as well. I would say in North America and Europe it was more in the sort of low- to mid-single digits. I think that's somewhat timing. I think food for us, if you looked through the first half of the year is tracking sort of mid-single digits, but we think probably by the end it will get to the high single digits. And industrial was also good for us. I think if you recall last quarter there was a little concern relative to I think we were down sort of 1% on the industrial side and sort of indicated it was timing. And I think when you look at some of these end markets that are sort of sub-10% for us as sort of a percentage of our revenue, we can have things move in and out of the quarter, couple of million bucks that can drive a couple of hundred basis points. Industrial for us in the second quarter was up high-single digits. It was pretty broad-based from a geographic perspective. And so if you look at industrial now year-to-date, we're sort of tracking the mid-single.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tycho W. Peterson: Hey, thanks. Actually want to follow up on the China comment. There was no pull-forward dynamic this quarter. We've heard about that from a few peers. And I asked because the 3Q revenue guide also looks a little bit light relative to, I think, what we've been expecting at least.
Robert F. Friel: No, I don't think so, Tycho. I mean, I think when we look at the revenue in China. I mean, I don't see anything pull through. And I think relative to the back half, I just think it's prudent to maybe a little in the conservative side given some of the issues that are swirling out there. And I think particularly in the China side, I think we're looking to be somewhat prudent in our expectations around revenue.
Tycho W. Peterson: Okay. And then on the investment side, I want to go back to EUROIMMUN for a minute. You had talked previously, I think, in the conference about hiring 175 to 200 engineers. Can you comment on that, where you are in that process? And I guess if 90% of that business is reagents, what's really driving the need there?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So I would say that the engineer hiring the 175 to 200 is probably on an annual basis. I mean, if you look at the growth that the company has experienced historically, that's generally what they're hiring in any given 12-month period. And I think the conversation was in the context of the Siemens discussions. So I think, like I said, and if you look at the historical track record of the company and it's been growing sort of mid to high teens, that workforce is R&D based. It can be some salespeople, but I would say most of the engineers are going into the R&D area to sort of work with increased investment in R&D. I mean, the model there has been, as they've grown the revenue, they've tried to keep their investment in R&D at least constant as a percentage of revenue. And so if you're growing at 15%, you're taking your R&D up 15%. And so that's what's really driving the hiring of the engineers.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. Can you offer an update on how you're doing with the PerkinElmer genomics business? Is it just genetic testing portion specifically that you launched a year ago?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So I would say we continue to see very good uptake on the genomics testing business. It grows or grew well in excess of 100%, but, of course, it's off of a low base. And so I would say consistent with the strategy we discussed previously, it's focused on, one, continuing to work with the states here in the U.S. to provide confirmatory testing, but also has been expanding our partnerships with pharma and biotech companies as we sort of help them in their quest to treat rare diseases. And we're also seeing nice opportunities to partner with other organizations to fundamentally to, I would say, faster turnarounds in our interpretive capabilities. So we're seeing a lot of opportunity. And in fact, we'll probably put in another five NovaSeqs in September to handle what we expect to be the significant volume uptake here.
Dan Leonard: Okay. That's helpful. And then a follow up, another product question. Can you elaborate further on progress with the QSights? I know that that had some strategic implications for you as well beyond just being a new product launch.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say I mentioned a little bit in the discussion around new products. I think on the DAS side, we're seeing good traction there largely in the food applications. And we hope to maybe over time just sort of expand that out into other areas. I would say on the Diagnostics side we're in the process of getting that FDA approved with our set of reagents. And so while we've seen some increase there, it's going to really  until we get FDA approval on our reagents is when you'll see the more significant ramp-up on the Diagnostics side. But I would say overall we're very pleased with the performance and think it could be a nice platform to expand into other areas.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel of Cowen. Your line is now open.
Doug Schenkel: Hey. Good afternoon. This is actually Chris on for Doug today. Thanks for taking my question. I just have a quick clarification question to start. What was Diagnostics organic revenue growth in Q2 excluding EUROIMMUN? I have a follow-up.
Robert F. Friel: 10%.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. And then I believe you noted revenue synergies were ahead of expectations for EUROIMMUN. Can you just provide a bit more to detail on this commentary? Specifically what testing categories or geographies are generating upside? And lastly, just a longer-term question, given your early success with EUROIMMUN, should we think that mid-teens growth rate is now sustainable in 2019 and beyond?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say relative to the revenue synergies and I would say the comment was not necessarily related to revenue dollars but really the projects that we're running that we think will have future revenue synergies. And the way I would sort of describe those is I'd probably put those into three categories. The first one I would say around sort of new market or really probably new product opportunities. And so an example there would be we're in the process of putting some of their assays on our instrument. So an example would be we're combining a chemiluminescent bench-top instrument that PerkinElmer makes with some neurological assays from EUROIMMUN, and of course, that opens up a new market for us, so we're excited about that. And we've got a number of those instances where we're sort of combining the capabilities of both to open up new market opportunities. The second area, I would say, where it's more sort of cost and capability. So EUROIMMUN, I think as we've talked about, is going to start producing antibodies across both DAS and DX, which in addition to expanding our product development opportunities and reducing our costs, we think, will improve quality. And so that's a sort of a second category. And then the third area, I would say in the emerging market areas, and I sort of alluded to this in my prepared comments. We're developing a lateral flow infectious disease menu for emerging markets, and if you think about that Tulip has a lateral flow technology in the distribution channel and EUROIMMUN has the antigens. So anyway my comment was really we're seeing those projects advance quicker than we thought. And I would also say we're seeing more opportunities to drive the synergies across the two capabilities of their respective companies. Your second comment with regard to our confidence around continuing to expand EUROIMMUN into 2019 and 2020. I would say at this point I'm going to hold off on giving any discussion or guidance around 2019 or 2020 until we probably get through with 2018.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Michael Ryskin: Thanks. This is Mike Ryskin on for Derik. Thanks for taking the question. Real quick, just a follow-up on the EUROIMMUN question. In 1Q, you called out that there was an $82 million amount. Coming out at somewhere around $88 million to $90 million in 2Q, is that about right?
Robert F. Friel: That's about right, yeah.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. Thanks. And then just broader on the DAS segment, I mean given the 10% print, on the one hand, you have a little bit of an easier comp in the first half of 2017, in particular in 2Q, and then also on your comment that much of the strength, or at least the surprise for the upside came from instruments, which can be a little bit more bulky. Is there anything that's changed in your outlook for the second half of the year, both for either pharma or the life sciences, or the applied end markets in terms of demand? Just looking at where the numbers come out now and how it carries forward. Are you feeling any more bullish? I know that you raised your DAS outlook 5% to 6%, but a lot of that's already carried in the beat. So how is your  or how has your outlook changed for the second half?
Robert F. Friel: No, I would say, if you think about the first half, as I mentioned, it's been a fairly robust macroeconomic environment, and our assumption right now is it sort of continues into the back. So, I wouldn't say we're anticipating any acceleration, at the same time, I don't know that we're anticipating a deceleration. So, we're assuming market conditions continuing to back half similar to what we saw in the first.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan: Hi. Thanks. Good afternoon.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Jack Meehan: Rob, I was impressed with the commentary around the Discovery segment within biopharma, that seemed to accelerate the last couple of quarters. Could you elaborate just what you think is driving some of the improvement there? Whether it's on the funding environment or some of the new products you talked about?
Robert F. Friel: Well, as  and I've sort of mentioned a little bit before, but I would say it really goes across a number of things. First of all, I think we're executing better. We're getting the sort of global account structure. I think the sales force is getting better at selling the complete solutions. I think the combination of OneSource and Informatics is sort of working well relative to our customers, so I think there's a category around sort of better execution. I think there's a category around new products and innovations. So, clearly, in the imaging area, both high content and in vivo, we saw a nice step-up there. And then in more of the applied markets, virtually across all of our technologies, we saw strong growth. And again, I think a lot of that can be attributed to fairly significant refresh of a number of the platforms we did in 2017. And as you probably appreciate, a lot of these instruments sales do have sort of a time lag associated until you start to see the ramp-up. So, I think a lot of the benefits we saw initially in 2017 are starting to carry through into 2018, and that's combined with, I think, better execution of the sales force, and I think robust end markets are what's leading to a very strong growth, particularly on the product side and DAS.
Jack Meehan: Great. And just as a follow-up, so it looked like the primary driver to beat was on revenue, margins were modestly better than what we were looking for. I guess I was just a little surprised given the magnitude of the top line beat more than drop down to EBIT. So just wondering if either you or Jamey could just maybe just walk through some of the factors, FX, and maybe mix that might have been a headwind in the quarter there?
James M. Mock: Yeah, yeah. So, Jack, we grew 180 basis points on the OM line and there was 50 basis points of foreign exchange in there, so just to go back to the walk. The core grew 200 basis points. There was 50 basis points of foreign exchange headwind and then 30 basis points from EUROIMMUN, so we think that's actually pretty strong. We also saw it on the gross margin line as well being pretty strong. And there EUROIMMUN grew about 160 basis points, the core grew about 140 basis points, and we had another 50 basis points of FX headwind, so we felt pretty positive.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So I appreciate the optimism with our ability to perform and convert, but we saw gross margins up like 250 basis points. So we felt pretty good about that on the flow-through. And we lost a little bit through the operating line fundamentally because operating expenses, particularly on the R&D side, were a little higher.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Barr Willoughby: Hi. Good evening. I just have a couple of questions for you. First, Rob, I guess just thinking about the back half organic growth versus what you've done here in the first half again, you talked about we've experienced a pretty robust macro environment in the first half of the year and you're assuming that to continue. So, I guess if you could maybe explain it to me one more time on, going from 10% organic growth this quarter down to 5% guidance here for the third quarter and probably around similar for that in the fourth quarter is what I think is implied. Just wondering why such the large deceleration there. And then I have a follow-up as well.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I would say it's fundamentally two. One is, we've got a little bit more difficult comp in the back. And then the other one is, I think it's just  given what  our swirling around with some potential headwinds, we think it's prudent that 5%  and by the way, even with those numbers, we'll do 6% on the core. So as we sort of think about the last three years, our organic growth will go from 2% to 4% to 6%. And then, of course, if you add EUROIMMUN on top of that, it gets us to 7%. So, I think we're pretty pleased with that. And what I will say is, we won't let that be a constraint on our possibility of beating that number.
Steve Barr Willoughby: Okay. And then just confirming something you said in the past, with the timing on Vanadis, are you still expecting $10 million in revenue from that this year? And then one more question for Jamey on guidance. Thanks so much.
Robert F. Friel: No, I think probably $10 million is a little heavy. I think what we had said in the past is sort of $5 million to $10 million, but I think it's probably more closer to $5 million than it is to $10 million again because I think it's the fact of the timing of the tenders. But we'll see. And again our anticipation is it's going to take it a while to get these sort of calibrated and validated within the labs. And so you're not really going to see a lot of the reagent flow until the latter part of the year or early 2019.
Steve Barr Willoughby: Okay. Perfect. And then, Jamey, just one for you on guidance, just as I'm thinking about kind of an earnings bridge between the previous guidance and the new guidance, the incremental FX headwind, is that basically being offset by a lower tax rate and then you flow through the 2Q beat here, is that the right way to think about things?
James M. Mock: That's exactly right, Steve. Yes, it was a $0.05 beat and then $0.04 from tax and $0.04 headwind from foreign exchange. You got it.
Steve Barr Willoughby: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Patrick Donnelly: Great. Great. Thanks. Rob, maybe just one of the genetic testing services clearly trending well in the early innings year, first, what's the right number for this year on revenue there? And then I know you reaffirmed $50 million number for 2020. When you look at the levers to drive upside to there, what are the key factors you're seeing?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say I think the number for this year is probably 10-ish is what we said. We sort of said 8 to 10 and we're probably maybe tracking to the higher end of that hopefully. I think the levers are probably more on we're sort of putting in interpretive software so that we can process the samples a little bit faster from an interpretive standpoint. And I think our throughput on the sort of sequencing side is a very good. But I think that's probably right now the sort of probably biggest barrier to be enabled to get more sort of volume out there. I also mentioned the fact that we're planning on putting in five more NovaSeqs in September. Obviously they take a little bit of the time to get them sort of up and running. But as I mentioned, we continue to see very good opportunities across all the areas, I mean, particularly even in the pharma area as I mentioned, I mean, I think what's differentiating us is probably two things, and again we've talked about this in the past. First of all, our ability to both provide analysis of genes and proteins is really sort of differentiating us for a lot of the pharma companies that want to say, okay, first of all sequence and indentified (47:30) genetic mutation, but at the same time also desire to quantifying the level of specific enzymes. So that's interesting. And the other one is because we can collect the samples and drive blood spot cards, which again is differentiated. We're basically the only company that can run NGS from that. So that's driving a lot of demand in the pharma companies. And I think the other thing we're seeing is clearly the trend is toward more whole genome sequencing as compared to panels and exomes. And this also plays into our strength as we're one of the few labs that can do clinical whole genome test. So I think there's going to be a lot of opportunity to continue to sort of invest and build this business.
Patrick Donnelly: That's very helpful. Thanks. And then just a quick one on Europe, double-digit growth there, very strong. Can you just talk through anything jump out in terms of markets doing better than others? It kind of jumps off the page with double-digit growth there.
James M. Mock: Yeah, a few of them, Patrick. So I think what jumps out to me at least is reproductive health was quite strong for us and the whole Diagnostics segment was I think up mid-teens here. So, reproductive health in particular was one of the big, stronger players.
Robert F. Friel: But I would say when you look across DAS, it was again, sort of, fairly broad-based. So whether it was life sciences, whether it was applied markets, they were both up double digits in Europe for us.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk of Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
William R. Quirk: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon, everybody.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
William R. Quirk: A couple questions, Rob. So, first off, on China, any update to some of the newborn screening programs over there? It was suggested on an earnings call earlier this afternoon that there's some renewed interest in expanding screening in China, so just curious what the latest and greatest is?
Robert F. Friel: So newborn did well for us well in China again, but it's in the face of declining birth rates. I would say depending on whether it's the eastern part or the western part of China we're seeing birth rate declines anywhere from sort of mid- to actually high-single digits. Now some of that as we've talked about in the past is sort of the zodiac sign but also clearly there's some economic sort of impacts that are sort of putting the decline in birthrate. That's being offset, as you can imagine, by expanding menu, so we see good opportunity to do that and then increase penetration in various areas. So I think you'll see, as far as increased screening, our data right now would suggest that a large portion of the Chinese newborn gets screened. So, again, so I don't know that there's a huge opportunity to sort of screen more babies. I think the opportunity is really on the menu side. And we're seeing that across a number of regions, not only in China. I mean, even if you look at the U.S. right now, it's interesting. You continue to see fairly significant expansion of the RUSP panel, which you know is the sort of recommended uniform screening panel that the HHS sort of continues to put out. Even within the U.S., that continues to expand and provide nice opportunity for us to expand the menu there.
William R. Quirk: Okay, got it. Thanks for the color. And then secondly, on Vanadis, in terms of the limiting that to 10 systems or 10 labs, excuse me, here in 2018, the reason behind the limitation there, Rob, is that because of timing of tenders? Does that have anything to do with you wanting to continue to evaluate the system and make some adjustments before you open this up broader in Europe in 2019? Just trying to get some additional color behind that. Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I think it's actually a sort of a little bit of both. But the other thing to keep in mind is these systems, again because we're just sort of starting with it, will take some time to get sort of installed and probably more importantly validated. And so we want to sort of get them into some key customers and make sure that they're running well. And at the same time, we're sort of ramping up the production of these systems. And I think the combination of those factors led us to believe to be somewhat conservative relative to the volume in the back half.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard of Jefferies Financial. Your line is now open.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. Good afternoon. Just a quick one for Jamey, it looks like in terms of working capital, AR and inventories came down pretty substantially quarter-over-quarter. Was there any onetime sort of benefit there maybe EUROIMMUN-related? And then despite the EPS bump to the year, you didn't change free cash flow expectations for you. If you could just speak to that.
James M. Mock: Sure. Yeah, with regard to cash, I mean, if you look at the first half of this year, Brandon, versus the last couple of years we are always later in the first half. And this quarter and this half is no different in particular. I'd say the only changes that affected the second quarter, as well as the first quarter and therefore the half is what I mentioned in my prepared remarks around what we're doing around the supply chain. So two production moves, a new distribution center strategy, and we anticipate that somewhat normalizing in the second half and being able to get to our kind of original target. So to answer your second question we didn't increase our free cash flow target, our guidance for the end of the year because of these moves and we need to see. Some of this might settle out this year, some of them might settle out in the beginning of next year, but we still feel very good that we'll generate a lot of cash both in the second half and going into 2019.
Brandon Couillard: Got you. It's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I am showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back to Rob Friel for closing remarks.
Robert F. Friel: Great. So, first of all, thanks for your questions and your continued interest in PerkinElmer. So we look forward to continuing to drive our mission of innovating for a healthier world while creating even greater value for our customers, shareholders, and employees. So thanks again, and I hope everyone has a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the PerkinElmer Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later well conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Tommy Thomas: Thank you, Sara. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. With me in the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until May 14th, 2018. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statement said that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward looking statements in the future even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment well provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer Rob Friel. Rob?
Rob Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report PerkinElmer had a very good start to 2018 delivering excellent progress in revenue and earnings. Revenue for the first quarter was $644 million, representing reported growth of 25% and organic growth of 6% comprised of 5% growth from our base business and 1% growth from EUROIMMUN's incremental organic growth. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.63, representing growth of 15% over Q1 last year and $0.03 better than the mid-point of our guidance. The [EPS beat] was attributable to the higher organic revenue growth in the quarter and the slightly lower tax rate than planned. In addition to the impressive financial performance, each of our two businesses made notable progress on our objective to invest in high growth areas, while shifting our portfolio towards those opportunities that are best aligned with our capabilities and expertise. Given our results and positive expectations, moving ahead we feel confident in raising our full year revenue and profit guidance, which I'll speak to you in a few minutes. Turning to end markets, Diagnostics, which now represents 40% of our revenue and our largest end market grew 62% on a reported basis and 7.5% organically with core Diagnostics business growing mid-singles organically and EUROIMMUN growing mid-teens organically. Within Life Sciences, which represents about 35% of our revenue and includes sales of our pharma, biotech, academic and government customers, revenue grew 12% on a reported basis and 7% organically. Sales to pharma and biotech increased high single digits organically and academic and government sales increased mid-single digits organically. The remaining 25% of our revenue is in the applied markets and includes our industrial, food and environmental customers and increased 7% on a reported basis and organically 2%. Sales to environmental and food customers grew mid-single organically, but were offset by some softness in the industrial markets. We are very pleased to see our two largest end markets Diagnostics and Life Science growing high single digits through a combination of favorable market conditions, as well as our respective strong market positions and excellent execution. So in addition to being pleased with the breadth of our growth this quarter, I am also very excited with the progress on our initiatives to increase profitability. While operating margins contracted in the quarter as we anticipated, we've made very good progress on both reducing product costs through low cost sourcing and supplier consolidation and collaboration. In addition we are on track to deliver over 15 million savings in manufacturing costs in the next two years through the deployment of our lean processes and footprint optimization. As a result I remain confident we will achieve the operating margins goal of 70 to 90 basis points of improvement for this year, as well as 22% operating margins by the year 2020. Also during the first quarter, we continue to make very good progress on the key growth initiatives we outlined earlier in the year that we expect were able to achieve high single digit organic growth by 2020. The integration of EUROIMMUN continues to go very well. In the U.S. the combination of our commercial and regulatory resources is already yielding some nice wins, as evidenced by recently placing in number of our new automated ELISA workstations with one of the large reference labs. In addition, we received FDA approval for two lupus detection assays as our combined regulatory resources continue to submit new test, and we now expect an additional 12 new assays to improve this year. Weve also transitioned to service of all EUROIMMUN equipment from third parties to PKI engineers, which will reduce costs and improve response time with consumers. And while we continue to prioritize integration of U S portion of EUROIMMUN, the technology and commercial groups globally are identifying many additional gross synergies across the portfolio between EUROIMMUN, the greater reproductive health business, our China Diagnostic business, applied genomics and our tool of immuno diagnostics business in India. I look forward to updating you on these opportunities on later calls. One of the key drivers to our future growth in diagnostics is for Vanadis non-invasive prenatal testing solution. A research study recently published in Nature Scientific Reports detail the first clinical proof-of-concept data demonstrating the ability to apply Vanadis assay in the detection of trisomy 21 in maternal plasma. We look forward to receiving CE Marking shortly with shipments commencing in second half. The third focus area in our Diagnostic business is our whole genome sequencing service from PerkinElmer Genomics. In the first quarter, we processed about 5000 samples and remain on track to reach the $8 million to $10 million of revenue for 2018 at attractive margins. The ramping of some exciting partnerships with other leading organizations in the genomics field that together make new inroads in the areas of rare disease research, as well as genetic testing of healthy populations. To mention just a couple of recent highlights, we announced the Parent Project Muscular Dystrophy as selected PerkinElmer genomics as its partner to perform full genome sequencing of the entire [Duchenne gene] using a new comprehensive assay. We are also collaborating with Helix, also one of the first clinical products with the initial product being the 59 gene panel that the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics identifies as genetic conditions with established interventions aimed at significantly reducing morbidity and mortality. Turning to Discovery and Analytical Solutions or our DAS business. As I discussed in January, the priorities of the business are shifting from [pre-new processes] in organization in place to operate as a single cohesive business to both accelerating growth and being more consistent. One of the key components of that strategy is to continue to leverage our informatics and OneSource service offerings to improve our pharmaceutical customers lab productivity. A number of our customers is discussing a lab service model with us where the requirements for connected systems to avoid data silos, linked distributed research, manage complex data sets, and ensure compliance are driving them to a unique OneSource and informatics capabilities. Some of the investments we made last year are starting to fuel growth this year. For example, at the end of last year we launched our new PerkinElmer Signals Application for research, translational, clinical development and enterprise analytics and search, which has led to one of our top global pharma customers selecting our analytics platform to power its in-house clinical trial review program. Also we launched the new version of [Kendro] with significantly increased functionality, including biologics, which has experienced good uptake in the market. Going forward, we believe the Kendro offering, which is used by 35,000 scientists can be better leveraged to increase connectivity and ultimately revenue with our scientific customer base. Another important component of the DAS growth strategy is to accelerate our growth in China and emerging markets with increased investments to build local capabilities that address unmet needs. In the first quarter, the DAS organization continued improving localization in emerging markets by expanding manufacturing capabilities. We are now producing three product lines in China and expect soon to close on a small acquisition in China and to expand our elemental analysis products. For the DAS business, China grew high-teens in the first quarter with broad base growth across life sciences and applied market. Finally both businesses will continue to develop innovative new products to support our customers and help solve their most pressing challenges. We are again targeting $50 million of incremental revenue from new products, exclusive of EUROIMMUN, and through the first quarter we generated $14 million from products introduced in the last year. So to summarize the quarter, we are off to a great start. Our end markets for the most part continue to be robust. The organization is executing well and we feel good about our ability to deliver on our financial forecast for this year. However, more importantly, we continued to make very good progress on our strategic priorities that should accelerate both the growth and profitability of the company and achieve the financial profile we have outlined for 2020. In recognition of both the progress made in the first quarter and the continuing opportunities available to us, we have increased both our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance for the year. While Andy will discuss the details, we are increasing our revenue forecast for the year to $2.8 billion, reflecting slightly stronger organic growth in both our base business and EUROIMMUN, as well as changes in foreign exchange rates since our prior guidance. We are also increasing our adjusted EPS guidance to $3.60, which is $0.10 above our previous guidance and represents an increase of 24% over 2018. Before I turn the call over to Andy, I'd like to remind everyone that this will be Andy's last PerkinElmer's earnings call. I would like to take a moment to thank Andy for not only his leadership and oversight of our financial function, but also for the significant role he has played in the transformation of PerkinElmer over the last nine years. During Andy's tenure, we were able to significantly strengthen PerkinElmer's financial profile, evolve our portfolio, and increased the value of the company. On behalf of the entire senior leadership team and all the employees of PerkinElmer, I'd like to express our sincere gratitude to Andy for his leadership and wish him well. I also appreciate Andy's commitment to ensure a smooth transition. Our new Chief Financial Officer, Jamey Mock's first day will be tomorrow. However, he has joined us this evening. I'll now like to turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Wilson: Thanks for the kind words, Rob. And good afternoon, everyone. I also want to express my appreciation to the many inspirational people who have helped me throughout my time at PerkinElmer. I'd like to wish you all and especially our new CFO; Jamey Mock continued success in the future. I'll now move on to the result for the first quarter of 2018, where I'll provide some additional color on our served end market, summary on our financial results for the first quarter, as well as details around our 2018 guidance for the second quarter and full year. We were pleased with the start to 2018, as reported revenue increased 25% and adjusted earnings per share increased 15% over the first quarter of last year, exceeding our expectations set back in January. Adjusted revenues in the first quarter grew to $644 million with organic growth of approximately 6%. Foreign exchange representing a tailwind of approximately 5% and acquisitions adding approximately 14%. By business segment, diagnostics represented approximately 40% of total sales with organic revenue growth of approximately 7.5% for the first quarter driven by solid organic revenue growth in EUROIMMUN. Discovery and Analytical Solutions representing approximately 60% total sales grew approximately 5% organically in the first quarter highlighted by strength in the life sciences end markets, specifically from our informatics and OneSource offering. We are pleased to see continued solid order demand in the quarter and as a result we were able to build additional backlog giving us momentum entering the second quarter. I'll provide some additional color on both businesses in a moment. We experienced healthy growth across all major geographies with high single digit organic revenue growth in Asia, mid single digit organic revenue growth in the Americas and in Europe. This represents three consecutive quarters of growth across all major geographies. In the BRIC regions we experienced high teens organic revenue growth driven by continued strength in Brazil, a very strong performance in India and mid teens organic revenue growth in China. Moving to the details of our operating results. First quarter adjusted gross margins were 48.6%, up 20 basis points from the prior year on a reported basis and up approximately 100 basis points on an FX neutral basis. Reported results were favorably impacted by EUROIMMUN and benefits from our productivity initiatives, partially offset by unfavorable mix and the dilutive impact of foreign exchange. Adjusted SG&A was 26.6% up 60 basis points from the prior year with the addition of EUROIMMUN being the primary driver of the increase. Research and development expenditures were 7.1% of adjusted revenue, up approximately 70 basis points driven by continued investments in Vanadis and the inclusion of EUROIMMUN. As a result, operating - adjusted operating margin was 14.9% down 110 basis points on a reported basis. On an FX neutral basis, adjusted operating margin was consistent with our plan and down approximately 20 basis points due mostly to the seasonality of EUROIMMUN profitability. Please note that as of January 1st, 2018 we adopted - recently issued pension accounting standards and have restated prior years. The impact versus our prior guidance is an increase in operating costs for approximately $2 million per quarter with an offsetting increase in other income. There is no net impact to adjusted EPS. Because foreign exchange is having a greater impact on our forecasted revenue relative to our guidance and EUROIMMUN's cost structure significantly changes our earnings flow through from changes in foreign exchange rates, I wanted to briefly describe this dynamic. Prior to the acquisition of EUROIMMUN changes in our euro and Chinese yuan denominated revenue resulted in a mid teens operating margin flow through based on the global distribution of our production costs and operating expenses. As we have discussed roughly 75% of EUROIMMUN's revenue is in Europe and China and is split approximately 45% in Chinese yuan and 35% in euro. However, as most of EUROIMMUN's production and R&D expenses are in Germany over 70% of their expenses are in euros. As a result, this affects PerkinElmer's overall margin flow through on changes in the value of the euro, as our euro expenses now slightly exceeds our euro revenue. Consequently an increase in the value of the euro relative to the dollar increases our revenue, but results in a slight reduction in operating profit. Also we are now more exposed to movements in the Chinese yuan relative to the euro because the change in the Chinese yuan, euro rate will now flow through at roughly 25% impact on operating profit. Given the foreign exchange movements in the first quarter, we experienced significantly more reported revenue, but a slight headwind in the P&L as the euro appreciated much more against the dollar than the Chinese yuan. For the full year, the foreign exchange impact on our revenue based on current FX rates will be approximately $80 million or $55 million more than we estimated at the beginning of the year. However, this additional revenue will add less than a penny of earnings operating earnings based on current rates. Of course, the flipside of this dynamic is that if the dollar strengthens versus the euro reducing our represented revenues our income will not be materially impacted to the downside. Despite the current FX environment putting some pressure on operating margins, we continue to expect to deliver strong adjusted operating margin improvement over the remaining three quarters to meet our guided range of 70 to 90 basis points of margin expansion in 2018. Turning to adjusted earnings per share in the first quarter, we exceeded the midpoint of our guidance range by $0.03 to $0.63, driven primarily by better organic growth and a lower tax rate. The lower tax rate is a result of recently passed Treasury Department guidance on the new tax law to provide some more favorable outcome than we originally anticipated. Looking further into the key drivers within our segments for the first quarter, let's start with our Discovery and Analytical Solutions business, where first quarter results exceeded our expectations, driven by strong high single digits organic revenue growth in life sciences versus low single digit organic revenue growth in the applied market verticals. Life sciences strength was driven by double-digit growth in both OneSource and our informatics business, as well as strong direct discovery sales and high content screening. Applied market growth experienced mid single digit growth in food and environmental, but was partially offset by softness in the industrial end markets, which we attribute to the timing of instrument orders. Switching to Diagnostics. Core diagnostics revenue grew 4% organically consistent with our expectations as we experienced strong high single digits growth in the first quarter last year. In our core Diagnostics business, our infectious disease business, which exclusively serve the emerging markets continues to show strong growth as it increased mid teens during the first quarter with particular strength coming from Haoyuan and Tulip. The reproductive health business grew mid single digits. A strength in newborn screening in China was partially offset by difficult comparisons in the US. And finally, our applied genomics business was down slightly in the quarter as expected due to strong micro fluidic sales in Q1 of last year. Broad based growth across all disease states help EUROIMMUN exceed organic revenue growth expectations for the quarter up mid teens. Geographically for EUROIMMUN China and Germany were strong and in the US during the first quarter of this year we delivered over half of the amount sold during all of last year. We remain confident of future revenue opportunities, driven by a focus on innovation, time to market and strong customer focus. I hope that you've had a chance to read the Nature of Scientific Reports article on the feasibility of our Rolling Circle Amplification Technology for Vanadis for trisomy 21 detection, which we believe to be as accurate as current generation - gene sequencing methods. As Rob mentioned, Vanadis is gathering clinical data for all three trisomy's as part of their CE Mark application and we continue to expect the second quarter 2018 filing and commercial launch shortly after approval. Looking down the income statement, adjusted net interest and other expense for the first quarter was approximately $12 million and our adjusted tax rate was approximately 17%, which I refer to - referenced previously. Turning to the balance sheet. As we announced we finished the quarter with approximately $2.1 billion of debt and $180 million of cash. We exited the quarter with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of approximately 3.4 times. Turning to our cash flow performance. Our first quarter operating cash flow from continuing operations was impacted by the timing of pension payment and earn-outs related to Tulip, coupled with a temporary increase in working capital from higher receivables due to new OneSource contract initiated in the period, as well as higher inventory levels supporting production moves in Singapore and China in the first half of the year. We remain confident in our ability to deliver our full year free cash flow commitment for approximately $365 million. To wrap up the first quarter, we are very pleased with a solid start to the year, as we delivered better than expected organic revenue growth including a stronger than expected performance from EUROIMMUN, which continues to outpace the market. During the quarter, Vanadis achieved all key milestones and remain on track to launch - to our launch timeline later this year. Our end markets continue to very healthy in both our core and focus areas and were encouraged by our ability to build backlog in the quarter. In addition, we continue to have a good line of sight on adjusted operating margin expansion and free cash flow generation for the remaining three quarters, all of which we believe will contribute to a successful 2018 fiscal year for our key stakeholders. As Rob mentioned, given our results in the first quarter we are increasing our 2018 revenue and adjusted EPS guidance. We now expect full year 2018 reported revenue to be approximately $2.8 billion, which represents 5% organic growth in the base business coupled with EUROIMMUN generating approximately $380 million of revenue, which now reflects slightly stronger organic growth and the impact of the current foreign exchange environment. For the full year, we now expect foreign exchange to be at $65 million tailwind exclusive of EUROIMMUN revenues, which is 40 million more than we estimated in January. Our organic revenue growth guidance assumes 6% organic revenue growth in diagnostics, excluding EUROIMMUN and 5% in DAS driven by a mix of life sciences and applied markets. Geographically we continue to expect mid single digit organic revenue growth in the Americas and Europe with mid to high single digit organic revenue growth in Asia. We are taking our full year adjusted earnings per share to $3.60, which represents approximately 24% adjusted earnings per share growth. Our new guidance incorporates the first quarter out-performance of $0.03, slightly higher organic growth, which adds approximately $0.02 and we now anticipate our full year tax rate of approximately 17% versus our initial guidance of approximately 18.5%, which adds an incremental $0.05 to the remainder of the year. For the second quarter of 2018, we're forecasting reported revenues of 680 million, which represents 6% organic revenue from the base business, 15% growth in EUROIMMUN and foreign exchange of 5%. In terms of adjusted earnings per share guidance, we are forecasting adjusted earnings per share of $0.86 with minimal benefit from foreign exchange headwinds. This concludes my prepared remarks. Sara, at this time wed like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tycho Peterson, JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tycho Peterson: Hi, thanks. I guess, we'll kick it off Andy and just say congrats and wish you the best on the transition.
Andy Wilson: Thank you.
Tycho Peterson: As it relates to EUROIMMUN a couple of quick questions here. Can you maybe talk about what we should be assuming for contributions from the US ramp for the business? And then are you going to comment at all on the -- the headlines around buying some assets from Siemens in Europe?
Rob Friel: Tycho, the ramp in US will continue to be very significantly, but of course it's all a relatively small base. So what we're seeing in the US is growth in the sort of 40% to 50% range for the year. But I think as we've said in the past, it will take a little while before it sort of ramps up to the level of significance, but they're making good traction. With regard to the Siemens discussion, I think at any point in time the people at EUROIMMUN in particularly Winfried Stcker, who is the founder is continuing to look at ways to invest in the future and to support a significant growth. In any given year, EUROIMMUN hires anywhere from 175 to 200 engineers to support the growth that they've had historically, which is as you know has been in the sort of the high teens. What happened in the Siemens situation is apparently they are looking to the exit facility in the southern part of [Germany and Winfried] had some discussions with them where we might assume some of those engineers or in fact some of the facilities. But it's only a discussion phase right now. The way I would think about it is, you just sort of thinking out a couple of years and saying to the extent that we need to continue to get engineering capability in space this maybe a way to do that, and by the way were also wondering if the German government might sort of participate in those transition costs. But nothing definitively, this is just as a discussion phase right now.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. That's helpful. And then for the follow up, you called out the softness in industrial. I know it's only 17% or so the DAS business. But can you maybe just talk a little bit about where you think things are headed for that part of the portfolio?
Rob Friel: Yes, I mean, I think its a little bit of timing particularly in where we saw a little bit of weakness was in the chemical sector. I mean, but I would say industrial for us, which is down slightly in the quarter and I would attribute the more sort of the timing of instrument orders. It seems like the market overall is pretty good. We actually saw - saw a growth in the US and the weakness was really more in Europe and Asia.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Andy Wilson: Hey, Sara before the next call, I just want to clarify something I said and you can attribute it to all there, its being my last call. But the guidance for Q2 topline of 695 and I believe I said 680. But I want to make sure and I confirm that our topline guidance for the second quarter is $695 million. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly, Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Patrick Donnelly: Great. Thanks. Maybe just one on China, I think guidance coming into the year was for high single, low double-digits growth there, coming off another strong quarter of high teens' growth it's been well above kind of a guidance rate for a few quarters here. So maybe just update us on your thoughts in the region there. Obviously there has been some macro noise. So wondering how you're feeling about the environment? What market share you're feeling good about and again just so how you're feeling relative to the guidance?
Rob Friel: Yes, I think China continues to be a great market for us. When you look at the growth as I think Andy mentioned it was mid teens. It can be pretty broad based all of this, if you break it into diagnostics, life sciences, and applied markets, they are all double-digit or better. So, I think, we continue to be excited about the opportunities there. I think the only year we were a little sort of cautious and I think we still continue to sort of look out for the back half and again just be - so I would say cautious about it. But I suspect rather than high single, China will probably be at least double-digits and maybe we'll get it up in the mid teens. The other thing I would say is EUROIMMUN continues to do very well there as well. I think in the first quarter they were more in the high teens. So we continue to see good demand and like I said pretty broad based.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. And then maybe just on the capital allocation side, you had a little bit of share repurchase activity this quarter, in spite of the recent EUROIMMUN deal. So I'm just wondering how you guys are feeling about where you are on the leverage landscape and with Jim coming in any changes we should expect going on the capital allocation side?
Rob Friel: Now I don't think there will be a change. I think we still have a preference to add to the franchises with some bolt-ons, as I think Ive said in the past, unlikely that you would see us go into - what I would call a large deal right now. So I think our preference is to continue to delever a little bit, but it will be bolt-on acquisitions and then I think as we said in the past at a minimum we'll try and keep the share count flat. So to the extent that we see a little flowed up because of either stock price increases our option exercise, we probably take that out. But I would say no intention right now to significantly reduce the shares outstanding.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Muken, Evercore ISI Your line is now open.
Ross Muken: Good afternoon, guys, and Andy congrats.
Andy Wilson: Thank you, Ross.
Ross Muken: And just in terms of the margin cadence, obviously after Q1 it's a pretty big sequential step-up and Q2 at least in our math doesnt imply a kind of expansion. So, I guess, one, could you confirm my math it seems sort of too equated, I guess we had some unique dynamic in 4Q of last year, so maybe that's - maybe easy comp. But is it the math around just the timing of the EUROIMMUN business, which obviously is a weak seasons no Q1 and then steps-up at the incremental drop through from that piece and it gets better sequentially or is this something else that play on that cadence?
Rob Friel: No. I think you have described it exactly as we anticipate it rolling out. First quarter being EUROIMMUNs seasonally lowest quarter and had obviously a dampening effect as well as the FX. I think we'll see as we get into the second quarter - at the higher end of the range it would ramp through the year as we made progress with EUROIMMUN. And as you can do the math it will be over 100 basis points in the quarter. Fourth quarter being a little bit of an anomaly where it's an easier comp. So I think all the things you highlighted are kind of how we're thinking about it as well.
Ross Muken: That's helpful. And could you just also confirm because there's a bunch of different pieces as you gave kind of the organics and M&A contribution with or without EUROIMMUN. Was EUROIMMUN about $80 million or give or take in the quarter including the organic growth?
Rob Friel: Correct.
Ross Muken: Okay.
Rob Friel: It was actually $82 million. It will be in our quarterly filing.
Ross Muken: Got it. And just quickly on sort of the base Diagnostics business. So 4%, so you came off a 8% comp last year, sequentially much easier. So I guess this will be probably the lower point of the year is that sort of the view on that segment?
Rob Friel: That's right. Were looking at sort of second quarter six and then it sort of continues to sort of ramp up from there.
Ross Muken: Thanks, Andy. Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin, Bank of America Your line is now open.
Derik De Bruin: Hey, good afternoon. And once again, Andy its been pleasure. Good luck.
Andy Wilson: Thanks.
Derik De Bruin: Hey. Just to follow up on Ross's question. So the core diagnostics organic revenue number, the one that we also [bid] because we're not adding back pro forma contribution EUROIMMUN its about 4% on the quarter, is that what it was?
Rob Friel: Yes.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. So the 4% number is...
Andy Wilson: And the way we think about that is reproductive health was sort of mid single and to Ross's point it was a little bit difficult comp in the area. Our infectious disease business which is basically China and India was up mid-teens and we saw sort of just a little slight degradation in what we call applied genomics and it was really driven by the micro fluidics business which had some difficult comps in the prior year. That can have the tendency to be a little bit cyclical because there is are instruments involved. But reproductive was mid single ad infectious disease was mid-teens.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. Great. And then just two follow-up questions on the diagnostics. I guess what's the next milestone for Vanadis? And the overall I mean, what do you think the [genomics] business will contribute this year?
Andy Wilson: So the next milestone for Vanadis is clearly getting CE Marked. And I think as we've said we're expecting that -- I do know before the end of this quarter, but hopefully by early third quarter. And so the idea would be that - and be able to sell that out in the back half of the year. We dont have huge sort of expectations for that business in the second half, but call it sort of $5 million $10 million in that type of range. Your second question was referred to the genetic testing business, are you talking about with regard to 2018 or longer term
Derik De Bruin: 2018, since it's a brand new business.
Andy Wilson: Yes. 2018 we're targeting sort of $8 million to $10 million.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. Ill get back in the queue.
Andy Wilson: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel, Cowen. Your line is now open.
Doug Schenkel: All right. Good afternoon. Well, first off I want to welcome Jamie and I also want to thank Andy for all his hard work and help over the years. And congratulations on moving onto the next stage of things. So in terms of my questions just I guess a couple end market questions to start. Following up on the industrial end market commentary and then earlier question, was weakness more pronounced in any specific geography? And would you be willing to comment on bookings in the segment in the quarter and whether or not youve changed your assumption for that end market growth in the context to full year guidance?
Rob Friel: So first of all industrial was down about 1%. So just to sort of calibrate things a little bit, it was up around mid single digits in the Americas. It was sort of flattish in Europe and was down a little bit in APAC. So it's a geographic split. And I think I mentioned before, it was probably most pronounced in the chemicals or petrochemical side of the business. And again I think that was probably just timing of instrument orders. I would say for the year, we think industrial is probably low to mid single digit growth.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Super helpful. And then on - in terms of the organic out-performance in the quarter, it sounds like generally speaking life science was the key contributor by end market is that right and if so, can you talk about whether a big part of this is your new products potentially tracking ahead of plan in terms of their contribution to the quarter?
Rob Friel: Yes. So first of all you're correct it was life sciences. It was particularly in the pharma and biotech area. Well, having said that, there academic and government was up sort of 6% which is nice to see. But really the over performance came in pharmaceutical and specifically in the service and informatics side of the business. And so I talked a little bit about that is some of that was new product, it was Kendro, it was the new signals offering. But we are starting to get some nice traction, as we think we're somewhat uniquely situated with regard to being able to sort of meet this need that some of the pharmaceutical companies are seeing - the buzz word is digitalization of the lab. But it's really trying to make sure that they are getting the right information out of their instruments. And so its a combination of having ability to provide the sort of OneSource capability, but at the same time some of the analytics and electronic notebook capability that weve had historically. And so that really what drove some of the upside performance in the first quarter.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. And lastly, I guess a similar question on EUROIMMUN. Could you break down how much of the strength in the quarter was the function of I guess you new assays, new customers and I guess those two things versus existing customers increasing utilization?
Rob Friel: No. I don't have the visibility into the customer. What I can tell you though is the growth was broad-based geographically. So whether you're looking China, EMEA or North America, it was also double-digits. So I would also say that the growth was pretty broad-based across the sort of diseases. So if you look at EUROIMMUN, if you look at allergy, if you look at infectious disease they also saw nice growth. So it was pretty - like I said broad-based, but I couldn't tell you what the split was between new or existing customers.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw, Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi. Good afternoon.
Rob Friel: Good afternoon.
Steve Beuchaw: I'll certainly go ahead and echo the thanks and congratulations to Andy, really appreciate everything.
Rob Friel: Sure. Thanks.
Steve Beuchaw: I wondered just as we try to tune up our models, one last time, if you could give us any more quantification on the impact of EUROIMMUN at the EBIT margin line in the quarter? And maybe some update thinking on how that progresses over the balance of the year given the seasonality for EUROIMMUN?
Andy Wilson: Yes. We talked in my prepared remarks, it was around 30 basis points 20 to 30 basis points headwind on the corporation. That will flip as we make progress through the year. It will ramp through the year, the fourth quarter for EUROIMMUN will be the largest impact. So it will go from, let's say negative 30 to I would say something in the 50 to 75 basis points as we exit the year.
Steve Beuchaw: Perfect. And then Rob, I wondered if you could take the conversation around Vanadis a couple more steps. Maybe the data that you saw in the Nature Communications article weren't particularly surprising to you. They were certainly better than we had even hope for. How is the data that you've seen so far in some of your preliminary conversations, you are impacting - you are thinking on how that assay, how do you priced and how big the potential market is where Vanadis would be a logical fit? Thanks.
Rob Friel: So I think you're - we were pleased to see the success of the study. But I think from a pricing standpoint and I know everybody's nice to see that and we'll have that out soon is we've said for a long period of time that the purpose of this product is really to replace screening, as compared to a diagnostic test. So we want to make sure, and again the goal here is to really go out into the biochemical labs, so the labs that are doing biochemical screening today with both a simple workflow, as well as a cost structure that is close to that. So again, stay tuned. But that's our thought process around that. And again, the whole theory is to make sure that the sensitivity of Vanadis is at least similar to the current NGS assays. I think we have some arguments as to why we think it's actually better in a number of serious. But we want to make sure at a minimum that it's similar, but in the argument, easier from a workflow perspective and much more economical. With regard to the market, I mean, I think we feel - I mean, just as a rough guide, we said, if we can take 15% to 20% of the market we think that's close to $1 billion.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Arias, Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Dan Arias: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks. Rob on the diagnostics side, can you just add a little color to what you're seeing in the genetic testing expansion? How much of that early business is just due to having the samples in hand and being able to leverage that. Is that something that you're finding is working for you? I know that the thesis going was kind of that exact idea just you would be able to benefit from some of the other business that you are doing?
Rob Friel: I think that's part of it. But I would say when you look at the ramp up it's been not only in the newborn and the bio group business, but we are attracting pharmaceutical companies, we are attracting collaborations. And I think the reason for that is what we have mentioned before is that we provide not only the genetic analysis, but we show the protein or biochemical analysis. And what we're finding that's distinctive in the marketplace and I think that's becoming very attractive to a number of the collaborators and customers.
Dan Arias: Okay. And then maybe Andy if I could just ask you one final question before you go. I guess it would just be, what are you expecting for interest income this year?
Andy Wilson: I think, right now we're looking at net interest income at about $60 million - just north of $60 million.
Rob Friel: 60.
Andy Wilson: Yes. 60, thats net interest expense. Net interest income, was that the question, sorry?
Dan Arias: That's right.
Andy Wilson: That's going to be around $10 million.
Dan Arias: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question - Im sorry
Andy Wilson: Net interest income and other.
Operator: Our next question comes from William March. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Guys, how are you?
Rob Friel: Good.
Unidentified Analyst: On EUROIMMUN, could you just talk a little bit about the America opportunity with a coming off a small base and saying that it's going to take some time to develop? Is that kind of driven by getting approvals of a critical mass of assays or an instrument? Just maybe what are some goalposts to think about for that becoming a more significant contributor?
Rob Friel: Yes. I think that's a piece of it. I mean, part of it is getting the regulatory approvals. I think as we talked in the past that was not an area that EUROIMMUN had invested significantly And so, I mean, combined now we have a much more formidable regulatory capability. I think we've already filed, since the closing, some 18 submissions to the FDA. And I mentioned we're excited about getting two of them out already. So that's a big piece of it. I think the other piece of it is just expanding your commercial presence in the US market and I think the sales force within EUROIMMUN was probably in 10 people or something. And so that's just getting - sort of opening - helping them open some doors, getting a little bit more sort of brand recognition out there. And then I mentioned the other piece was, we've now transitioned all of their - the service of all of their instruments to PerkinElmer. So I think that's helpful from the standpoint of not only cost, but responsiveness to the customer. So I think there is a number of components, just increasing awareness, so in some of the trade shows the combined presence of PKI and EUROIMMUN, I think, is helpful as well. So branding, presence, regulatory, I think, those are the main drivers.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And then on the whole genome servicing business, can you maybe just talk a little bit about that opportunity in terms of the $8 million to $10 million in revenues? You've talked about the collaboration with Helix. As you think about that offering is it more about trying to drive that as a standalone business or bundling that with some of your other products and services to try and drive maybe more incremental revenues? Thanks.
Rob Friel: So it's really both. And I think one of reasons we were sort of comfortable starting this is because we have a bundling opportunity. Weve talked about in the past that, we do the screening for newborn and very often the confirmatory test is done through sequencing. So by us now doing the sequencing we can do both the screening and the confirmatory. I think that was sort of a natural bundling opportunity that was sort of captive business we could go after. Similarly with ViaCord, we've had a number of customers - customers approached us to see whether or not that was something we could do. So we started the business with the understanding that we had sort of some captive business we could go after. But at the same time, we thought that there was an opportunity to go out and get incremental business. And that was some of the things we talked about before is working with pharmaceutical companies and working with the Helixes of the world, et cetera. And we're starting to see that ramp nicely. So I think if you look at our $8 million to $10 million of revenue this year, it could be fairly evenly split between both of those opportunities.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Willoughby: Hi. Good evening. Two questions for you. I guess, first regarding your comments regarding the pharma strength being driven by service and informatics. I just wanted you to provide a little bit more color there on whether that's kind of penetrating the existing customers more, share gains or more Greenfield opportunity?
Rob Friel: So, in the informatics area, I think it was penetrating new customers and a little bit of I mentioned as new products come out with ChemDraw in particular and we saw a nice renewal from existing customers. So it's in the informatics a little bit of both. I would say on the service side, it's probably mostly with existing customers where we continue to expand what we're doing with those customers. But having said that, we do get periodically some nice wins and one in particular we're ramping up in 2018.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And then I think at least one time or two times you made the comment regarding building backlog and just trying to see if there's any more color on that related to your other comments talking about some timing of orders within your more industrial business? And I guess I'll follow on to that as just some of your newer equipment system products, so just wondering if there's any comment on how those are doing out of the gate so far?
Rob Friel: I would say the timing in the backlog was probably more in reference to some of the markets that were a little slower in the quarter, mostly notably the industrial. I would also say food as we talked about is mid single. I think we sort of look at the year, I think, that will be a bit better than that. And then I would say the third area was I mentioned in our core diagnostics business that our applied genomics business was actually down a little bit. I think for the year that's probably going to be high single-digit, double-digit grower. So that's where we saw some pretty good bookings in the first quarter and we think that will build through the year.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. Thanks very much.
Rob Friel: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Rob Friel: Good afternoon.
Brandon Couillard: Quick one for you Andy. In terms of the recent 300 million note offering, you're not paying down any incremental debt with that? Because otherwise I think there would've been some benefit to net interest expense outlook for the year? And secondly the CapEx spike in the first quarter some of that EUROIMMUN timing related and what should we pencil in for the full year?
Andy Wilson: Well, there is two things going on. One is we did pay down the revolver, but it is that the net impact on net interest expense is offset by FX. So there really wasn't much savings. As far as capital was concerned, a little bit of that is timing. We have a couple of fairly big initiatives that we started at beginning this year, I think that will normalize. And some of EUROIMMUN's capital hit in the first quarter, so I think we still feel like that we're going to be within our guidelines on capital for the year, and as a result we still think we can get to 365. So it's really mainly timing.
Brandon Couillard: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Quirk, Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Bill Quirk: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon, everybody. First question just thinking Andy about some of comments you made on EUROIMMUN, European or euro denominated cost base and revenue exposure in China. Have you guys considered at all moving some manufacturing to China not unlike what you're doing with some of the DAS business?
Rob Friel: Yes, absolutely. EUROIMMUN has already been working on that. So they are in the process of finalizing fairly large facilities in Tianjian. And similar to our approach which is to continue to ramp up manufacturing in China and sort of make products in China for China. And so that will probably come online later this year but because with the regulatory approval probably we won't see a lot of revenue from that factory probably until 19. But that's exactly what we're trying to do is to sort of shift some of those euro costs, euro based costs to Chinese yaun base.
Bill Quirk: Okay. Perfect. Thanks, Rob. And secondly and just staying in EUROIMMUN for a moment. You talked about a number of regulatory approvals in the states trying to expand the portfolio here. Can you just help us think a little bit about should we expect a fairly even metering of assays over the coming call it three years or you're trying to push a bolus out here in 2018? So just trying to get a sense both from R&D spend, as well as how should we think about the US franchise growth?
Rob Friel: I think there is initially a little bolus because quite frankly there was a little pent-up demand if you will. And we've been working hard to trying to get those out as quickly as possible. And I think I mentioned we - I think we filed some 18 or so in the last three months. So I don't know that we'll see that type of pace going forward. Having said that, it's a little difficult as you can appreciate sort of determining how they hit the market because we're dependent on the FDA regulatory approval, which seems to be getting better, but we'll just have to wait and see. But clearly there was a much larger amount in the first quarter. But we hope it to be sort of a steady pace, but probably not at the level you saw in the last 90 days.
Bill Quirk: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Leonard, Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. Rob can you update us on your thinking around portfolio pruning. Is there anything we should expect in the scope for 2018?
Rob Friel: I don't think there is going to be anything of significance. We've talked a little bit about pruning some things within DAS and I think we'll continue to look at those. But I don't know that they will be that material. If I had to give you number it could be $50 million it could be $75 million, it could be something like, but its not - I don't know that its going to be significant.
Dan Leonard: Okay. And then secondly on Vanadis, could you comment on what publication waterfall looks like to the balance of the year? Are you expecting further papers and what would the cadence look like?
Rob Friel: I think there is two that are sort of in the works right now that we would hope to see in the next - again this is a little difficult to predict, but probably in the next 60 days or so. And then there is I think - there's a number that we expect to come out sort of latter in the year.
Dan Leonard: Okay.
Rob Friel: So maybe in the course of 2018 we'll see three or four.
Dan Leonard: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. And our next question comes from Jack Meehan, Barclays. Your line is now open.
Mitch Petersen: Thanks. This is actually Mitch Petersen on for Jack this afternoon. On the newborn screening business, could you just elaborate on what you're seeing in terms of birth rates and then [how tax] utilization is trying to influence the EM regions?
Rob Friel: So, first of all well say the newborn business continue to do pretty well, but it's not because of birth rates. It's because, we continue to make either expansion of menus or expansion of penetration. If you look in the US, I think birth rates are probably trending down a point to 1.5 points. And if you look in China for 17 they were down, we would say sort of three, in fact, you may have seen the article in the journal today and there was a recent article in The Economist that talked about the challenge that China has right now with their growth targets as their birth rates have sort of been suppressed here a little bit. So that's something that, obviously, is a bigger issue than just newborn screening. So it's not been driven - sort of the growth in the newborn business right now is not being driven by birth rate globally, but like I said on the other aspect of it.
Mitch Petersen: Helpful. And then I'm talking M&A, could you just elaborate on some of the areas where you potentially like to add to the portfolio? Thanks.
Rob Friel: I would go back and reinforce here is that we've talked about this sort of strategic priorities for growth. So when we look across at the diagnostic businesses continuing to build out our capabilities in emerging markets, it's obviously something that's interesting to us. I think our applied genomics area is an area where we think there is a significant opportunity to spend our capabilities. I would sort of spite those two out in the DAS area clearly in the pharma services area where I think we built a nice portfolio. Food, we believe is very attractive and combined with the fact that it's fairly fragmented industry, I think provides a lot of opportunity for us. And I would say in the analytical instrument area anything that can sort of build out our consumable, revenue would be something we would be very interested.
Mitch Petersen: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Rob Friel for any further remarks.
Rob Friel: So first of all I appreciate and thanks for all your questions. And so in closing let me just reinforce that we're all excited about the opportunities moving ahead and confident in the terrific team of employees around the world who are committed to not only driving our mission, but creating even greater value for our shareholders. So thank you for your interest in PerkinElmer and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2017 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays conference maybe recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Tommy Thomas: Thank you, Chelsea. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings conference call. With me in the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until February 8, 2018. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon, and also, those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change, so you should not rely on any of todays forward-looking statements as representing our view as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, well provide reconciliations promptly. Im now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Rob Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. Im pleased to report that PerkinElmer had a very strong finish to 2017, delivering significant revenue growth and beating both the top and bottom line of our previous guidance. Our revenue for the quarter were the $642 million representing reported growth of 13% and organic growth excluding the impact of EUROIMMUN of 6%, which was well balanced across both our diagnostics and discovering analytical solutions for DAS business. On the bottom line, our adjusted earnings per share was $0.97, however on a diluted share basis, which is a more appropriate comparison. Our adjusted EPS was $0.96 representing growth of 16% compared to the fourth quarter of 2016. The EUROIMMUN acquisition, which we completed on December 19 contributed $13 million or approximately 2% to our fourth quarter revenue. However the operating income generated by EUROIMMUN during this tough period was offset by an increase in incentive compensation related to the closing of the transaction. This increased compensation charge negatively impacted our adjusted operating margins by about 60 basis points, rezoning in a modest fourth quarter increase and our adjusted operating margins to 21.4%. Excluding this charge operating margins would have expanded by about 70 basis points. Looking at our full year financial performance, we grew reported revenue by 7% and organic revenue by 4%. Adjusted earnings per share increased by 12% to $2.90 and our adjusted operating margins expanded by 30 basis points to 18.9%. Reflecting on last year, I am very pleased not only with our financial performance, but also our success in expanding the scale and scope of the company further positioning us to accelerate long-term growth while making an even greater impact on global health. While Andy will discuss our fourth quarter financial results and 2018 guidance in more detail. I want to mention some of the progress we have made recently in improving the growth and competitive strength of our portfolio. Starting first with diagnostics, during 2017, we expanded the extent and reach of our capabilities to enable earlier treatments and better outcomes, both in terms of number of busy state covered and geography served. The sale of our medical imaging business and the acquisition of EUROIMMUN have increased our age and mix expanded our technical capabilities and positioned us in more attractive markets. We couldnt be more enthusiastic about our combined future with EUROIMMUN, which as autoimmune and allergy testing to our portfolio as well as additional infectious disease testing capabilities. The company has extensive expertise and skill across immunology, cell biology, histology, biochemistry and molecular biology. And its a terrific strategic fit for PerkinElmer bringing synergistic end markets and core technologies and commercial capabilities. This combination enables expansion into nearby adjacencies within several of our markets. While increasing PerkinElmers ability to continue to enhance our already extensive menu and develop more complete solutions for our customers. EUROIMMUNs technologies and platforms fulfill gaps in our existing product lines, broaden our offerings and drive synergies and also expand PerkinElmers geographic reach. The addition of EUROIMMUN and Tulip Diagnostics in the last year has increased our headcount in diagnostics by more than 3,000 employees significantly bolstering our R&D sales and clinical capabilities. More specifically our presence in the emerging markets of China and India has more than double. Projected population growth rates currently estimate that over 40% of the world population will soon be in China and India. However out of the 65 billion global market for diagnostic testing today China and India collectively represent less than 10%. We, therefore, believe we have a significant opportunity as these countries invest in the necessary infrastructure to support their growing, aging and increasing health, populations as our Chinese and Indian diagnostic capabilities provide terrific assets to leverage and benefit from this important trend. In reproductive health during 2017, we increased our screen menu launch the QSight our Triple Quad Mass Spec instrument, expanded in the newborn confirmatory testing through the establishment of our genetic testing business and we will soon be entering the non-invasive prenatal screening market with are Vanadis offering. With Vanadis, PerkinElmer uses proprietary molecular technology that eliminates the need for expensive sequencing and PCR and instead relies on high precision digital quantification. The Vanadis solution is cost effective and simple use and delivers high sensitivity rezoning in a solution that we believe will make NIPT available to all women and ultimately its standard of care. During 2017, Vanadis product development progressed as planned and research units replaced with external institutions to support regulatory submissions. We continue to expect the system will be ready for commercialization in the second quarter of this year. And area of genomics, we launched our whole genome sequencing service business focused on inherited and rare diseases, which will include a unique comprehensive end-to-end solution offering comprised of sample collection, assay development, biochemical and sequencing testing services. Additionally leverage our in-house suite of products even as a competitive advantage. As a first lab to launch whole genome sequencing with a complimentary biochemical test, we expect collaborations both on the new born screening side and within rare disease testing to ramp up quickly. Turning to our DAS business, 2017 was focused on finalizing the organizational changes associated with the combination of our environment on life sciences businesses and harmonizing operating in governance practices across all functions and geographies. In addition as part of a strategic review of the DAS portfolio of businesses, we identify four key areas of focus. These being food analysis, life sciences imaging to facilitate the discovery and development and more effective therapeutics, addressing environmental issues and improving productivity in our customers labs to the deployment of our enterprise service and software. In addition to being strategically placed in these areas are well strategic place and having differentiated capabilities, these market opportunities to provide strong growth as they are fueled by overarching macro trends. With regard to food analysis over the last couple of years, weve built strong capabilities around the three key tenants of food analysis, which are chemical and biological aspects of safety as well as food quality. During 2017, we continue to add capabilities by applying a small food company and introduced our previously mentioned QSight Triple Quad Mass Spec, which targets the identification of pesticides. These added capabilities further strengthen our offerings to large food testing laboratories, which require diverse method analysis. In area of service, the pharmaceutical industry is currently spending well in excess of $100 billion a year on R&D. Developing drugs introducing new medicines is becoming even more difficult as the industry continues to undergo changes in technology and competitive pressures amount. As the taste of life science research accelerates laboratory space heavy demands to produce timely at results with efficiency and cost savings. The solution is the digital transformation of the lab, which has been shown to enable a 20% savings in R&D cost. During 2017, we continue to build our capabilities and service in software as our customers in the form of biotech markets continue to seek services and software platforms to improve be efficiencies of their scientific workflows by supporting a flexible and secure collaboration environment. We also continue to win large enterprise programs as we are uniquely positioned to address their needs into the strength of our service capabilities as well as our informatics and data analysis competencies. By utilizing our informatics capabilities to more closely integrate workflow solutions and high value scientific applications, we can increase the overall productivity, not only our instruments, but also scientists and entire laboratories. And as we control more of the workflow of the lab, we can better tailor our instruments to optimize how their functionality works within each customers lab. Finally in the environmental analysis area, by refreshing our inorganic product offerings last year, we expanded the breath and performance of our detection capabilities and when combined with our extensive application knowledge, we are now in an excellent position to benefit from the increasing investments required to help ensure the global safety of drinking water. Particularly important in emerging markets is cost and functionality. And our new NexION 1000 is a good example of our product design specifically for these markets. Another important component of our strategy is to introduce innovative new products into the market. Further helping our customers solve some of their most difficult problems. In that regard, I was pleased with our progress in 2017 as we delivered $66 million of incremental revenue for new products, exceeding our goal of $50 million and creating strong momentum heading into this year. Furthermore, with the addition of EUROIMMUN, the total amount well be spending on R&D, we increased 30% in 2018 over 2017 and we will represent 8.7% of our product revenue. Im optimistic that in addition to providing the enhanced scientific and technical skills I mentioned previously. The EUROIMMUN culture of introducing successful innovation rapidly into the market will help improve our processes and capabilities in this important area. While we focus on accelerating the topline, we are also continuously improving operational execution. As not only underpins our ability to gain share and win new business, but also contributes profitability. Last year for example, we adopted lean methods across more of our operations and geographically align several sites with the locations of our customers. Through initiatives like these, we can continue to strengthen our operational foundation, which will benefit our margins over the next several years. We expect over the next three years, we will see significant gross margin expansion and remain on track to achieve operating margins of 22% by the year 2020. So let me wrap up 2017 by summarizing it, as the year which we elevated PerkinElmers technological, operational and organizational capabilities. We have entered 2018 with an improved portfolio, wider reach and even more capable organization. And combined with a macro economic environment that is quite favorable across both geographic and commercial end markets, we are confident in forecasting an acceleration of both our top and bottom line growth rates for 2018. Looking ahead to our financial guidance for 2018, we are forecasting reported revenue growth of approximately 20% to a range of $2.72 billion to $2.74 billion. This is comprised of our base business growing organically at 4% to 5% and EUROIMMUN revenue of approximately $360 million, representing growth of 13% to 15%, which should add approximately an additional 100 basis points, the PerkinElmers organic growth. We anticipate expanding operating margins by 70 basis points to 90 basis points this year, which will produce adjusted earnings per share of approximately $3.50, representing a 21% increase over 2017. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. Consistent with previous quarters, Ill provide some additional color on our end markets, a financial summary of the fourth quarter 2017 results, as well as details around our guidance for the first quarter and full year of 2018. To start off, we were pleased with a strong finish to 2017, as adjusted revenues grew 13% to $642 million. Foreign exchange represented a tailwind of approximately 300 basis points, with acquisitions adding approximately 400 basis points resulting in organic growth of 6%, which excludes any impact of organic growth from the EUROIMMUN stub period. By business segment, Diagnostics represented approximately 30% of total revenues, with organic growth excluding EUROIMMUN of approximately 6% for the fourth quarter, driven by solid demand for our reproductive health and applied genomics offerings. Discovery and analytical solutions represented 70% of total sales and grew approximately 6.5% organically in the fourth quarter, highlighted by year of successful new product introductions and an improving macro environment. Ill provide some additional color on both businesses in a moment. We experience healthy growth across all major geographies with low teens organic revenue growth in Europe, high single-digit organic revenue growth in Asia, and low single-digit organic revenue growth in the Americas. In the BRIC regions, we continue to experience strong and broad-based organic revenue growth driven by a solid recovery in Brazil and continued double-digit organic revenue growth in China. Looking at our operating results for the period, the fourth quarter was particularly complex given the impact of tax reform, the upcoming change in accounting for pension income as well as the consolidation of the EUROIMMUN financials some others. Ill attempt to clarify the impact of these changes in my prepared remarks, but you have additional questions, Tom and Ill be available after today to provide any further details you might need. In addition, the reconciliation schedules on our website that may be helpful in that regard. As Rob discussed earlier, fourth quarter adjusted operating margins were 21.4% driven by continued leverage from G&A, but were partially offset by incremental expenses related to the EUROIMMUN transaction. Excluding this charge, operating margins would have expanded by approximately 70 basis points. Adjusted basic earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2017 was $0.97, while adjusted earnings per share using fully diluted shares outstanding was $0.96. As a reminder, the GAAP loss created by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which resulted in the charge of approximately $106 million in the fourth quarter, required the use of basic share count in the adjusted earnings per share calculation. Fourth quarter 2017 adjusted earnings per share increased approximately 17%, in spite of 15% increase in R&D investments in the quarter, which we believe will support an acceleration of new product introductions in 2018 and beyond. Looking further, the key drivers within our business segments for the fourth quarter, lets start with Diagnostics. Revenues results were in line with our expectations, driven by strength in our reproductive health franchise, specifically newborn and prenatal screening principally in Europe and Asia. Tulip, our Indian diagnostics business had a very successful year under PerkinElmer ownership with revenue growth in the fourth quarter of 2017 growing double-digits, driven by rapid test for communicable diseases and profitability exceeding both their forecast and the deal model. We continued to be encouraged by the opportunities within the Indian in vitro diagnostics market and we believe we are well positioned to further penetrate the region with our Made in India, For India strategy collaborating with EUROIMMUN in 2018 and beyond. As Rob mentioned, we have ramped R&D spending in 2016 and 2017, and a diagnostics business to bring Vanadis Smart NIPT and Triple Quad mass spec instrument to the market. We successfully launched this new mass spec at the recent Association of Public Health Labs and we now look forward to Vanadis commercial launch in 2018. We are pleased to report that this novel screening tool for newborns has been well received as evidenced by a number of early adopters. In addition, Vanadis units have been installed at early launch sites with training, clinical sample validation and daily collection for CE mark submission activities remaining on track. As we recall, we close EUROIMMUN transaction on December 19, which resulted in the recognition of approximately $30 million of revenues for the stub period driven by robust demand in Asia. Switching to our discovery and analytical solutions business, fourth quarter results exceeded expectations driven by very strong demand for our environmental and food offerings, as well as stronger-than-forecasted pharma/biotech product and services. Industry organic revenues grew low single-digit and academic end market revenues decline low single-digit, primarily on a tough comparison in the prior period, but both are expected to improve with our new imaging product introductions slated for the first half of 2018. Looking to key drivers of growth, our new ICP-OES and our ICP-MS instrumentation targeting food and environmental applications, high content screening, cellular analysis and our OneSource services franchise focused on pharma biotech with the primary contributors to our performance in the quarter. Switching to below the line items, adjusted net interest and other expense for the fourth quarter was approximately $10 million and our full year adjusted tax rate was approximately 17%, slightly below our January guidance. Turning to the balance sheet, as announced we closed the EUROIMMUN transaction late in the fourth quarter and finished the year with approximately $2 billion of debt and $202 million of cash. Our reported basis, we exit the quarter with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of approximately 3.7 times. Turning to our cash flow performance, full year operating cash flow from continuing operations was approximately $292 million, which includes $17 million of EUROIMMUN deal related cost and prepaid royalties. Working capital deals were higher than as we look ahead forecasted, but as we look ahead we continue to believe that we will efficiently manage our working capital requirements under our strong operating cash flow in 2018. To wrap up 2017, were pleased with our performance as evidenced by the successful launch of a number of new products during the year, resulting in solid organic revenue growth, good traction on our lean initiatives and a successful year of M&A, including the divestiture of the Medical Imaging business and the closing of the EUROIMMUN transaction. All of this leading to adjusted earnings per share growth from continuing operations of approximately 12%. Looking ahead to 2018, we believe that we are better positioned to deliver on our corporate mission, while accelerating organic revenue growth and providing strong financial results for our shareholders. For the full year 2018, we expect reported revenue to be in a range of $2.72 billion to $2.74 billion, representing 5% to 6% organic revenue growth on a pro forma basis, which includes approximately $25 million in foreign exchange tailwinds and approximately $360 million reported revenue from EUROIMMUN. Organic growth from the base business is expected to be 4% to 5% and as Rob mentioned the impact of EUROIMMUN adding just north of 100 basis points. Organic revenue growth guidance assumes 9%, organic revenue growth in diagnostics 4%, revenue growth in DAS driven by stable pharma biotech, improved academic and industrial with food and environmental end markets accelerating on strong 2017 comparison. Geographically, we expect mid single-digit organic revenue growth in the Americas and Europe with mid to high single-digit organic revenue growth in Asia. Full year adjusted earnings per share is expected to be $3.50, which represents approximately 21%, adjusted earnings per share growth and includes approximately $0.28 to $0.30 an accretion from EUROIMMUN, which is consistent with our initial expectations. Implicit in this guidance range is adjusted gross margin expansion of approximately 150 basis points and increase in G&A of approximately 30 basis points and an increase in R&D of approximately 40 basis points. Note that a driver of higher gross margin and operating expenses, a result of the addition of EUROIMMUN. As a result, our guidance assumes adjusted operating margin expansion of approximately 70 to 90 basis points. Our full year guidance assumes net interest expense and other of approximately $60 million, which incorporates the financing cost related to the EUROIMMUN transaction of approximately $45 million. The EUROIMMUN financing assumptions are currently comprised of approximately $820 million of borrowing from our bank revolver. Weighted average share account is expected to be approximately 111 million shares and in terms of our tax rate, were forecasting our full year effective tax rate to be approximately 18.5%. Our current assumptions are the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act all in will modestly increase our effective U.S. tax rate approximately 50 basis points and we expect our overall effective rate be further impacted by the mix of profits and higher tax jurisdictions principally driven by the addition of EUROIMMUN. For the first quarter of 2018, were forecasting reported revenues to be approximately $615 million, which represents mid single digit organic revenue growth. Note, that EUROIMMUNs first quarter is seasonally the lowest quarter of the year for both revenue and profit. So in terms of adjusted earnings per share guidance we will see no impact from EUROIMMUN in the first quarter due to this seasonality as well as the impact of incremental interest expense related to the deal. As a result were forecasting adjusted earnings per share for the first quarter to be in the range of $0.59 to $0.61. This concludes my prepared remarks. Chelsea, at this time, we like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Dan Arias with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Dan Arias: Hey guys thanks. Rob nice step up for DAS this quarter. How should we think about 2018 growth in that segment in the context just the 4Q number but also some of the organizational disruptions that seem like theyre behind you at this point. Do you feel like DAS can be above 4% this year, just given the upward trend and the state of the end markets?
Rob Friel: Yes. Were forecasting 4% is sort of mentioned previous year or Andy mentioned too. Is there a possibility we can do better than that? I think so. Were seeing good trends in pharma as you pointed out. We continue to get good traction in our service business and food was very strong for us. So I think the key for fourth quarter and will be for 2018 the businesses that have been sort of our growth businesses that we focus on have continue to do well and are growing sort of high single low-double. The challenge in the first couple of quarters of the year was that the core  our core businesses were sort of flat low single-digit. What we saw in the fourth quarter was that the core businesses actually recovered in sort of mid single digits. If we continue to see that in the 2018 timeframe, I think DAS will do better than 4%.
Dan Arias: Okay. And then maybe on EUROIMMUN what was the revenue growth there for the quarter? And then on the margin you guys have talked about the ability to get that business to the DX average. So I guess how long before you think that business starts to give some loft to the overall corporate margin. I mean, I guess what are the investment needs that you see at this point and then when should we look for a profitability there to start contributing? Thanks.
Rob Friel: So EUROIMMUN continue to see strong growth in the fourth quarter  the entire year of 2017 and we sort of commented before. They continue to grow sort of at the high teen growth rate and its fairly broad based among the three businesses whether its autoimmune, allergy and infectious disease they all experience good growth. So were excited to see that. With regard to the operating margins of EUROIMMUN I think our approach right now is as we continue to see the volume ramp, we expect the margins to go up there. But for the immediate timeframe or at least for the short-term I think well see that ramp maybe 100 basis points a year or something like that. So I dont know that weve got huge expectations at least for the next couple of years to see significant ramping up of EUROIMMUN margins.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi, thanks very much for taking the questions here. Rob, exiting the year youre understandably really happy with some of the changes that youve made in terms of business divestitures and additions. I wonder if youd give us an update for your thinking on any future changes to the business mix. At times it seems like we picked up a sense that you were looking to make further changes maybe not as big as imaging our EUROIMMUN. How is the beginner evolving?
Rob Friel: Okay. First of all when we look at diagnostics the focus there has been sort of expanding our impact there. So I think I wouldnt expect to see much on the divestiture side there on the diagnostic business, we just look to continue to sort of add our ability to impact by geographic region and the state. And I sort of alluded to that in my comment. I think in the DAS business again the majority of our focus is on how do we invest more in the growth areas. Because I think thats really how ultimately we make that a better business. Having said that during the year could we see some product lines being shut I think we could but I wouldnt say there are significant dollar amounts. But again I would say the majority of the focus on DAS is how do we make that business execute better. And then the second thing is focus on the areas where we have the most significant growth opportunities. But you should  you could see some, but I wouldnt say its a significant number.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay. I appreciate it. And then just a couple of follow ups for clarification. One, Andy on gross margins any timing items in the COGS line in the quarter that we should think about that might have impacted the progression there. And then Rob on EUROIMMUN really strong year for EUROIMMUN in 2017 relative to the guidance for EUROIMMUN growth in 2018. I wonder if you could just give us a sense for what takes the growth from the 2017 rate to the 2018 rate. And then Ill drop. Thanks so much.
Rob Friel: Ill answer that and Andy can handle the gross margin. I think  we think its prudent given the amount of potential disruption of a business that has been sort of privately run for over 30 years. And weve talked about before our goal is going to be to sort of do as little disruption is possible. We just think at this point as we sort of better understand the business that to take it down from call it 18% to something in the sort of 13% or 15% is prudent. Having said that I dont know that there is anything either market or competitive wise that would suggest that were necessarily going to see a deceleration in growth but we just think for purposes of forecasting 2018  we should lower the growth rate by a couple 100 basis points again just to be prudent.
Andy Wilson: And Steve to answer your question on gross margin there wasnt really anything similar in the period. What we have seen throughout 2017 was a bit of a mix shift into services, which obviously have an impact on gross margins. And in the mix we saw a strong growth within DAS which has lower margins than diagnostics and that also contributed to the margin performance. Although, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we think that as we move into 2018 we should be able to expand those gross margins at least 150 basis points. So I think we feel like were very situating go into 2018.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. I just wondering on the channel side if you can talk a little bit about the U.S. commercial side for EUROIMMUN where you are in that build out?
Rob Friel: So weve been working with them we actually had a meeting earlier this week between the U.S. sales force and EUROIMMUN and PerkinElmer sales force. I think weve got a very good plan mapped out from the standpoint of educating both sales forces on each others products. I think weve got a good plan with regard to the specific customers that will target. Weve actually got incentive plans in place for each company to sort of provide leads on for each other products and we start to put in the regulatory resources required to accelerate. Hopefully accelerate EUROIMMUNs regulatory approvals of some of their products. So I think weve got a very good  hopefully accelerate the growth rate of EUROIMMUN in U.S. over the next couple of months or quarters.
Tycho Peterson: And then I guess, if we think about the long-term guidance you gave back at the conference in January or updated to get diagnostics into the double digit territory are there kind of levers you can point too I mean obviously you are guiding to 9% here in the near-term so not that far off.
Rob Friel: No. I think, if we get EUROIMMUN  when we talked about the previous discussion weve got that its sort of 13% to 15% this year if that continues to get in the high teens  as we start to get some of the traction with Vanadis, we get into 19% and 20%, weve seen initial good response on the genetic testing business. And of course, what were finding is increasing synergies between EUROIMMUN and tool as we look to penetrate some of the emerging areas. I mean theres a number of levers that we feel like we should be able to get up into double digits from the diagnostic business.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey thanks. I appreciate the color on Vanadis and launch timing there in 2Q. Im just curious, I know you guys always can include a new product to bucket in terms of revenue for the year ahead. What kind of revenue expectations are baked into Vanadis specifically for 2018.
Rob Friel: Its fairly low, I would say because the timing of the tenders our expectations for Vanadis for 2018 at least in our plan is less than $10 million.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. Thats helpful. And that on the genetic testing business, I know its early days there. But maybe just give us an update on expectations on revenue opportunity there and then also I know you talked about partnerships in newborn screening and rare disease testing how should we expect those restructure and news flow on that as well.
Rob Friel: So I think in genetic testing, well sort of see that ramp to probably  again $5 million to $10 million business in 2018. And then by 2020 weve been saying that we think we can get up to closer to $50 million business particularly as we start to branch that out globally. Up to this point its largely been a U.S. business but our intentions are to move this out into India and China and some other areas as well, so call it maybe $10 million next year but $50 million by 2020.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Ross Muken: Good afternoon guys and congrats.
Rob Friel: Welcome back.
Ross Muken: Thank you. Good to be talking to you guys. So maybe  could you talk China for a moment obviously an increasingly important part of your business? So help us understand how youre thinking both on the industrial and environmental side sort of the cadence and the comps through next year, you could see it show strong double-digit growth there. And then as youve got now the better understands are in the diagnostic market sort of how well that kind of business correlates overall with the economy versus sort of just  the secular trend there in terms of some of the places where EUROIMMUN obviously has great strength.
Rob Friel: So first of all China continue to be strong for us in the fourth quarter. I think it was sort of mid-teens, give or take. And I think as we think about going into 2018 right now, I would say were forecasting in sort of the high-single low-double digit again mainly context of being low prudent year particularly on the EUROIMMUN side. EUROIMMUN has continued to see very strong growth in China. I would say when you look at our businesses, the diagnostic business has also done well particularly in the newborn and prenatal side. The one area where weve seen a little bit of a challenge has been in some of the tenders, the local content is becoming increasingly more important, in fact there are some tenders on the newborn side where we havent been able to bid on. And so probably its been 18 months now. Weve been sort of aggressively moving our manufacturing of some of our assays, some of our instruments into China on the diagnostic sides. And of course some of that requires regulatory approval, so I would say I continue to be fairly bullish on the diagnostic side within China, but weve got to be able to make sure that our businesses and this is mostly on the reproductive health side are able to meet the local content requirement. When I go to sort of non-diagnostic at the DAS side, I think we continue to be enthused with the opportunities there whether its the environmental, whether its the pharmaceutical side. And I think weve seen some recovery on the industrial market if you sort of alluded to. So I think  and I think some of the benefits were seeing is that were trying to increasingly make sure that our products are designed and manufactured for those markets specifically. So whether its the functionality or whether its the cost position and I think were seeing good traction there.
Unidentified Analyst: Thats helpful. Maybe Andy just two clarification, so one, on the diagnostic core growth for next year at 9%. I just want to understand the component of that coming from EUROIMMUN seems like I guess youre counting the incremental core growth in that business in that calc. Just want to be sure of that. And then secondarily in terms of the Q1 seasonality it implies pretty good revenue sort of shift from what you would think the normal quarterly cadence is. So is it to assume that that sort of balance back to the fourth quarter or how exactly is that sort of seasonality I guess going to play out?
Andy Wilson: Yes. The anomaly  Ill answer the second question first and then Ill answer your first question second. The anomaly is really just the first quarter. So youll see, weve talked about the growth for the year and the first quarter as we said is seasonally low, Q2, Q3 and Q4 are fairly consistent with the fourth quarter being slightly higher than the second and third. So thats the rate its been historically and thats the way were planning to 2018. The split within the 9% is about 2.5 percentage points related to EUROIMMUN and in the core business is growing at about 6.5%.
Rob Friel: Yes. Maybe said little differently the way to think the growth rate by quarter doesnt necessarily very much. So our assumption is the 13% to 15% is fairly consistent through the four quarters. The difference is the absolute number historically is low in the first quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Steve Willoughby: Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my questions. Ive a couple of them. One just on new products, Rob I think you said the new products contributed $56  sorry, $66 million this year. I believe last quarter you said it was $56 million and finally about $10 million in revenue from new products are in the fourth quarter, just wondering if theres anything to that. And then just Andy on the incentive comp charge that with headwind to your margins, since it was related to an acquisition why wasnt that called out as a one-time item here.
Rob Friel: So Ill take the first one, so yes, $66 million is the total for the year and we were I think through the first three quarters youre right, were sort of tracking to the low 50s. It just was a mix of revenue that we saw in the fourth quarter sort of less attributable to new products. And then I would say going into 2018, although you didnt ask, we think $50 million is probably a good number as well. Now that would exclude EUROIMMUN. I would say at this point I dont know that weve got good visibility in the split in the revenue growth between new products and sort of existing products, but we think we can do at least another $50 million next year as well.
Andy Wilson: And then as far as your question related to the compensation, we typically do not breakout compensation. This is a part of our longer-term compensation plan, what you can find in our proxy. So its something thats been around and we felt like that it was really a part of the operating results and really didnt need to be broken out in the box.
Steve Willoughby: Okay, makes sense. Thanks
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: Good afternoon. My first question is on capital deployment, now that youve closed EUROIMMUN. Can you give us an update on your capital deployment plans I guess near-term and long-term, specifically Im curious about your ability to go out there and do more M&A. Im curious about how you are thinking about potentially changing your thoughts on share repurchases. And Im also curious about whether you have the portfolio, you need to have in place as we sit here today to achieve high-single digit organic revenue growth in 2020 consistent with the recent comments you made Rob.
Rob Friel: So I would say first of all, I dont know that the strategy behind our capital deployment has changed, because of the EUROIMMUN acquisition. I think the preference would still be first acquisitions, bolt-on acquisitions in particular that sort of add capabilities either technological or others, then probably the second most area would be if share repurchased. And in probably third would be to continue to sort of reduce our debt to a level below lets say two times EBITDA. If you look at the leverage we took on relative to the EUROIMMUN acquisition, we believe with the combination of the EBITDA growth and the cash we generate that we could delever relatively quickly. So the answer to your question relative to acquisitions we continue to have a fairly robust pipeline. We continue to sort of look at a lot of potential opportunity to buy things. I would say the only difference is probably in the short-term. I would say doing a large deal that I would say sort of north of $1 billion is unlikely, not impossible but unlikely. But I think we feel we can continue to do $100 million, $200 million, $300 million deals even the cash flow we generate. And like I said we believe we have the ability to delever relatively quickly. With regard to the second part of the question is to we have the portfolio currently to get the high-single digits for PerkinElmer. And I think so as we continue to migrate the portfolio organically and I think if you look at a couple years diagnostics will be a bigger component. I think the service component of DAS will be bigger. I think the food component of DAS will be bigger. And as I mentioned before maybe we will get out of a couple product line. But if we can add lets say a $200 million of incremental profits in high growth areas, I think that would be helpful. But I dont feel like we need to do a major transformational deal between now and 2020 to get the high-single digits. As weve spike that into past, we talk about 50% of our business has historically been growing close to 10%. So the idea is to continue invest in those areas make them bigger and we can get the high-single digit growth organically.
Andy Wilson: Okay. And one other thing I wanted to cover was just FX, foreign exchange, in the context of guidance. I guess, Andy, what rates are you using in your  what rates are you using for FX in your guidance calculations? And then more specifically, to EUROIMMUN, I believe EUROIMMUN has a pretty significant cost base in euros. How are you accounting for the weakening dollar in the context of guidance?
Andy Wilson: Where we  this has been our consistent long as Ive been here, but we use the ending rate from the previous quarter. And so going into this year, we used $1.18 rate, which obviously, the euro has strengthened dramatically. Well obviously provide an update each quarter as we true that up. But we typically use that rate at the end of the previous quarter to establish our guidance for the next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Hi, thanks, good afternoon. I was hoping you could provide a little  could you provide a little  greater granularity just on the performance within DAS? I caught low singles in industrial and a decline client academic, but how did OneSource and the other end markets do within there?
Rob Friel: And is that with regard to Q4?
Jack Meehan: Correct, yes.
Rob Friel: Yes, okay. So if you look at pharma and the biotech areas, that was sort of a low double, actually, for us. So it was a nice step up. We were very pleased to see that. Food was high single. Environmental was actually sort of low double digits as well. Industrial was up high single. And the only one we saw a little bit of decline on was academic and government, which again, isnt a big business for us, was down low single digits.
Andy Wilson: Jack, on pharma and bio, the nice thing we saw here has typically been driven a lot by service. But we did see some pick up in product in the fourth quarter, which was encouraging.
Rob Friel: Yes, it was more evenly balanced between product and service than historically weve seen.
Jack Meehan: Great. And maybe just on industrial itself, we continue to see really rosy macroeconomic picture. Im curious what youre seeing and what the outlook for 2018 is there, too. Thanks.
Rob Friel: Yes. I would say, for us when we look at the fourth quarter on our industrial side, we saw pretty good growth in the Americas and Europe. APAC was a little challenged. But I think, to a large extent, that was a difficult comparison year-over-year. So I think we support the view that the industrial market continue to be constructive. And I think as we project it into 2018, thats the view that we continue to believe is the appropriate one.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Knight with Janney Montgomery Scott. Your line is open.
Paul Knight: Hey, congratulations on the quarter.
Rob Friel: Thanks, Paul.
Paul Knight: Rob, could you frame up the size of China, specifically, percent of revenue? And then my read is that this is a pretty big platform. Do you think you can get half of your incremental growth out of that market as you kind of frame up your thoughts on the platform and the opportunities you have there?
Rob Friel: So China, actually, with EUROIMMUN right now, will take us through to over $600 million in revenue for PerkinElmer. So against a 2018 forecast of $2.7 billion, its almost between 20% and 25% of our revenue. So its increasingly becoming a more important part of us. To some extent, as I sort of alluded to on the diagnostics discussion earlier, I mean, that was part of our strategy. When you look at 40% of the population between China and India and 10% of the diagnostics spending, we do think thats an area where youre going to see disproportionate spending, so we like that aspect of it. Clearly, when you look at environmental and food, even on the pharmaceutical side, I think those are other areas that have been identified as key areas of investment by the government. So we continue to feel very good. We continue to invest there, whether its in people, whether its in manufacturing capability, whether its increasing our R&D. But  so we continue to be fairly bullish on the Chinese area now. I sort of alluded to before that probably relative to the growth weve seen historically, that may come down a little bit. But I think to some extent, were just getting such a large business there that I think were planning in the low double-digit growth in China, but I think thats the realistic and prudent approach.
Paul Knight: And then lastly, Rob, on DAS, what do you want to do by 2020? Where do you want to go today on reagents and service in the future? What are your thoughts on  can you  will you do something to move the cyclicality down a bit in DAS?
Rob Friel: Yes, absolutely. I mean, I think thats an important part of the strategy in DAS is to continue to expand our consumable portion of the business, and then also continuing to use service that hopefully pull through more product. But the other aspect of service is continue to expand the types of services we provide. And then we also believe, when we get to maybe the 2020 time frame, again as our customers look to change the way they deploy technology that we make it into a situation where increasing more and more customers are looking to technology partners to provide measurements and outcomes as compared to product. And I think well be in a very good position to do that. But the answer to your question is yes, absolutely. We want to try and improve the service software and consumable portion of the business that not only reduces or dampens down the cyclicality, as you point out, but also should translate into higher margins.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good afternoon.
Rob Friel: Good afternoon.
Andy Wilson: Good afternoon.
Derik De Bruin: So two questions. One is a tax question. So youve had some pretty good benefit from the stock-based comp changes this year. I guess, could you talk about what was the fourth quarter benefit and sort of like the headwind that creates for 2018? Im also just curious on your comments on your comments on tax reforming up. I thought you wouldve been flattish. It sounds like its going up a little bit. Could you sort of walk through the moving parts on that one? And then the follow-ups going to be, could you talk about any real budget flush in the fourth quarter?
Andy Wilson: All right, Ill start. We havent seen a real significant impact on our tax rate from the comp piece. As we went into the year and started looking in 2018, we went through and determined that, as I mentioned on my  in my prepared remarks, we think that the changes coming up next year will be a modest headwind, and the real impact to our tax rate from 2017 to 2018 will be the mix in domicile profits which is primarily due to EUROIMMUN. So we said 18.5%, and thats really  what the majority of that is a slight headwind on the Tax Act and a bigger headwind on the domicile profits.
Rob Friel: Derik, maybe to sort of help clarify that is we have call it 35%, 40% of our revenue in the U.S. We have less than 15% of our profit in the U.S.
Derik De Bruin: Got it.
Rob Friel: And part of that was purposeful, right. So if you go back and think about 35% tax rate in the U.S. was  has been sort of publicized quite often as one of the highest in the developed world is you purposefully want to put a lot of your expenses there. So we had, like I said, less than 15% of our income in the U.S., at least from a tax perspective. And so therefore, the rate-down from 35% to 21% did not have that significant of an impact. And then some of the other provisions that are in the tax law are sort of slightly offsetting the impact of the lower rate.
Derik De Bruin: Okay, thats really helpful. And budget flush?
Rob Friel: I think when you look at pharma product, again, up high single digits. The sense was there probably was some. Its hard for us to tell right now. I would tell you that while we saw strong bookings in the end of the fourth quarter theyve continued to some extent in January. But it did appear at least when we look at the numbers that clearly we saw a ramp up in orders and sales in the December timeframe. So my sense is that there was some budget flush.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Rob Friel: Good afternoon.
Brandon Couillard: Just one cash flow question for you. In the fourth quarter were there any one-timers related to the EUROIMMUN closing that depressed operating cash flow in the fourth quarter? And then what do you penciling in for free cash flow conversion?
Andy Wilson: Thats true, we had about $10 million expenses related to the deal cost on the EUROIMMUN transaction, which hit  all hit in the fourth quarter that were accrued pay. In addition, as we go into  Im sorry, one of the thing is we also have prepaid royalties that come up every so often and there was about $7 million prepaid royalty that we made in December as well, so both of those obviously had a dampening effect on the cash flow. As we go into 2018 we continue to  try to target one-time adjusted net income for our free cash flow target. If you look at 2017, we had a working capital use of about $20 million and we hope to see that as a source going into next year. So we feel like we have a real opportunity on receivables and inventory to drive that. And were still kind of calculating what we think the impact of cash flow is at EUROIMMUN. But we still are going to shoot for the between 95% and 100% of adjusted net income.
Brandon Couillard: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Bill Quirk: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon everybody.
Rob Friel: Good afternoon.
Bill Quirk: A couple of questions. Rob, first off, can you just remind us of Vanadis menu. Will this cover anything beyond the three principal trisomies like microdeletions or anything like that?
Rob Friel: So initially, we were going to come out particularly focused on, I would say, a limited menu from the standpoint of the trisomies and then the sex chromosomes. So 13, 18, 21 and X and Y. Now we do think down the road we might be able to sort of expand upon that, but initially, thats the focus.
Bill Quirk: Okay, got it. And then just a follow-up to that, are there any big clinical studies that we should be watching for over the course of 2018? And then somewhat unrelated follow-up is just anything in China blood screening. We havent heard anything about that in a little while. Thanks.
Rob Friel: So with regard to the studies that we want to be sort of focused on was theres a couple that are ongoing right now that are generating clinical data, and we would hope to see something like that maybe in the second quarter. With regard to blood screening, I think as we mentioned before, we had strong placement of instrument in the sort of  or particularly in the first half of 2016 that was causing some difficult comps earlier in the year. We continue to see good growth from the reagent side of things. So it generates a fair amount of profitability, but youll dont see the impact on the revenue until we sort of cycle through the instrument placements that occurred in 2017  or in 2016. So I think as we go into 2018, we expect to see some better growth from the blood screening business.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. So just trying to better understand the operating margin expansion of 70 to 90 bps in the forecast for 2018. How much of that would be core operating margin expansion versus the lift youre going to get from the addition of EUROIMMUN as a higher-margin business?
Andy Wilson: Well, on an operating margin basis, EUROIMMUN is similar to PerkinElmer, maybe slightly higher. But the vast majority of the margin expansion is coming from core PerkinElmer.
Dan Leonard: And Andy, can you talk about how much of that margin expansion comes through mix within corporate PerkinElmer? Because youre expecting diagnostics, like core, to grow a lot faster than DAS. So how much of that would be mix versus self-help and Lean and some of the other things youre doing?
Andy Wilson: Yes, I think its probably half and half, Dan.
Dan Leonard: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Catherine Schulte with Baird. Your line is open.
Catherine Schulte: Hey, guys thanks for the questions. Now that were about a quarter away from the Vanadis launch, can you just give any updates on pricing? And then do you guys have any visibility into the timing of any upcoming tenders over the course of the year.
Rob Friel: So with regard to pricing, well probably come out with the pricing when we release the product commercially, so after CE mark. And with regard to tender, yes, we have a very good perspective on which tenders, which countries, when they come out, and were focused on a couple more significant tenders that start sort of early second half. But yes, we have some fairly specific targets in mind. And so hopefully, we get the CE mark out in the latter half of Q2 and to be able to place. I think the goal is probably eight to 10 instruments in the back half of the year. And well start to generate some reagents, but as I sort of alluded to before, I think the significant growth will probably be in the earlier part of 2019.
Catherine Schulte: Okay. Thank you. And then just for your EPS guidance, I know you gave EUROIMMUN impact, but can you just give us a bridge versus 2017? So whats coming from the core business versus tax reform versus FX?
Andy Wilson: Well, tax reform is actually going to be a bit of a headwind for us. And as I mentioned, EUROIMMUN has a higher tax rate as well, so thats a little bit of a headwind. We said the amount coming from EUROIMMUN is 28% to 30%. So core is really growing at about 11%, and then the addition of the EUROIMMUN acquisition makes up the rest.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tim Evans with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Tim Evans: Thanks. Would you be willing to tell us how big the entire service and software component of DAS was in dollar terms in 2017? And then about how fast that business grew?
Rob Friel: So its about $700 million. Its about 40% of our revenue. And the growth rate of that in total, I dont know if we dont necessarily cut it all together, but probably about  in the year or the quarter?
Tim Evans: In the year, yes.
Rob Friel: I would say, I dont know the number at top of my head. Probably mid-single, probably that type of rage, maybe six, if I had to guess.
Tim Evans: Good enough. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And Im showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back to Rob Friel for closing remarks.
Rob Friel: So Chelsea thank you, and thank all of you for your questions and interest in PerkinElmer. Looking ahead, I continue to be energized by our employees and the many opportunities we see to continue to drive our mission of innovating for a healthier world. I have no doubt this year we will once again successfully deliver on our commitments to our customers and shareholders. We feel very good about our plans moving ahead and look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter. Thanks, again, and have a terrific evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2017 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this call maybe recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Tommy Thomas: Thank you, Heather. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until November 16, 2017. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon, and also, those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change, so you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our view as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in the attachment, we'll provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased with our performance in the third quarter as PerkinElmer delivered revenue and EPS at the high end of our previously communicated guidance range, and we continue to make excellent progress on our strategic priorities. Similar to previous quarters, I will briefly review our financial results, discuss overall market conditions and update you on our progress during the third quarter relative to our strategic priorities, while Andy will discuss our financial results and future guidance in more detail. Turning to our financial results, we generated revenue of $550 million during the third quarter, which represents growth of 8% over Q3 last year on a reported basis and 5% growth organically. Adjusted operating margins expanded by 30 basis points to 19.3% and adjusted earnings per share was $0.73, representing growth of 14% over Q3 last year. Year to date, our financial results are tracking favorably to our original guidance in the beginning of the year. And based on our fourth quarter guidance, we are on track to exceed our full-year guidance communicated back in January for both the top and bottom lines, delivering organic revenue growth of 4% and increasing adjusted earnings per share by low double-digits. Markets continue to be favorable. For the first time in over five years, during the third quarter, we experienced positive organic growth in every region of the world and every end market in which we operate. Looking specifically at our end markets, pharma biotech grew mid-single digits as strength in service and high content imaging was offset from continuing headwinds in our radionucleotide business. Diagnostics also grew mid-single digits as emerging markets continue to outpace developed markets. Our food business was very strong, growing over 20% due to several key customer wins and strong performance from recently introduced new products. Both environmental and industrial markets grew low single-digits as environmental is continuing to see strong growth in Asia, positive results in Americas, offset by declining revenue in Europe. Our sales to academic customers are  also grew low single-digits and recovered from a slow start to the year as funding outside the U.S. has improved. Turning now to our performance against our strategic initiatives, within Diagnostics, we continue to make good progress strengthening our core areas, while expanding our addressable markets. In Q3, we launched our new mass spec platform, QSight, for the clinical market and have received a very positive response from our customers. During the third quarter, QSight was registered as a Class 1 instrument with the FDA. In addition, we have completed CE marking for the European market, enabling the instrument to be used in clinical applications beyond newborn screening, and we are diligently working to extend our existing and new clinical assays on QSight. Moreover, our Diagnostics portfolio continues to address the escalating demand for greater access to quality healthcare across emerging regions. The performance in our Tulip Indian diagnostics business is encouraging on both the top and bottom lines as we expand Tulip's in-vitro diagnostics offerings throughout India. These solutions add in the prevention, screening and diagnosis of communicable diseases such as malaria, HIV and hepatitis, which are critical issues in that part of the world. Turning briefly to our cord blood and cord tissue banking business, you may have seen earlier this year the announcement of newly published research that shows encouraging developments related to the use of a child's own cord blood to treat cerebral palsy. The Phase II clinical trial led by Duke University, and with participation from some of our ViaCord families, will hopefully drive greater awareness around the potential of cord blood and cord tissue by helping further penetrate this market over time. We also continued to make good progress on the key growth initiatives for our Diagnostics business that I've discussed previously and thought I would provide a quick update. As I've mentioned before, Vanadis is our solution for prenatal screening that leverages high precision imaging in an automated platform, enabling a much more efficient and less expensive option versus current NGS-based NIPT testing alternatives. In the last month, we have submitted an article with data demonstrating its performance, which should be published before year-end, and we expect another article to be submitted before year-end. One research system has been installed in Europe and another will be installed shortly. These units will continue to generate more data on the Vanadis platform as we continue to validate the assay. To date, the results look very encouraging and compares very well to the current commercial NGS alternatives. As a result, we continue to be very enthusiastic about the potential for Vanadis and remain confident that our commercial launch date for the first half next year will be met. Our PerkinElmer Genetics offering of whole genome sequencing services has begun testing samples and we have already signed a number of contracts with both academic institutions and rare disease pharma companies. During the third quarter, we also announced our collaboration with In-Depth Genomics or IDG. PerkinElmer Genetics is supporting IDG's program which brings genetic diagnosis to patients across a wide range of neurological conditions. We will provide clinical whole genome sequencing, interpretation services and diagnostic reporting to IDG and IDG will then use the de-identified genomic and clinical data to support their R&D, generating a better understanding of the cause of hundreds of rare diseases. We continue to be excited about our pipeline of opportunities as we focus these capabilities around our reproductive health business and rare diseases. And finally, one of our major priorities for the remainder of the year is the closing of our acquisition of EUROIMMUN, which will augment our immunodiagnostic offerings with autoimmune and allergy testing. Over the past few months, we've made great progress working towards this closing and we have also used this period to facilitate collaborative discussions between employees of both companies to explore future opportunities. It has been an exciting time and we are very much looking forward to uniting as one organization. The only remaining hurdle is regulatory approval in China and we are still planning for a Q4 closing. As currently, our commitment for EUROIMMUN's minority shareholders continues until the end of this year. If we determine this is unlikely to occur, we will either purchase those shares outright or simply extend the timing of the shareholder commitment. I look forward to communicating the closing as soon as it happens. And after spending time with leaders and employees at EUROIMMUN, I am ever more encouraged by the opportunities presented by this combination. Moving to the DAS business, which was created about one year ago, we've undertaken a number of significant actions to achieve our objective of accelerating profitable growth by disproportionately investing in the most attractive market opportunity, while continuing to improve commercial execution. Year to date, we have launched 11 new imaging and detection instruments which are generating significant interest among customers across the environmental, food, industrial and life science research markets. Several more are still in development and slated to launch over the next couple of months. Looking specifically at our food franchise, which is focused on adulteration, quality and safety testing capabilities, we continue developing new innovations while also seeking to acquire attractive assets to expand our $200 million-plus food portfolio. During the quarter, we won a number of large tenders spanning the U.S., Australia, Europe and China that reflect a high demand for unique applications utilizing Perkin and Delta technologies. These include whole grain analysis, the establishment of product quality grading based on sugar content, and the measurement of food fermentation for textile production, just to cite a few. On the services side, our OneSource business continues to win competitive tenders with key pharma customers due to the breadth of our offerings which range from asset management to scientific services and lab location. A strong indication of the faith the market has in our offering was evidenced by a recent significant win, which represents the largest initial contract in the history of OneSource. Also, during the third quarter, we have initiated the implementation of new technology-based solutions to improve our customers' experience and provide additional insights into their lab operations, as well as facilitate our ability to expand in the higher margin service offerings. From an operational execution standpoint, we are making good progress on the third component of our strategy, which is focused on continually improving our operational execution and strengthening our margin profile. In particular, our utilization of lean manufacturing methods has resulted in a 13% reduction in our manufacturing floor space globally since the end of 2015. In addition, during the same timeframe, material costs have been reduced as a percentage of revenue by 700 basis points to 24% of total cost of sales. Through these initiatives and others, we remain confident in our ability to improve product gross margins significantly over the next several years. Also, I recently attended the opening of an important expansion of our Chinese manufacturing facility to broaden our capabilities to produce several of our DAS product families. By better aligning our manufacturing footprint with the location of our customers, we should facilitate future growth in this important area of the world. These operation improvements, as well as our ability to leverage our SG&A costs, have enable us to make additional investments in R&D in 2017, which we believe will translate into increased revenue from new products in 2018 and beyond. Relative to last year, investments in research and development have increased 12% or 40 basis points as a percentage of revenue, enabling us to accelerate R&D innovations for solutions and serve higher growth markets. So to summarize, during the quarter, we continue to meet or exceed our financial commitments. However, more importantly, the combination of the successful execution of our strategic growth initiatives, favorable market conditions and the opportunities afforded by the upcoming EUROIMMUN acquisition, reinforces our belief that the growth of both our top and bottom line should accelerate in 2018 and beyond. I'll now like to turn the call over to Andy.
Frank Anders Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. Consistent with previous quarters, I'll provide some additional color on our end markets, a financial summary of the third quarter and first nine months of 2017, as well as details around our guidance for the fourth quarter. We were pleased with our continued performance in the third quarter, as adjusted revenues from continuing operations grew 8% to $555 million. Foreign exchange represented a tailwind of approximately 100 basis points, with acquisitions adding approximately 200 basis points resulting in an organic growth of approximately 5%. By business, Diagnostics, representing 30% of total sales, grew 5% organically both in the third quarter and year-to-date, driven by growth in our emerging market diagnostic offerings and sales of our advanced genomic solutions. Discovery & Analytical Solutions, representing 70% of total sales, grew 4% organically in the third quarter and 3% on a year-to-date basis, driven by new product introductions and an improving macro environment. I'll provide some additional color on both businesses in a moment. We experienced healthy growth across all major geographies with high single-digit organic revenue growth in Asia, mid-single digit organic revenue growth in the Americas, and low single-digit organic revenue growth in Europe. In the BRIC regions, we continue to expect strong and broad based organic revenue growth with continued double-digit organic revenue growth in China. As to our operating results, third quarter adjusted operating margins expanded 30 basis points to 19.3%, driven by continued SG&A leverage, partially offset by increased R&D investment in the quarter and year-to-date. Adjusted operating margins have expanded over 40 basis points year-to-date. As a result, adjusted earnings per share from our continuing operations for the third quarter of 2017 was $0.73, a 14% increase versus the prior year and at the high end of our guidance range. Year to date, our adjusted earnings per share has increased approximately 10% in spite of a 12% increase in R&D investments, which I will talk about more shortly. Looking further into the key drivers within our business segments for the third quarter, let's start with Diagnostics, third quarter results were in line with our expectations, driven by strength in our advanced genomics, Varian sample prep business in the Americas and our emerging market diagnostic offerings, which continued to outperform. Our clinical labs had another strong quarter growth as they continue to gain traction addressing customers' needs, while out Tulip business, serving the Indian market, continues to exceed expectations. As mentioned earlier, we continue to ramp R&D spending, which has increased on a year-to-date basis driven by investments in both businesses. Within Diagnostics, investment spending continues to be focused on Vanadis' Smart NIPT and our new mass spec for newborn screening. We're pleased to report that this newborn screening tool was well received at the recent Association for Public Health Labs Conference and is set for a fourth quarter launch. While as Rob mentioned, Vanadis, our innovative NIPT solution, continues to track to internal plans with data we recently submitted for publication. Switching to our Discovery & Analytical Solutions business, third quarter results often played out as expected and were, once again, driven by a very strong growth in our key focus areas of food and pharma biotech services, as well as strength in environmental offerings, while revenues from industrial and academic and government grew low single-digits. Looking at key products, growth continues to be driven by the new ICP-MS for food and environmental applications, while very strong overall growth in food was driven by Perten and pharma biotech results were once again driven by a solid OneSource performance. We are very pleased that our OneSource team continues to drive industry-leading growth, with an expansion of services into existing customers, coupled with a number of significant new customer wins year-to-date. We now believe the double-digit growth OneSource has experienced in recent quarters will be sustainable for the near to intermediate term. In terms of increased R&D spend within DAS, we have been focused on developing new products, targeting inorganic applications and have secured a number of wins with recent launches in ICP-OES and ICP-MS product lines. We are also excited to be taking new orders on our newly launched gas chromatograph, an imaging instrument that should help drive organic growth acceleration in 2018. Looking below the line, adjusted net interest and other expense for the third quarter was approximately $11 million, tracking in line with our initial guidance. And while our year-to-date adjusted tax rate is approximately 17%, slightly below our January guidance, we expect the full-year tax rate to be approximately 17.5%. Turning to the balance sheet, we finished the quarter with approximately $1.1 billion of debt and $709 million of cash, and we entered the quarter with a net debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA ratio of approximately 0.9 times. As we have previously mentioned, we expect to use a combination of cash and incremental debt to fund the acquisition of EUROIMMUN. We will communicate these details upon closing. Turning to cash flow, year-to-date operating cash flow from continuing operations was $165 million. And as we look ahead to the balance of 2017, we believe that we will continue to efficiently manage our working capital requirements and drive approximately $300 million of adjusted free cash flow for the year. Looking to the fourth quarter of 2017, we believe we are well-positioned to deliver a solid finish to the year. For the fourth quarter, we are forecasting reported revenues to be in the range of $613 million to $618 million, which represents organic revenue growth of approximately 4% to 5%, and adjusted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.93 to $0.95. As Rob mentioned, this represents organic revenue growth of approximately 4% for the year and full-year earnings per share growth of 11% at the midpoint of the updated adjusted EPS range of $2.87 to $2.89. This concludes my prepared remarks. Heather, at this time, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from William March with Janney. Your line is open.
William March: Hey, guys. How are you?
Robert F. Friel: Good.
William March: First question, could you maybe just talk a little bit about the whole genome sequencing business that you just launched, specifically, who are your target customers for this product? Are there some cross-selling opportunities with the existing diagnostic portfolio? And then, maybe just the margin profile of this business versus the core diagnostic business?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, sure. So, it's targeted at three customers. First of all, our reproductive health area, and in that area I think there is a lot of cross-selling opportunity. So, I think as we talked about last quarter, our newborn screening business very often is reflexed into NGS for confirmatory testing. So, one of the things we're doing is we're now doing some of the confirmatory testing with our newborn screening customers. The other area where we see good synergies with our reproductive health business is in the ViaCord area where we have some 350,000 cords that are stored, and of course, ongoing business, where we see interest very often where those customers would like to have some whole genome sequencing done. So, I would say that's the first area that we're focused on. The second area was the one that I mentioned in the prepared remarks where we're doing work with IDG and they're having us do some whole genome sequencing with regard to neurological disorders. And then the third area I would mention would be in the pharmaceutical area, particularly in the orphan drug, where we're working with several pharmaceutical companies to help them particularly identify potential patients for clinical studies. So, I would say that's the initial focus of the business. We're seeing early days but good update. And while it's a startup right now, we do anticipate as we get the higher volume that we can get the operating margins equal to or maybe even a little bit better than the company average.
William March: Got it. And then, maybe just if you could talk a little bit more about what you're seeing geographically in terms of  I know you had a difficult comp last quarter in Asia, whether that low double-digits we saw this quarter, if that was a tough comp or just kind of more commentary on what you're seeing on each of the three geographies? Thanks, guys.
Robert F. Friel: So as I mentioned before, this is one of the first quarters in a while where we actually experienced growth in all three regions, so whether it's the Americas, EMEA or APAC. And so, if I look at each of those, I think the U.S., we continue to see generally pretty good growth across all areas with maybe the exception of academia was a little light. But other than that, we see good growth in Diagnostics. So, I would say if you look at newborn, first of all, while births now have sort of more flat in U.S., I would say prior to this quarter, we actually saw them down a little bit, we think, now. At the end of the third quarter, if you look on a trailing 12-month basis, it's more sort of flat. But our ability to continue to expand the menu and expand what we do, also mentioned the genetic testing business that we're now seeing good growth on the Diagnostics side, pharma continues to do well and the environmental and safety areas. So, I think good demand within the Americas. I think when you look at Europe, again, probably not as strong as U.S. but good strength on the pharma aside, I would say we saw a pickup on the industrial markets in Europe and food was very strong. And then, of course, the highest growth area for us was in APAC, obviously, led by China. China was up sort of mid-teens for us, and that was pretty strong across the board with possibly the exception of industrial, and that was really more of a comp issue. I think last year, if you look at China, our industrial business was up high-teens. So as I sort of mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're seeing pretty good strength, again, across the globe and across all the application areas.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Dan Arias with Citi. Your line is open.
Daniel Arias: Hi, guys. Thanks. Rob, on Vanadis, as you guys get ready for commercialization there, can you just talk about how broadly you're thinking that will be in Europe? Is it going to be a meter rollout next year or should we kind of think about UK, France, Germany, all seeing availability fairly quickly?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I think, as you mentioned, that will be Europe first. I think it will be somewhat metered by the tenders. That's one of the things we're looking at relative to the potential for revenue in 2018 and we want to try and time that at least as best as we can to some of the tenders in some of these countries. So I think initially, if you look at 2018, that'll be a large determinant to how quickly it gets ramped up in the market. But again, the intention would be pretty broad based across Europe. Again, one of the important aspects of this is because this goes in, as we've talked about, into more of the biochemical markets, we've got a very strong commercial footprint in those markets already, basically, the leader in biochemical screening. So, we think this will be something we can penetrate relatively quickly. So, it will really be more gated by the timing of, again, the tenders, more than anything else. Again, just to remind, our plan is to have CE marked, so it will give us access the markets actually, other than just Western Europe.
Daniel Arias: Okay. That's really helpful. And then, apology if you touched on this during the prepared remarks but how did EUROIMMUN do organically during the quarter? And now that you've had a chance to sort of think about that business, what are you thinking about in terms of the timeline associated with bringing that portfolio to U.S. in a meaningful way?
Robert F. Friel: So, EUROIMMUN continues to do well. So if you look at the results through three quarters, they continue to grow organically in the high-teens area. I would say they're growing in 2017 in excess of what we assumed in the model. And so, one of the things we have been spending a fair amount of time on over the last several weeks is how we can be prepared to penetrate the U.S. market sort of as quickly as possible. And so, that will be clearly one of the top priorities that we've identified in the collaboration and synergy discussion. So, the plan would be to try and really drive growth in the U.S. relatively quickly.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Derik de Bruin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Derik de Bruin: Hey, good afternoon.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Derik de Bruin: Hey, on the newborn screen aspect, I believe that you historically have partnered with Waters in the area of mass spec for that market. I'm just curious, could you just remind us on that relationship, and I guess, does anything about that relationship change as you sort of launch your own system?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So, you're right. The relationship historically was that we used the Waters mass spec in our solution. I mean, fundamentally, everything else that was in the solution, and again, when we service our customers, we go from the filter paper to the puncher to all of the sample preparation information to the detection information as far, and then, also the software and informatics. So moving forward now with the QSight, the plan would be to replace the Waters mass spec with the QSight. And so, going forward, it will be an exclusively 100% PerkinElmer solution.
Derik de Bruin: Great. And I guess, just sort of staying on that as a follow-up, it's like how much of the market is mass spec-based versus biochemical-based, the typical immunoassay screen-based for that market? These questions are like penetration mass spec in that market and what's the opportunity.
Robert F. Friel: Are you talking about globally or China? I'm sorry...
Derik de Bruin: I'm talking about globally, on where mass spec is on a global basis in terms of being used...
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say if you look outside the developed markets, mass spec is relatively small from a penetration perspective. But of course, today, the developed markets are a large piece of it. So from an opportunity perspective, I would say roughly 30% of the market today is probably covered by mass spec, and again, the current market, and probably 70% is more biochemical. When you look at the opportunities going forward to expand the market, most of the emerging markets don't do mass spec today. They do just biochemical.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Charles Steinman: Yeah. Hey, guys. This is Charlie Steinman on for Patrick. Thanks for taking the questions. Just regarding OneSource, was hoping to get a sense of an increased penetration of potential customers who hadn't outsourced before? And then, also on OneSource, if you've seen any pull-through on the product side from those relationships?
Robert F. Friel: So on the first one, yes, we continue to see penetration of incremental customers particularly outside the U.S. And so, I think that's a good significant component of the growth going forward. And on the second question is it's sort of early days there. I think that's a more significant opportunity for us going forward. So, we're hopeful, as we get into sort of 2018 and later, that we'll be able to get more pull-through on the PerkinElmer products.
Charles Steinman: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then, maybe a little more of a high level question, but you've had a nice acceleration on the Diagnostics side of the business and clearly, that's been a focus. I'm curious just what, on the DAS side, ramps that growth up over the next one or two years?
Robert F. Friel: So, I think it's combination of things. And first of all, as we've been focused on new products, so we've got to get some new products out into the marketplace, and I mentioned I think over the last nine months or so, we've got 11 new imaging and detection products out in the marketplace (32:26). That's one. The other thing is I think disproportionately investing in those areas where I think we've got both greater growth opportunities and stronger competitive positions. And the ones I would specifically spike out would be food, in the pharma services area, some of our imaging capabilities, and maybe, finally, the inorganic applications like ICP and ICP-MS. So, making sure we're really sort of focusing in those areas. And then, the other area is just expanding our capabilities. So, I mentioned the fact that we just very recently opened up a manufacturing line in China for our DAS products. And I think locating more of our capabilities closer to our customers where else to be more nimble and respond more quickly, and also, starting to adopt more of our products to the needs of those specific geographic regions. So, I think those are the three key areas that I think we can sort of drive higher organic growth for DAS.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho W. Peterson: Hey, thanks. A couple of things. Rob, how much of the logistics shortfall came through this quarter? Can you just quantify that? And then, your guidance implies doing 5% organic against a modestly tougher comp in the fourth quarter. Maybe if you could just tell us where you're seeing the improvement in trends coming out of the quarter and what gives you confidence in hitting the fourth quarter bar?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So, I think we felt like we got all, if not, 95% of the revenue that we missed in Q2. I think I mentioned last quarter is because the majority of the shortfall was on the instrument side, I think we felt actually by the latter part of July and maybe it spilled into early August, we had shipped all that. So, I think that was helpful to achieving our sort of the top end of our guidance relative to this quarter. I think relative to the areas we're seeing, I think it starts off with getting the traction on the new products, and so, that's driving food. I think we mentioned a couple or at least one nice win in OneSource, so I think that'll help us here in the fourth quarter as we start to ramp that program up. And I think some of the things that we've got in place on the Diagnostics side. I think we'll see it on the genetic testing side, some improvements, where we've got some expectations at QSight, starting to see some nice growth in the fourth quarter. So, we think we've got pretty good alignment to the growth targets that we've laid out for Q4.
Tycho W. Peterson: And low-single digit growth in industrial, I guess, seems a little bit light relative to what we see on the PMI side. Is there room for improvement or upside on the industrial front (35:18)?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I think there is. I mentioned before that we had a pretty tough comp in China relative to Q3 last year, it was up high-teens. So, I think a little bit of that was a comp issue. But I think your question implies that we're seeing some recovery in the industrial end markets and we would agree with that. So, I think we would be disappointed if we didn't see industrial start to pick up here, not only in Q4 but as we get into 2018.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steve C. Beuchaw: Hi, good afternoon and thanks for taking the questions. First one is for Andy. Andy, I don't want to leave you out here. I wonder if, at the margin line, if you could give us a sense for the impact year-on-year from currency and from anything else inorganic, M&A or other, so we can get to an organic year-on-year margin.
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah. I think maybe I'll start with EPS and then  because I don't really have it quite cut by operating margin at that level. But from an EPS perspective, we went into the year expecting an FX headwind, and at this point in time, we expect FX to be an $0.08 tailwind. So, if you look at our guidance, with a midpoint of $2.88, it's about $0.08 higher than the January guidance we provided. So that, obviously, is a benefit. And then, we have spent back quite a bit on R&D which resulted in about $0.03, but we covered that with the operational beat thus far. So I think all in all, FX for us for the year will be $0.08. The amount of revenue year-to-date just, for example, on the M&A side, is a little over $40 million, and it's about $0.02 in the second half and I would think that will continue in the fourth quarter. The Bioo and the Delta acquisitions both fall off at that point.
Steve C. Beuchaw: And sorry, is that all inclusive of...
Frank Anders Wilson: That was all in our guidance at the beginning of the year, yes.
Steve C. Beuchaw: Okay. Great. And then, there's been a lot of commentary on this call, in the Q&A and the prepared remarks about new products and great to see a lot of those coming through. In past years, at times at the outset of the year and over the course of the year, though, you've talked about the dollar contribution from those products. I wonder if you could put those numbers on the new product flow this year. And then, considering that some of these products have launched here relatively recently here during the second half, I mean, how is that driving your thinking about new product contributions for 2018? Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: Steve, I'll take that. And that's a great question because it has been an important initiative of ours and a focus of ours. So if you look at new products, we started off the year and said, we're looking at about a $50 million help from new products, sort of incremental. And if you sort of track it through the year in the first quarter, we think it was in sort of the $13 million range. For the second quarter, it was about $21 million. We think the third quarter is maybe just a tad above that, maybe more like $22 million for the third quarter. So actually, through the nine months, we're now a little bit above our target of $50 million. So to your point, we feel good about the progress we're making here. And I think that, ultimately, is the lifeblood of our growth. The key is to make sure we're in attractive end markets and that we're bringing innovation to our customers to drive the incremental growth. And so, we continue to be very pleased with that. As we think about into 2018, I mean, we'll give 2018 guidance obviously, sort of in the earlier part of next year but we continue to be optimistic. And because as we get traction this year, it reinforces our confidence in, first of all, the process of how we're driving new products, and just as importantly, the team. So, the other aspect is over the last maybe 18 months, we have been upgrading the leadership of the R&D organization and it's great to see that it's making a difference.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Dan Leonard with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. So, two questions. 2017 seems to be a bit of a reset year from an R&D as a percentage of revenue standpoint. How do you think about leverage on that line going forward? Are you thinking that will continue to go up and you're going to continue to aggressively invest or would you get leverage beyond 2017?
Robert F. Friel: No. I mean, I think when we set the targets out for the 22% operating margin couple of years back, we targeted sort of 6%, 6.5% R&D spend. And I think year-to-date, we're at 6.3% or something like that. So, I think we're pretty comfortable with that number. And then, when you think about it relative to product revenue, it gets you up in the sort of 7.5%, almost 8% area. So, I think we're fine there now. Of course, with EUROIMMUN coming into the company, they do spend more as a percentage of R&D. So you will see, in fact, the R&D percentage go up, but I think that's just sort of a math exercise with EUROIMMUN coming in. But I think for the, I'll call it the historical PerkinElmer portfolio, I think where we are now seems pretty good relative to our ability to invest in the areas that we think are important and drive the organic growth that we've talked about.
Frank Anders Wilson: And then, just to kind of expand on it a little bit, we have a framework and a road map to get to the 22% by 2020. And it's really, it's a combination of R&D investment, but it's also some of the gross margin expansion efforts that Rob discussed, as well as the accelerated organic growth from some of our R&D investments and we still think that we have room to really leverage SG&A. So, I think we're right in line, as Rob said, and I think we were able to make those investments and still achieve our longer term goal.
Dan Leonard: Okay. And then, just one follow-up question. So, I'm trying to understand all the pluses and minuses on the top line and it sounds like you're coming in better in 2017 year-to-date on new products, and that's a good guide, but year-to-date organic growth is about 3 points. What are the offsets? Is it something besides RAS, is maybe newborn screening a bad guy and that can turn into a good guy in 2018? What color can you offer there?
Robert F. Friel: No. I don't think there's any bad guys in Diagnostics right now. I mean, generally, we feel like Diagnostics is on track to do the sort of 6% or 7% organic that we've talked about in the beginning of the year. I think the offsets are in the areas where we haven't sort of invested in the new products within DAS. So, we thought a fair amount about the organic portfolios, so ICP, ICP-MS, even AA. I think the areas that hopefully we'll be able to focus more on in 2018, in the areas like some of the chromatography areas, some of the areas around thermal and material characterization. So, I think there are some areas where we're probably may not making the  or we're not growing with the market because, again, we focus some of our investments in some of those other areas that support the food area or support pharma, et cetera.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Emily Stent with Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Emily G. Stent: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First off, looking at the pharma end market, can you break out how much growth you saw from capital equipment versus recurring revenue?
Robert F. Friel: I would say if we include in recurring services, that would be basically the majority of the growth. I would say on a product basis, we were relatively flat, when you look at things like high content imaging doing well and a couple of other imaging products being offset by radiometric detection and sort of drug discovery. So, product was relatively flat. Services was the majority of the growth.
Emily G. Stent: Okay. That makes sense. And then, with Andy set to retire next August, how's the CFO replacement search been going and when should we expect to hear an update?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I'll start off by saying it's going to be impossible to replace Andy. But having said that, it's going well. I mean, it's early days. We've hired a search firm. We've seen some preliminary list of very qualified candidates. And so, I think we feel pretty good about the ability to get a very strong person in here. I think the nice thing is because of Andy's willingness to give us a fair amount of time, I think we should be in good shape as we get into sort of middle part of 2018.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Jack Meehan: So, wanted to focus on the growth in the food end market. So, I think I caught 20% in the prepared remarks. I think it was expected to swing into the teens but that feel be a little better than we're looking for. Maybe just elaborate on the trends you're seeing there.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So we continue to see strong growth in China, which is probably expected. We saw a particularly strength in Europe this quarter, very strong growth. And I think we just continue  I think it's a combination of we bought Perten, we bought Delta, we bought Bioo, and we've been in the process of trying to get those integrated, and then, also, leveraging some of the channel, historical channels of PerkinElmer and it sort of takes some time to do that and I think we're starting to see some nice traction there. And we're getting into some of the larger food customers and once we're in there, we're able to leverage additional products. So, either PerkinElmer products or pulling Perten and Delta through or vice versa.
Jack Meehan: Do you think double-digit growth can sustain into the fourth quarter and may be into 2018?
Robert F. Friel: I would say we target food in sort of high single. I think in given quarters, we could probably see something in the teens. But I would say built into our Q4 guidance is food in the sort of low double-digit range.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Rob Friel for closing remarks.
Robert F. Friel: Great. Well, first of all, we appreciate your questions. And again, we feel good about our financial performance year-to-date, as well as the progress we continue to make on our strategic priorities. Thank you for your interest in PerkinElmer and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you all may disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the PerkinElmer Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the floor over to Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tommy Thomas: Thank you, Karen. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer Second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until August 17, 2017. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our view as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. The second quarter was a busy time for PerkinElmer and one in which we made good progress on our strategic priorities to improve our growth trajectory as well as our operating effectiveness and profitability. Looking specifically at our financial performance during the quarter. Organic revenue grew 1% to $547 million. Adjusted operating margins expanded 70 basis points to 18.2%, and adjusted EPS was $0.67 in the middle of our previous guidance range. We felt good about the margin expansion in adjusted EPS, but we were disappointed with our top line performance. While we experienced several puts and takes relative to our forecast, fundamentally the shortfall was due to weakness in academic markets outside of the U.S. and a decline in Europe largely due to computer malware that negatively impacted our third-party logistics provider in the last few days of the quarter. And while our IT and operations team did an incredible job working around these systems issues, ultimately, our ability to recognize revenue at the end of the quarter was negatively impacted. As Andy will discuss our second quarter financial performance in more detail, I will focus my comments on our performance year-to-date relative to the strategic priorities and financial commitments we communicated in the beginning of the year. As a reminder, in January, we forecasted that our 2017 revenue would grow 4% organically. Adjusted operating margins would expand 70 basis points to 90 basis points and adjusted EPS would be in the range of $2.75 to $2.85 representing a growth on a constant currency basis of 8% to 12%. Through the first six months of the year, organic growth has been about 3% despite the issues mentioned previously. As our end markets have been fairly consistent with our expectations. In addition, the introduction of new products and our focus on improving our customers' experiences are translating into good traction in the market. As a result we are confident in forecasting an acceleration of organic growth to 5% in the second half as we previously communicated and we continue to forecast 4% organic growth for the full year. Adjusted operating margins through the first six months have expanded 40 basis points, also tracking to our plan. However, given the strength of our service business in the first six months, we have experienced less gross margin expansion than expected despite seeing gross margin improvement in both our service business and our product offerings. Given this first half performance, we remain confident in our ability to expand adjusted operating margins for the year, consistent with our guidance of 70 basis points to 90 basis points, while the mix between gross margin expansion and operating expansion will be more evenly balanced than originally anticipated. With regards to adjusted EPS, we've increased our range to $2.84 to $2.92, reflecting a more favorable foreign exchange environment and our EPS fee of $0.02 in the first quarter of this year. Consequently at the midpoint of our guidance, we are now forecasting a slightly higher adjusted EPS growth rate of 11% on a constant currency basis. Regarding our strategic priorities, we have made substantial progress on driving our strategic growth initiatives and further evolving the company to accelerate growth. As you may recall, following our decision to restructure the company in the Discovery & Analytical Solutions or DAS and Diagnostics, we established a plan to sell our Medical Imaging business and more aggressively manage our portfolio of businesses to focus on our most attractive opportunities. In the same time, we've been increasing our growth rate by expanding our global diagnostic footprint, and accelerating growth in DAS, by disproportionately investing in certain areas and improving commercial execution. During the second quarter, we closed the divestiture of Medical Imaging resulting in an after-tax booking of $180 million and cash proceeds of over $250 million net of taxes. Our acquisition earlier in the year of Tulip Diagnostics, a leading in-vitro diagnostics business in India, both expanded our capabilities geographically, and broadened our product offerings into the immunology and clinical chemistry markets. Furthermore, having now solidified this extensive channel in India, we're looking forward to leveraging a number of PerkinElmer products to drive incremental sales in the region. Our recently announced agreement to acquire EUROIMMUN further expands our diagnostics business into the areas of autoimmune diseases, allergy and certain infectious disease. Since our announcement, we've had several collaborative meetings with our colleagues at EUROIMMUN to identify and prioritize the key areas of synergies, and the more time we spend together, the more opportunities we see to collaborate and leverage the two companies' strengths. In addition to the significantly  in addition to significantly expanding our addressable markets, it is clear that EUROIMMUN will also fill key gaps in the areas of antibody and antigen production as well as differentiated detection and liquid handling capabilities. Also our ability to accelerate EUROIMMUN's growth in the United States though our strong connection with public health labs has been accelerated by the recent FDA announcement to reduce the regulatory requirements for many allergy tests, thereby allowing us to enter the market faster than we anticipated. From a regulatory perspective we've already received approval from the German Antitrust Authorities and our submission to MOFCOM in China has been filed, and is in Phase 1. Over 99% of the shares have been tendered to-date, and we expect to close quickly after receiving approval from MOFCOM, which we currently anticipate to occur in late Q3 or early Q4. Turning to another exciting area where we are expanding our diagnostics market. Today, we announced the launch of our genetics services business called PerkinElmer Genetics. This business will provide whole genome sequencing through a comprehensive end-to-end solution for genomic lab testing, that includes sample collection, assay development, biochemical and sequencing testing services. The business, which will be based on several of our screening and diagnostics labs around the world will perform screening and diagnostic testing, and will specialize in newborn screening and high throughput next generation sequencing for rare inherited diseases. For example, in the U.S., we have two CLIA certified clinical laboratories that process more than 500,000 samples a year. The testing menus offered by these labs include newborn screening, biochemical profiling, 2nd tier molecular confirmatory testing, Sanger and NGS-based panels and exome and genome sequencing. Because sequencing is not a standalone option, our ability to use a dry blood spot sample, and to stimulate molecular and biochemical data from our global laboratories will improve the interpretation of genomic variance. While initially focused our newborn and ViaCord customers, we've also developed a biochemical and molecular testing menu to meet the needs of other segments, including pharmaceutical companies and serve the markets in China and India. Moving onto the DAS business, while the operating structure for this business has been in place for less than a year, we have made good progress refining the organizational structure, ensuring the successful delivery of DAS's 2017 commitment and pivoting the business for long-term success. During DAS's short existence, we've built out its leadership team along with successfully launching several new products. These include a new ICP-MS and ICP-OES products for the inorganic markets. The Vectra Polaris systems for quantitative pathology and the QSight, a new triple quad mass spec for the food markets, which will be launched for the diagnostic markets at the Association of Public Health Labs in September. Regarding some of the specific growth areas within DAS, in our food franchise, we continue to integrate the Perten, Delta and Bioo acquisitions into the organization. Increasing regulation is helping to drive demand as more governments are calling for higher standards regarding food safety, quality and authenticity. As we integrate these assets with current offerings from our analytical instrument portfolio, we are now able to provide a complete suite of solutions for a large segment of the food market. Moreover, we believe the capabilities of EUROIMMUN will further strengthen our capabilities in additional areas like pathogen testing. In our OneSource business, we continue to build out additional capabilities and professional services, providing a broad suite of critical solutions for our customers' workflows beyond asset management. In the first half of the year, OneSource implemented more than 25 new or expanded projects and programs in the professional services space. Moving forward, we're building capabilities in data integrity, validation activities, and integrating and leveraging expertise in asset adjacencies such as IT and compliance. Additionally, we continue to invest in our informatics and digital capabilities and believe we are in a unique position to capitalize on the digital trends which are transforming the laboratories of the future. Before I turn the call over to Andy, let me summarize our key takeaways from the first half. We are tracking to our financial commitments made in the beginning of the year and expect organic growth to accelerate in the second half. Even more importantly, we are successfully executing on our strategy to focus the portfolio, expand the global diagnostics business and accelerate growth in DAS to create long-term value for our customers, shareholders, and employees. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Andy.
Frank Anders Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. Consistent with previous quarters, I'll provide some additional color on our end markets, a financial summary of our second quarter and first half 2017 results as well as details around our guidance for the third quarter and the full year. Reported revenues from continuing operations for the second quarter of 2017 grew 2% to $547 million. Foreign exchange represented a headwind of approximately 1% with acquisitions adding approximately 200 basis points resulting in organic growth of just over 1%. As Rob mentioned, a softer than expected academic end market in Europe and Asia coupled with issues late in the quarter at our third party logistics provider in Europe negatively impacted organic revenue growth by approximately 200 basis points. For the first half, organic revenue growth was approximately 3%. We remain confident that the success of our recent new product launches coupled with favorable comparisons in the second half of 2017 will enable us to meet our full year organic revenue growth commitment. Looking at our business segments and served end markets, Diagnostics organic revenues grew 1% organically as expected in the second quarter, impacted by a challenging double-digit prior period comparison. For the first half of the year, Diagnostics grew approximately 4.5%. Discovery & Analytical Solutions grew 1% organically with the results impacted by softer than expected European and Asian academic markets as mentioned earlier. For the first half of 2017, DAS grew approximately 2%. Looking at our geographic results for the second quarter, we experienced mid single-digit organic revenue growth in the Americas, flat revenues in Asia due to very difficult prior year comparisons, particularly in Diagnostics, and low single-digit organic revenue declines in Europe. In the BRIC regions, organic revenue growth remained broad-based with an overall increase in the low teens, with China up double-digits. As to our operating results, second quarter adjusted operating margins expanded 70 basis points to 18.2% driven by improved sales execution and continued G&A leverage. Total SG&A improved by 100 basis points, more than offsetting another quarter of increased R&D investment. As a result, adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations for the second quarter of 2017 was $0.67, matching the midpoint of our guidance range. We continue to make good progress on our efforts to expand gross margin across both instrument and services with early success from the move of procurement activities to emerging markets. While we still expect to see gross margin expansion for the year, the second quarter and first half were impacted by a mix shift into services. By segment, adjusted operating margins for DAS were 16.7% up 100 basis points, a result of pricing initiatives and sales execution improvements just mentioned. Adjusted operating margins in our Diagnostics business declined 80 basis points over the same period last year, due primarily to continued R&D investments in Vanadis and IONICS as well as the impact of recently acquired businesses specifically Tulip. For the first half of 2017, Adjusted operating margins were up 40 basis points driven by selling and G&A leverage, and a positive mix shift into our strategic focus areas. For the full year, we still expect to deliver 70 basis points to 90 basis points of margin expansion and remain on track to deliver on our longer-term operating margin expansion commitments. Looking further into our business segments for the second quarter, Diagnostics representing approximately 30% of total revenue, was as expected impacted by a tough prior year comparison. As a reminder Diagnostics had organic revenue growth of over 12% in the second quarter of 2016 with particular strength in China. Through the first half of 2017 the majority of our served Diagnostics markets continued to track to our expectations driven primarily by newborn screening and emerging market Diagnostics, which continued to outperform as compared to developed markets. We won two meaningful newborn screening tenders during the quarter in Russia and Mexico, and are seeing strong demand from our China Laboratory business launched last year. In addition, there are several new products launched in the latter part of the first half that are expected to contribute to accelerated organic growth in the second half of the year for Diagnostics. Switching to our Discovery & Analytical Solutions business, as mentioned, revenues were impacted by timing and a softer than expected academic market, specifically in Europe and APAC, which negatively impacted sales in the second quarter. We're encouraged by the improvement in recent order trends, and expect to see organic growth acceleration in the second half of the year, as first half new product launches continue to ramp. Looking at sales in our served end markets, growth continuous to be enhanced by our new ICP-MS targeting environmental applications, while positive pharma biotech results were driven by another strong performance from lab services, which was up mid-teens in the quarter. During the quarter, we won several OneSource tenders, which will commence in the latter part of the year further supporting this top line growth performance of our laboratory services business. Food revenues as expected, declined moderately in the quarter due to a mid-teens comparison in the prior year. For the second half, we believe food will grow double-digits driven to a large extent by success with our Perten offering. Industrial revenues improved to low single-digits for the second quarter and first half of 2017 driven by strong results in Asia, while academic and government results improved in the quarter aided by U.S. strength were down modestly through the first half of 2017 due to Q1 2017 softness. In terms of operating margin expansion, as I mentioned, we're confident in our ability to deliver 70 basis points to 90 basis points for the year as lean initiatives continue to ramp and we continue to benefit from low-cost sourcing actions. Adjusted net interest and other expense for the second quarter was approximately $11 million and it's tracking in line with our initial guidance. While our year-to-date adjusted tax rate is approximately 17%, which is slightly below our January guidance due to discrete items in the second quarter. For the full-year, we expect the adjusted tax rate to be approximately 17.5%. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the quarter with approximately $1.1 billion of debt and $616 million of cash, which includes the proceeds from the sale of the medical imaging business earlier this year. We exited the quarter with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of approximately 1.1 times. As a result, we believe, we're well positioned to fund the upcoming purchase of EUROIMMUN. Turning to cash flow, year-to-date operating cash flow from continuing operations was $95.6 million as compared to $107 million in the prior year due primarily to the timing of payables. As we look ahead to the balance of 2017 and beyond, we believe we will continue to officially manage our working capital requirements and drive approximately $300 million of free cash flow for 2017. Looking to the balance of 2017, given improved order trends across both DAS and Diagnostics as well as easier comparisons, we believe we are well-positioned to deliver a solid financial performance in the second half. As a result of a more favorable foreign exchange environment and better revenue growth through acquisitions, we are raising our reported revenue guidance for the full year 2017 to be in the range of $2.23 billion to $2.24 billion. As Rob mentioned, this represents organic revenue growth of 4%. To reflect our updated views, we're increasing and tightening our full year adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations guidance to now be in the range of $2.84 to $2.92, which does not incorporate any impact from EUROIMMUN. For the third quarter of 2017, we're forecasting reported revenue to be in the range of $550 million to $555 million, which represents organic revenue growth of approximately 5%. Assuming $11.5 million for net interest and other expense, a tax rate of 17.5% and approximately 111 million shares outstanding, third quarter 2017 adjusted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.71 to $0.73. This concludes my prepared remarks. Karen, at this time we would like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. And our first question for today comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson: Hey, thanks. I'll start with a question on the Sequencing Services announcement I had a few inbounds on that tonight. I really just would love to get a better handle on the strategic logic here. How does this leverage what you already have, and really going head to head with Genome centers, low cost emerging market service providers, can you maybe just talk on competitively how you think you're going to stack up and what the strategic rationale is in that market.
Robert F. Friel: Sure. So, let me start with the strategic side, and I'll talk about why we think we can win there, or what we think are some competitive advantages. So, first of all, we think this starts off sort of a natural extension of our newborn and also our ViaCord business. So, as I think you know well, we do the screening for the metabolic disorders, and very often the confirmatory test is done through sequencing. So we think we can pick up a fair amount of that business, number one. Second is we have a stored bank of over 350,000 cord bloods, and periodically we request it, and we think there is an opportunity to do some genetic sequencing of those. And again, so I think that business alone probably is  probably a $10 million or $15 million business in a relatively short period of time. We are also by the fact of our presence in India and China, and particularly in India, doing some sequencing today actually of some individuals in India. We have a contract with a large pharmaceutical company, where we're doing some work with them on selection for clinical trials, and we're in discussions with a number of organizations. So, it's a capability that we currently have, it's also consistent with and I think as you know well that in addition to the sequencer, we basically have the capabilities around that. So if you look at the various components of whether it's liquid handling, whether it's DNA extraction, whether it's the quality control or whether it's the enrichment, those are all things that obviously PerkinElmer does, so we think we can be very cost competitive. I think the other thing that we think makes us somewhat unique is we've developed the capability to do it through dried blood spot sampling and therefore we think that increases access for patients globally and decreases the cost by eliminating the need for collections, storage, expensive transportation, et cetera. And then I think lastly, I think our global footprint also allows us to enrich the data base which will improve the interpretation of genomic variance. So I think there is a number of things that we feel pretty good about and maybe finally, we have strong clinical interpretation capabilities. So we just thought it made a lot of sense. I think the question was when is the appropriate time to do that? And like I said, I think we'll probably through the end of this year and probably next year, we'll be able to build a relatively quickly, probably a $15 million or $20 million business and then as we look out a couple of years, we think it probably is $50 million plus.
Tycho W. Peterson: Okay. And then for the follow up, outside of the logistics IT issue, I'm just curious as that how end markets performed against what you've been expecting in the quarter. It sounds like academic was a little bit worse that makes you maybe a bit of an outlier versus what we've heard from peers.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah I can guess that, I mean when we step back, I would say, when we step back from the quarter, while we were a little disappointed with the number, there was nothing, whether it was operationally competitive, market perspective that caused us to change our view on the year or the back half. So if I just run through the markets quickly, so pharma for us was sort of low single digits, that's basically what it's been running. Obviously, there's a headwind there from our radioactive business that came in about what we thought. Environmental was sort of low single digits. That's been doing a little bit better than that, but it had a difficult comp year-over-year. Similarly, food was in the same situation. It was actually down a little bit. It was against a 17% comp year-over-year. If you look at industrial, actually it continues to improve a little bit, so that was up, I think, 2% or 3% in the quarter. We saw particularly strength in Asia and as you pointed out, and I think we talked in the prepared remarks, the academic market was the one that we were a little bit disappointed. It was down low single digits, and it was up against a relatively easy comp. It was down mid single digits in the second quarter of 2016. So again, I think the markets performed pretty well as we expected with the exception of the academic markets. On the Diagnostics side, again, if you go through it, newborn was up high single, and I think, if you look at we had a very difficult comp in China. I think, Andy mentioned it particularly in China, I think we were sort of 50% plus last year because of the placements with the high Yuan. And so again, we knew that going into the quarter, and so, I think we called out earlier that we thought Diagnostics would be down low single digit. When you look at the impact in Europe with the logistics issue, it was sort of evenly split between Diagnostics and DAS. And so, I think, absent that, Diagnostics probably would have been up closer to 3%, and DAS probably would have been closer to 2%.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Isaac, your line is open. Could you check your mute button, please.
Isaac Ro: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Sorry about that.
Robert F. Friel: Sure.
Isaac Ro: Yeah, hey. Just trying to think a little about on the innovation side. Obviously, you guys have made a lot of changes to the company over the last couple of years, it's a new portfolio, new look in terms of end market growth. If you can talk a little bit about some of the things that are less visible to us on the outside in terms of how that's affected the way you guys innovate on both sides of the company? And when a realistic timeframe might be for us to start to see the fruits of those investments in terms of accelerated organic growth?
Robert F. Friel: Okay. Great. So first of all I guess it depends how far you want to go back, so I'll certainly give you my perspective. And so if you go back a number of years, the Diagnostics business was one that was probably growing mid single digits and I would say now it is comfortably in the sort of 7% to 8% range. Some of that was expansion into emerging markets, some of that to your point was the innovation side where we've gone into menu expansion and also a number of areas in the applied genomics area. And the goal here is to take that from sort of 7% to 8% to double digits. And the way to do that in our view is we're funding Vanadis, which as we've talked about in the past, we think we'll be sort of disruptive in the NIPT market. Obviously, the EUROIMMUN acquisition I think brings some interesting capabilities not only from a technology perspective but obviously opens up a further addressable market for us, the Tulip acquisition obviously gives us I think incredible infrastructure in India, and now with the move into genetic services leveraging our capabilities. So as I think about the DX going from sort of mid single to high single to double-digit, that is the path we're on and we're trying to do that by maintaining a 30% operating margin. Shifting over to DAS, that's a business again depending on how far you go back was probably in the 13% to 14% operating margin, low single digits. We're now sitting here at 17% operating margins and we're trying to make a number of changes, both to the portfolio and the focus of the investments to get that up to mid-single digits and ultimately a 20% plus operating margin. So that's sort of the path we're on. It's a combination of execution, it's a combination of innovation and it's a combination of tweaking the portfolio.
Isaac Ro: That's helpful. Thank you. And then just a follow up on EUROIMMUN  certainly you see the opportunity there to accelerate the growth of the assets you mentioned. I am interested in a little more detail around how you plan to accelerate growth in the U.S. and how long do you think that might take? It does seem like there's some respectable competition in the allergy testing side at least as well as autoimmune. So I'd be interested in just sort of mapping out a little more specifically what you guys intend to do to realize that opportunity. Thank you.
Robert F. Friel: I would say that's  we're in the process of doing that right now. We've started to meet with the teams, a number of us were out at actually AACC earlier this week to start to put together the tactical plans to think about how  for example on the allergy side. I mentioned the fact with the recent FDA announcement, I think it was in the middle of July, we're looking to accelerate that because an issue  our plans were around where we needed to get sort of regulatory approval, but of course with the ability now to go to the market, we're looking at accelerating that. And so we're  the key for us though is to make sure that we prioritize these and the ones that we think can have the biggest impact in the shortest period of time and so we're putting those plans in place. But it will be around focusing on leveraging our strengths with the public health markets, obviously through our reproductive health, so we think we can leverage that. And then also utilizing their capabilities on the autoimmune side to add allergies and expand out their menu.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of William March with Janney.
William March: Hey, guys. How are you?
Robert F. Friel: Good.
William March: So first question. Maybe just going back to the longer term organic growth outlook, could you first maybe just talk about how new products are impacting organic growth this year? And then just secondarily, as you look at the R&D budget, how are you thinking about investing in DAS versus DX to fund that growth?
Robert F. Friel: So starting first with the NPIs, we said in the beginning of the year that we were looking to get sort of an incremental $50 million of revenue from new products. I would say if we look at the second quarter, we think it's in the sort of $21 million range. So we think we're  and in the first quarter, it was in the sort of $14 million range. So we're well on track to achieve that. Your second question with regard to how we think about the R&D is clearly there is a higher percentage of R&D being spent in Diagnostics as compared to DAS. So, think of Diagnostics as probably about a 7% R&D and DAS is probably closer to 5%, so it splits that way. But I think the thing to point out within DAS, it's very discriminated between where we're investing that R&D. And I would say that's a little bit of a change probably relative to a number of years ago where it was sort of spread more based on revenue to some extent. I think now there's huge differences between, if you look at the amount of money that's spent in some of the high growth areas, like quantitative pathology or food, it would be much different than some of the lower growth areas. I would say, the other thing to point out is, while it's about 5% across DAS, a large portion of that business has service. So, on a product basis, we're probably investing something closer to the Diagnostics.
William March: Got it. And then just my follow up, you highlighted strong growth in the service business, just what's been driving that growth? And then as you think about the margin profile for that business, is that running at a similar level to the DAS, slightly above, slightly below? Thanks, guys.
Robert F. Friel: So, if you look across the service business, it's about a $600 million business, and I would say the margins in that business from an operating perspective are comparable to the overall company, maybe a little bit better, obviously lower gross margins, but obviously it does not attract to selling and the R&D, as I mentioned previously. So, higher operating margins than the overall company, but lower gross margins than the overall company. What's been to a large extent driving that growth is our multivendor business, and we continue to see very good traction there, that had another strong quarter, I think  Andy mentioned. And the key there has been our ability to continue to broaden out our capabilities beyond asset management, into compliance quality, data integrity. I think leveraging the investment we made a number of, a couple of years ago in informatics is becoming a significant differentiator for us, in a number of these tenders for the lab services of the large pharmaceutical companies.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Arias with Citigroup.
Daniel Arias: Yeah, hi, thanks for the question. Rob, just so that I understand on the IT issues, are those fully behind you, or does that still carry some risk?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, no that's behind us, and this was if you recall this Petya malware that got into a couple of companies. Our IT guys did a great job on it, it didn't really infect in PerkinElmer's computers. But we had a third-party logistics supplier that does our  did some of our businesses in Europe it's Brussels based and that's where the challenge was. Those products have subsequently been shifted in the third quarter and we don't expect to see it, have that issue going forward.
Daniel Arias: Okay. And then within the industrial markets Municipal Water, I think has been an area that's been sluggish for a while, did the improvement in cyclical demand extend to that market as well or is that still a bit challenged?
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say Municipal Water is not an area of significant focus for us in our businesses. And where we're seeing the growth on the industrial side at least in the second quarter was largely in Asia.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tim Evans with Wells Fargo Securities.
Tim C. Evans: Hi, thank you. Just to go back to the academic piece, would you mind elaborating just a little bit on, on what you think might be driving that?
Robert F. Friel: So, if you look at our academic business, it was up fairly strong in the U.S., I think it was high single digits. And where we saw the declines or the negative growth was both in Europe and in APAC down somewhere either low single-digits or mid single-digit. And I think it's  to some extent, funding clearly in the UK with what's going on with Brexit and none of the funding there that was European sourced, is now sort of shifting around. And so I think that's probably the biggest driver to the European funding, and Asia maybe just more of a timing issue for us.
Tim C. Evans: Okay. Great. And then, on the Pharma business. I think you said that was up low single digits including the headwind from their radioactive business. What would the Pharma end market have grown excluding that headwind?
Robert F. Friel: They'd probably get you more into the mid single digits where I think is probably more characteristic of the market.
Tim C. Evans: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen & Company.
Doug Schenkel: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. There is three topics I'd like to cover or I'd like to ask you guys to cover. So I'll rattle through those and then get back in the queue. The first is on the malware issue. It sounds like you attributed about $10 million in revenue to that. Is that right and is there any opportunity to recapture any of that? So that's the first one. The second one is, you've increased full year EPS guidance, I think by $0.03 at the midpoint of the range. How much better is FX now than it was the last time you provided guidance? Is that the full $0.03 or is it a little more than that or a little less than that? Then the third thing I want to go back to the topic of your new clinical whole genome sequencing service initiative, and congratulations on that. In answering Tycho's and Isaac's questions earlier, you talked about PKI's various capabilities in existing adjacencies, which are clearly extensive. That said I don't think you talked about the market in the context of the  I guess the why now question. What are you seeing in the market that drove you to make this decision in terms of interest in this type of offering? And how does declining price factor into the equation? I ask this because some have argued that there is too much capacity in the market, and that market elasticity is waning. Your launch of this initiative seems to run contradictory to these arguments and you seem to be in a really good position to assess the state of the market. So, if you could comment on that? And also whether or not these are, as I would assume, Illumina NovaSeq for the several sites you've noted? Thank you.
Robert F. Friel: Okay. Well, I'll take the first and third one and I'll pass the one on foreign exchange over to Andy. So, the malware was about half of the number that you mentioned. It was probably about a $5 million impact for us as I said it was fairly evenly split between DX and DAS. And when we look at relative to our guidance which was in the 3% to 4% range, we would say about half of it was due to the challenge with the logistics provider in Europe and about half of it was probably attributable to the academic market which was declining and we had forecasted it to be up slightly, let's say, low to mid-single digits. So, that's how I would handicap that. Andy, why I don't I switch over to you..
Frank Anders Wilson: Sure.
Robert F. Friel: ...the FX and then I'll come back and handle the genetics question.
Frank Anders Wilson: Doug, this is  go ahead.
Doug Schenkel: Actually Rob, Rob real quick. Do you think you can get some of that back, I know it's not a huge number but is that kind of...
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I think we'll get all of it back because..
Doug Schenkel: Okay.
Robert F. Friel: .. these are products that are sort of instruments. It's not really consumables. If it was consumables, I'd say, if it's not on the shelf, they're going to take somebody else's. And just to spend a second on and the fundamental reason why we use the  or historically, we use this is, so in a lot of instances, when a customer buys, let's say, a JANUS from us for automation or liquid handling. That PO could have 12 line items on it because they're buying the JANUS, they're buying a power cord, they're buying accessories, and et cetera. And so we have used logistic suppliers in Europe to help sort of kit that and consolidate that and just to give you sort of a little color, I got a text on the Thursday before the quarter closed it said we have $14 million of product that's sitting in a Brussels' warehouse and our logistic supplier had lost all capability to track and figure out what's in their warehouse. And so I give a lot of credit to both our IT and our ops team that sort of jumped on a plane went over to Brussels and did a terrific job of making that only a $5 million problem but that's essentially what caused the issue and that's why we used the logistic supplier.
Frank Anders Wilson: And Doug, this is a follow up. We have obviously been working with the carrier and a majority about all of those revenues will be captured and a large swath of those have already gone out to the customer, so we feel pretty good about that. As far as FX, we calculate our FX based on the balance sheet date and the impact between the second and fourth quarters is about $0.03, so that's basically the raise in our guidance from the mid-point of $2.85 to the mid-point of $2.88 and we obviously we'll update that each quarter but it's probably for the second half about $13 million of headwind.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Super helpful and then Rob, would you mind going back to that why now in the market question in the whole genome services?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I would say it's a combination of things and if you look at sort of why do it now is one, it was a combination of building the capability and some of that was technology and some of that was people. We wanted to make sure we had the right organization to implement this, but I think the other driver to it was the, with the NOVASiC, you're now getting to the point where the cost of a whole Genome is approaching what used to be the cost for exomes. And so I think it was a combination of with our capability in the frontend and the NOVASiC, we thought we could put a very competitive offering out there, and then combine that with the capabilities that we built up and then of course I talk about the strategic connection to our newborn and ViaCord business. And then, the hope is we'll able to expand that into other areas like the NICU, I talked about the collaboration with the pharmaceutical companies around having them identify candidates for clinical trials et cetera. But I would say, it was a combination of building capabilities, and getting to a cost point that thought could be very competitive.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Thanks, guys, for all of that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray.
William R. Quirk: All right. Thanks. Good afternoon, everybody. I guess a couple of questions on birth rates, if I may. Some of the data coming out here in the States suggests that things are going negative in some states, presumably because of Zika. So, I assume that will be pretty transitory, Rob. So I was just curious if you had any comments there? And then also, I remember I think last year, there were some issues with Brazil, just curious if things are bouncing back there? And then, I've got a follow-up. Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So, first of all, our data would corroborate what you were saying, which is our data would suggest that birth rates are down 1% and 1.5%, and we saw that turn particularly in the second quarter. Having said that, and I think I mentioned this previously, our newborn business grew very nicely, and it grew very strong in the U.S., and again I think that was driven more by menu expansion as compared to birth rates. But we are seeing a little bit of a declining birth rate in the U.S., now at least on a trailing 12-month basis. With regard to your Brazilian question, we have seen Brazil snap back nicely here, and we saw strong growth in Brazil, I mean it was up over 20%, and so hopefully we will continue to see some nice growth there.
William R. Quirk: Very good. And then just as a follow-up, it looks like if I'm doing the math right here, it looks like Tulip was a little bit ahead of our expectations, it certainly sounds like you have got some big things planned for this particularly with respect to leveraging your new NGS capabilities, Rob. So maybe you could just elaborate on kind of how that business is tracking versus your expectations? Thank you.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. That's correct. Tulip is doing better than the deal model, so we're excited about that. And I think we are now at the point where we can start leveraging that with some of the PerkinElmer products. And I would say the other significant opportunity is I think with EUROIMMUN. I think both taking some of the EUROIMMUN products or some of the Tulip products and putting them into places where EUROIMMUN now is like Brazil and other areas, I think there is an opportunity. And so I think Tulip is going to continue to be a great opportunity for us. And we're also starting to see opportunities to leverage that infrastructure and knowledge to help us in the reproductive health area.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays.
Mitchell Petersen: Thanks. This is actually Mitchell Peterson on for Jack this afternoon. Firstly, I was just hoping you could touch on the blood screening business in terms of growth in the quarter, and then also your progress penetrating the Chinese market?
Robert F. Friel: So, I think as we mentioned in the first quarter, because we had such strong instrument placements in 2015 and 2016, that our expectation is that the blood screening business at least from a top line perspective would sort of slow and in some quarters actually be flat to down a little bit or up a little bit, and that continues to trend here in 2017. Having said that, the profitability is increasing nicely because while we're selling more reagents and less instruments, so that that top line is being negatively impacted, obviously, that's much more profitable for us. And I think we continue to feel like we're making good penetration on the market share there. We probably think we're 30% of the market or so.
Mitchell Petersen: Okay. And then as a follow-up. What was growth in biopharma specifically in the products business. And can you talk about the market environment that you are seeing there? Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: So I think if you look at the overall product business, it was flattish.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Derik de Bruin: Hi. Good afternoon.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Derik de Bruin: Going back to the genomics business. What do you think about the business in terms of as a services business. Is it going to be more profitable, less profitable than how you sort of think about the OneSource business? I am just sort of curious on where you think profitability could be.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. We do  we think it will probably be a business that can probably do high teens, maybe low twenties. When we look at sort of the current ASPs and what our cost structure is, so that's how we're sort of modeling it out.
Derik de Bruin: Okay. And I guess any update on Vanadis? Have you had anything more on that? Haven't really heard anything recently, and like when do we expect an update on progress?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So I would say Vanadis continues to progress well. We're on track for commercialization in the first half of 2018. What you'll start seeing sort of the latter part of this quarter and the early part of fourth quarter is we'll start to have limited placements of the  what I'll say, the research grade systems to support the regulatory submissions. And so, things are still on track there and we're still excited about getting that out, as I said sort of first half of 2018.
Derik de Bruin: Great. And you'll have some clinical publications ahead of that, so we'll get a chance to look at it or how are you going to release it?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So I think as those come out we'll sort of make sure that people will see those and we'll publish those accordingly.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Catherine Schulte with Robert W. Baird.
Emily G. Stent: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Kind of following on  or actually sorry, this is Emily on for Catherine. Following on the Vanadis question, what kind of cross selling opportunities do you have between that and ViaCord?
Robert F. Friel: No. I would say, from the standpoint as they're both sort of related to the sort of the OBGYN possibly in the U.S., but I don't know that there is a significant opportunity in that area.
Emily G. Stent: Okay. And then, OUS, can you talk about what types of birth rate trends you're seeing particularly in China and India? And in your guidance, how much are you embedding menu expansion versus continued penetration in the markets?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say in China birth rates are sort of mid single digits. And I would say, there the growth rate is driven much more by menu expansion than penetration. Our penetration in China now is up in the sort of 90%s. So it's all going to come from menu expansion to a large extent. India birth rates are sort of flat to low single digits. And as I've sort of talked in the past, I mean I think we're making good progress in India, but I continue to believe that's going to be a fairly slow ramp. And so that's going to be a multi-year process. It's a huge opportunity, it will just take awhile between sort of education, et cetera, to get that to the point where we are in some of the other countries.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference back over to Rob Friel for any closing comments.
Robert F. Friel: Great. Well, first of all, thank you for your questions, and your interest in PerkinElmer. So, I appreciate having the opportunity to share with you both the progress we're making to deliver value to our customers, shareholders and employees, as well as some of the exciting plans for the future. Thanks for joining us tonight, and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the PerkinElmer First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Tommy Thomas: Thank you, Belinda. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note that this call is being webcast live and being archived on our website until May 18, 2017. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any other date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob.
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report on PerkinElmer's strong start to the year in which we delivered a solid financial performance and made good progress on accelerating our long-term profitable growth. Through the first three months of this year, I'm encouraged by the progress we're making to further differentiate our capabilities by introducing innovative new products while also improving how we provide a better and more complete customer experience. Andy will cover our financial performance in detail. But at a high level, we exceeded our revenue and profitability expectations as organic revenue grew by 4% during the first quarter and adjusted earnings per share increased 10% to $0.55. As you recall, at the end of the third quarter of last year, we announced the realignment of the company into our two business segments of Diagnostics and Discovery & Analytical Solutions or DAS. The intention was to better position PerkinElmer to more effectively serve and innovate for our customers. Now, six months into the reorganization, we are pleased with the number of improvements we've made from a leadership, process and capability standpoint. R&D teams are coming together to drive more targeted and collaborative innovation. And the new united, unified front-end sales and service teams are actively selling complete solutions across the portfolio to holistically meet customer needs, an important differentiator for PerkinElmer. Specifically in the Diagnostics business, we're working to increase our leadership positions in the key growth areas of reproductive health, infectious disease and oncology. During the first quarter, we launched two new products to facilitate targeted sequencing and detection of genetic variance to aid in oncology and genomics research. In particular, using Amplicon Studio, we continue to release new sequencing panels for our customers on a catalog and customer basis  and custom basis. And our new NEXTflex control system helps detect contamination as well as human and sequencing process errors. We also announced a relationship with 10x Genomics to combine our high throughput automation platform to create a compelling workflow for long-range structural cellular information. In the area of infectious disease testing, we closed our acquisition of Tulip Diagnostics in India at the start of the year and the integration is well underway. Tulip brings a strong product portfolio, channel access and broad footprint that will help accelerate PerkinElmer's growth in this important market. In China, we continue to expand our infectious disease menu. And during the first quarter, we introduced a new assay for hepatitis B surface antigen and a PCR-based hepatitis C assay kit. Within reproductive health, we expanded newborn screening programs in the first quarter particularly in emerging markets. In China, greater penetration of mass spec and the increasing adoption of our automated GSP screening solution is enabling an expansion of the menu of tests administered to newborns. In India, where newborn screening occurs less than 5% of the time, we continue to make progress on expanding pilot programs. In addition, we are seeing strong interest from private sector commercial diagnostic labs in offering our screening technology, potentially accelerating our penetration of this significant opportunity. Additionally, we continue to be excited about our Vanadis Smart NIPT technology currently in development. The program reached key milestones in the first quarter as we have now automated an assay that very accurately measures trisomy 13, 18 and 21. We remain on track to introduce instrumentation to beta customers in the second half of this year with CE-IVD approval expected in the first half of 2018. To reiterate, this new offering will allow maternal fetal health labs to use a high throughput approach with lower labor requirements, enabling millions of pregnant women access to affordable, non-invasive prenatal screening. Another potential growth driver to our reproductive health business is a recent Phase I clinical trial conducted by Duke University evaluating the use of a baby's own cord blood stem cells to treat autism spectrum disorder. We're proud that ViaCord, our cord blood and cord tissue preservation business, provided nearly one half of the banked cord blood units used by the families participating in this important study. We're optimistic that the positive results of this trial will expand the potential uses of family cord banking by highlighting the opportunities for its use in regenerative medicine including autism. In the DAS business, we are optimizing our commercial, operational and R&D capabilities to pivot the business to deliver higher growth and better weather varied economic conditions. For this year, the key priorities are launching several exciting new products in our focus areas of growth and better leveraging our 1,700 service engineers and informatics capabilities to strengthen our position as a strategic partner for our customers. Regarding new products, during the first quarter, we introduced the NexION 2000 ICP-MS. Capable of handling any sample matrix, the NexION 2000 can be configured to provide results for many critical applications including analysis of trace elements in environmental and food samples or testing for elemental contaminants in pharmaceutical products. The NexION is also opening up new products such as fast, accurate nanoparticle characterization and even single-cell applications. The NexION 2000 allows scientists to study the cellular uptake of heteroatom-containing drugs, thereby better understanding their efficacy in vivo. During the quarter, we also introduced the Vectra Polaris, part of our Phenoptics workflow solution for quantitative pathology. This new tissue imaging system enables researchers to gain a deeper level of understanding of potential cancer immunotherapies. Also during the quarter, we continued to experience strong demand for several of our products introduced in the back half of last year including our new QSight triple quad mass spec as well as the Operetta CLS. In addition to driving our organic growth rate, these four recently introduced products expand our addressable markets by several hundred million dollars in attractive growth areas. Over the last several quarters we have been investing significant energy and resources in improving our processes and capabilities regarding new product development and commercialization. Our progress over the last two quarters is encouraging and we remain confident in our goal of adding $50 million of incremental revenue this year from new product introductions. Our DAS service business, which is now unified under the OneSource brand, is approaching $600 million in annual revenue and has built a strong market position in managing the laboratory assets of our customers, particularly in the form of biotech space. More recently, we have been using this extensive presence in the labs to better understand the workflow of our customers and look for what we refer to as asset adjacencies. By changing the dialogue to broader workflows as compared to only instruments, we changed the discussion from one about asset optimization and cost to one about business outcomes and improved results. Consequently, conversations with customers become more strategic, which both expands the market potential and the opportunity to provide more value-added services. From an organic perspective, we see significant opportunity to increase growth through focused innovation and by enhancing the customer experience. Looking at our end markets, conditions are playing out fairly consistent with what we expected when we prepared our plan for this year. We continue to see strength in all four of our key focus areas comprised of reproductive health, emerging market diagnostics, food and biopharma services. In the first quarter, these areas grew high single digits for us and now represent just under half of our total revenues, up from roughly 40% two years ago. Our core businesses serving the industrial, drug discovery and environmental markets comprise the remainder of revenues in the quarter and saw flat but stabilizing demand. In addition to organic growth expansion, we are also pursuing several opportunities to better focus our portfolio through selective divestitures as well as acquisitions in our targeted areas of growth. Earlier this week, we closed the sale of our Medical Imaging business, resulting in proceeds of roughly $270 million. Consistent with our statements made in the beginning of the year, our intention is to deploy this capital to expand our capabilities through acquisitions or to buy back shares. Once we have deployed the capital, we will provide specific details on the use of the funds. So to summarize our first quarter, I would say we delivered a solid financial performance exceeding our commitments on the top and bottom line. We made good progress on new products and organizational alignment to growth priorities. Market conditions have been consistent with our planning assumptions with a little less foreign exchange headwind. And we're excited about having a robust pipeline of potential acquisition opportunities. I feel we're in excellent shape and are quite confident we will make real progress this year increasing our long-term growth trajectory. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy to discuss our quarterly financial results in more detail. Andy?
Frank Anders Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. Consistent with previous quarters, I'll provide some additional color on our end markets, financial summary of our first quarter results as well as details around our guidance for the second quarter. It was a solid start to the year as reported revenues from continuing operations were $514 million, resulting in organic revenue growth of just over 4%. FX negatively impacted revenue growth by approximately 1%. And the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures in the quarter was approximately 50 basis points. New product introductions within our Discovery & Analytical Solutions business coupled with solid execution helped to drive the revenue beat in the quarter. As Rob mentioned, we are reiterating our expectation for approximately $50 million in incremental revenues from new products for this year. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations for the first quarter grew 10% to $0.55 from $0.50 in the comparable period a year ago, a result of higher revenues partially offset by incremental R&D spend in the quarter. Looking at our business segments and served end markets, Diagnostics organic revenues grew 8% organically in the first quarter with healthy demand in reproductive health, infectious disease and oncology. DAS grew 2% organically with environmental up high single digits, food and pharma biotech up mid single digits, industrial was flat but improving sequentially and academic and government declined low single digits. As we exit the first quarter, we think most of our end markets, as Rob mentioned, are playing out as expected with the academic end market continuing to underperform. Looking at our geographic results for the first quarter, we experienced high teens organic revenue growth in Asia, low single-digit organic revenue growth in Europe and low single-digit declines in the Americas. In the BRIC regions, organic revenue growth was broad-based with an overall increase of more than 20%. As to our operating results, first quarter adjusted operating margins from continuing operations of 16.3% came in as expected as we increased R&D spending in the quarter by 50 basis points due to accelerated investments in both Diagnostics and DAS, while adjusted SG&A improved by 100 basis points driven by the success of ongoing indirect spend initiatives. Adjusted gross margins were down versus the prior year due in part to the impact of acquisitions and divestitures consummated in 2016, which represented a 40 basis point headwind as well as a mix shift in the laboratory services. The headwinds related to the aforementioned acquisitions and divestitures are not expected to continue as they anniversary early in the second quarter. By segment, adjusted operating margins for DAS were 14.1%, down 100 basis points from the prior year due primarily to incremental investments shifted into the first quarter as well as a very difficult prior year comparison. Adjusted operating margins in our Diagnostics business improved 160 basis points over the same period last year, the result of strong revenue growth and a positive mix of reagents. For the full year, we believe DAS operating margins will expand 80 to 100 basis points with Diagnostics operating margins expanding more modestly due to investments slated for the balance of the year. Netting it all out, we remain on track to deliver on our full year gross and operating margin expansion commitments. Looking further into our reporting segments for the first quarter; Diagnostics, which represents approximately 30% of total revenue, had strong results as compared to the same period a year ago. Growth was driven by continued strength within our core reproductive health franchise which grew high single digits organically led by double-digit newborn screening growth. We continue to experience strong revenue growth outside of the U.S. And we believe that the opportunity to further penetrate emerging markets remains promising. Growth in our infectious disease product offering experienced high single-digit organic revenue growth driven by SYM-BIO and our Chinese clinical lab, which has been operational for a little over a year. Finally, our oncology offering, focused predominantly on NGS workflow, saw mid single-digit revenue growth driven by demand in Europe and Asia. Switching to our Discovery & Analytical Solutions business, our improved performance was driven by solid execution on our go-to-market applications focused strategy as well as early traction from our new product introductions. In terms of drivers behind our growth by end market, growth was driven in part by our new ICP-MS offering targeting environmental applications; while pharma biotech strength was driven by another very strong performance from OneSource, which was up mid-teens in the quarter. We remain pleased with the success of the OneSource team and believe that our differentiated service offerings continue to provide unique insights for pharma and biotech customers around the world. Food revenues grew organically mid single digits in the quarter in spite of a very difficult comparison in the prior year. Organic strength was driven by double-digit growth in Perten. And their results strengthen our belief that nascent secular trends for grain moisture and protein analysis continue to improve. Industrial revenues were flat with modest order improvement, while academic and government results remained soft. Overall, we feel good about our revenue performance in the first quarter and remain hopeful that recent industrial trends and this week's announcement to fund the NIH will help improve organic revenue growth in the second half of 2017. In terms of operating margin expansion, as I mentioned, we are confident in our ability to deliver 70 to 90 basis points for the year as lean initiatives continue to ramp and we continue to benefit from low-cost sourcing actions. First quarter net interest and other expense was approximately $11.6 million. And our adjusted tax rate was approximately 17.5% essentially in line with our guidance of 18%. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the quarter with approximately $1.1 billion of debt and nearly $290 million of cash. We exited the quarter with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of approximately 1.7 times. Turning to cash flow. We had a good start to the year with operating cash flow from continuing operations of $41 million as compared to $26 million in the first quarter of 2016. This performance was due in part to successful working capital initiatives focused on receivables and inventory which contributed to an improvement of 2 and 14 days respectively versus the first quarter of last year. As we look ahead to the balance of 2017 and beyond, we believe that we can continue to more efficiently manage our working capital needs through the expanded use of lean tools. Looking to the balance of 2017, we believe we are well-positioned to deliver a solid financial performance and see a path to improving organic growth driven by new product introductions and more favorable year-over-year comparisons. As a result of more favorable foreign exchange headwinds and better revenue growth in Q1, we are raising our reported revenue guidance for the full year 2017 to be in the range of $2.2 billion to $2.22 billion. This continues to represent organic revenue growth of 4%, which now includes $25 million to $30 million in foreign exchange headwinds and approximately $30 million of revenue from Tulip, our recently acquired Indian diagnostics company. In addition, we are raising our guidance for the full year adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations to reflect our Q1 results and updated foreign exchange impact from our previous range of $2.75 to $2.85 to a new range of $2.80 to $2.90, which does not incorporate any impact from future capital deployment. For the second quarter of 2017, we're forecasting reported revenues to be in the range of $550 million to $555 million, which represents organic revenue growth of approximately 3% to 4% with FX representing a headwind of approximately 2%, which is offset by the impact of our recent acquisitions. As a reminder, Diagnostics in the Asia Pacific region have very difficult Q2 2016 comparisons. We remain cautious but optimistic that the industrial and academic end markets within DAS will pick up in the second half of 2017. In our second quarter guidance, we're assuming $12.5 million of net interest and other expense and a weighted average share count of approximately 110 million shares. As a result, we expect second quarter 2017 adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.66 to $0.68. This concludes my prepared remarks. Belinda, at this time we would like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: Certainly. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And our first question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Steven Reiman: Hey, guys. This is Steve Reiman on for Tycho. Thanks for taking my question. I guess just first off, so it sounds like you expect DAS organic revenue to improve in the back half of the year. Can you talk about how much of that is dependent on improving end market growth versus new product flow?
Frank Anders Wilson: I think we are not considering any huge step up in end markets, although we were encouraged by the improvement that we saw through the first quarter in industrial end markets. I would say really the majority of that growth is coming from new product introductions. We launched several in the first quarter. There's a number in the second quarter as well. Those will continue to ramp in the year. And we also have an easier comparison in the second half as well, which will obviously be beneficial for the organic revenue growth.
Steven Reiman: Got it. And then you mentioned that growth in the BRICS was broad-based. So does that imply you're seeing some improving conditions in Brazil and Russia? And could that potentially be a source of upside this year? Thanks.
Frank Anders Wilson: We are. Obviously, last year, both economically and due to the issues with the Zika virus, we did see a significant headwind. Obviously, we have a much lower bar, but we did see growth in the first quarter. And we are expecting growth through the balance of this year, although off of, again, a more modest base.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Dan Arias from Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Daniel Arias: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks. Rob, I'm not sure if it's difficult to quantify, but any way you can kind of parse out how much of the better organic versus the guide was from better execution and the selling processes that you've mentioned versus end markets? It sounds like it was almost all the former but just want to make sure I'm seeing it right there.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I would say, going back to Andy's comments, we're not seeing a dramatic change in the end markets relative to what we thought sort of in the December-January timeframe. So I would say the improvement, it was largely on the DAS side. It really came from better execution particularly on the service side. We saw very strong service growth in the first quarter. I think the products also benefited from the new products. But I think it was more execution than market.
Daniel Arias: Okay. And then maybe, Andy, if I just go back to what you said about the outlook. On the new product side with the ICP-MS platform, not to get too granular there with how you're thinking about the ramp and the contributions. But I'm just kind of curious whether when you gave your outlook for new products, did it contemplate a product launch into some sluggish environmental industrial markets? Or were you kind of thinking implicitly there that there should be some pickup in demand by the end of the year? I know you're highlighting some of the research functions there. But maybe on the industrial side, basically, is there a couple of billion of upside there?
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah. I would say that as we were going into the year and we were looking at what we felt we could get from the launch of the new ICP-MS, we were assuming a bit more sluggish industrial market. So I think if we continue to see improvements in industrial, I think we'll see a bit of a pickup. And it's harder to quantify them as they might be (25:01), but it certainly will be a net positive.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Steve C. Beuchaw: I'd like to jump off the comments around the efforts to restructure the commercial organization. It was an important point as you guys framed up the growth in the second half last year that we were going through a transition there. Now that you've seen some of the benefits of those efforts, could you give us a sense just to layer on top of the commentary you've given us so far? What inning do you think that we're in, in terms of the benefit from those changes?
Robert F. Friel: I would say it's fairly early. As you pointed out, Steve, we're encouraged by the progress we saw in the first quarter. But it's still pretty early. We've got two fairly large organizations coming together. And we had to standardize some processes, even some compensation arrangements and obviously leadership. But I would say the areas where I think we're really seeing some early wins is clearly in the service organization. I alluded to the fact that we saw nice growth there. We're seeing significant benefits from the global account program that we have. So we've got some 12 or so global accounts that are now able to sell sort of all the products of PerkinElmer across the old historical environmental and life science business. So I would say some early wins, some early good indications. But it's fairly early days. I know you asked the question on the front end. But also I would say the other area we're seeing is on the R&D. Clearly, by consolidating the R&D across the larger DAS organization, we're seeing some benefits there in the pace and commercialization of the new products.
Steve C. Beuchaw: I appreciate all the color there, Rob. I guess just to follow up on that. Taking into consideration the comments on some of the encouraging signs in industrial, the traction and the momentum you have there on the commercial organization and the easy comps in the back half of the year; it's a little tricky to look at a model and say that the full year comes in around 4%. The pattern seems to be shaping up a little bit better than that. Are there any items you might flag for us that should keep us conservative when the trend looks to be a little bit stronger than that 4%? Thanks a bunch.
Robert F. Friel: I would say, no, I don't know that there's any strong indicators that would suggest that we're concerned other than it's early. I think Andy pointed out that in Q2 we are bumping up against both difficult comps in Asia and APAC as well as Diagnostics. So obviously, that's something that concerns us a little bit in Q2. So I think that the 3% to 4% guidance is prudent. But I think if we continue to see the markets that we've seen through four months and we continue to make the good traction in the new products, I would expect there'd be an opportunity to maybe do better than the 4%.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Ross Muken: Thank you. Maybe can you just give us a little bit of color on some of the pharma end markets and sort of what you saw there and maybe cut it by customer type and geography in case you saw anything that was sort of notable? It seems like Asia and China in particular on the pharma side has been a pretty big strength across most of the quarters.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, so we saw pretty good strength in pharma for us. It was sort of mid single. And, of course, when you look at the split of our businesses, we've got a little bit of a headwind with the radioactive. So if you're sort of excluding that out, we were probably in sort of the high single digits. When you look across the sort of geographies, clearly it was APAC that was the significant driver to that. We saw very strong growth in APAC driven largely by China. But we continued to grow both in the Americas and in Europe, but something more in the low single digits. So we're getting much more Asia-driven, much more sort of imaging, our imaging products, our reagent products are really the driver. And, of course, the services I alluded to were the big drivers of our pharma strength. But pretty strong and pretty broad-based.
Ross Muken: And maybe just on the M&A front, you have a lot of capacity here. Obviously, you said that if you can't do anything, you'll do repo. But you did tuck in Tulip. There's a pretty active market we've seen just in general. How would you kind of characterize the pipeline? What are the types of assets or the spectrum of stuff you're sort of thinking about more from a high level perspective would be sort of helpful?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So as I mentioned, we've got a pretty good pipeline. And we feel fairly confident we'll get some stuff done here in the latter part of 2017. The focus areas are the ones we've identified. So it's going to be diagnostics. It's going to be food. It's going to be pharma services. It's going to be those critical areas where we see both a combination of our core capabilities with strong differentiation as well as the overarching growth prospects of those businesses and markets. So those would be the area of focus. Historically, we've had a tendency to do smaller bolt-on deals and probably those are the majority of the ones that are in the pipeline. As I've said on a number of occasions, I'd like to expand that. And as much work goes into a $50 million deal as it does to do a $200 million deal. So if we could do something a little larger, that'd be great. So it's in that sort of range from a revenue perspective, right, things that are probably in the tens of millions to maybe a couple that are actually larger than that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Isaac Ro: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thank you. Question -
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Isaac Ro: Hi, guys. Just question for you on China newborn. You mentioned in your early prepared comments that penetration of the mass spec option had really picked up. Just curious if you can give us a ballpark in terms of where you are in driving that market, kind of upsell. And if I recall, the economics here are significantly better. So I'm just interested in where that can go over the next, let's say, 24 months.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So I would say right now if you look at China newborn, we think there's about 90% penetration of screening. But as we've talked about it in the past, generally depending on the part of the country, it's in the two to four disorders. We've seen a fairly good ramp up of mass spec. We think that's probably more in the 20% to 25% penetration now. And, of course, the benefit of mass spec, you get an additional sort of 15 to 20 tests that you can do with the same sample. So that's where we think the penetration is. On birth rates, it's been sort of low single digits as I think we've talked about in the beginning of the year. We knew we'd come off a very strong 2016. So when Andy talks about the strong growth in newborn, it's really coming from menu expansion and to a large extent it's the expansion of mass spec penetration. And then I also alluded to the fact that we're seeing good uptake of the GSP which is the automated platform. So penetration now at 90%. Birth rates are sort of moderating in the low single digits. It's really coming from menu expansion.
Isaac Ro: Got it. And then just a follow-up on capital deployment. You guys have obviously been very proactive in reshaping the portfolio with the Medical Imaging divestiture. And at the same time, you've been pretty disciplined about acquisitions just given how expensive assets are. So if you had to probability weight the likelihood that something maybe bigger than Tulip, something more significant on the earning side comes through in the next, let's say, 6 to 12 months; is that decent possibility, low possibility? Just kind of curious -
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. It's tough to put probabilities on these, right? Because there's a lot of things that can sort of cause problems. But I think we feel pretty good about the probability of getting something done here in the next three to six months.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel from Cowen & Co. Your line is now open.
Doug Schenkel: All right. Good afternoon, guys, and thank you for taking my questions.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Doug Schenkel: I think I only have two or three quick ones. The first one on  another follow-up on newborn screening. You mentioned the opportunity in your prepared remarks to expand newborn screening in other emerging markets beyond China. How would you describe the stage of your commercial and broader infrastructure to fully go after that opportunity? The second question is on the academic, government end market. I think you indicated that there was some softness in the quarter. Would you be willing to provide a little more detail on which geographies were weaker than expected? And my last question is just in the context of guidance. My impression was, coming into the year, that you've acknowledged you're somewhat dependent on the industrial end market improving to get to your guidance. You sounded pretty positive on how industrial was trending during the quarter. But it sounds like maybe you're a little less dependent on industrial improving to actually get to your goals for the year. Is that the right way to think about things? I will stop there and get back in the queue. Thank you.
Robert F. Friel: Okay, great. So as far as commercialization in newborn, I think we're in a very good position here. We've been operating internationally in newborn for a long period of time. We distribute or sell our products in 93 countries. And so when we look at the opportunities, I would say right now in the short term, we talked about India. I think that will be  it's a significant opportunity, but it'll probably ramp over a number of years. The other ones that we're in fairly active discussions with is Indonesia and Vietnam. And then I think when you get sort of to the 2018 timeframe, we actually think there are some interesting opportunities in Russia. And I think in all of those, I don't think the barrier is going to be our commercial capabilities. So I think as we look at the runway for newborn screening in emerging markets, we feel good about our ability to sort of support that from an infrastructure standpoint. Having said that, I don't want to sort of ignore the developed markets because I think there are some nice opportunities there as well. We think probably as we get toward the end of this year, early 2018; we'll come out with an LSD assay panel and eventually get that CE-IVD as well. So I think when you look across newborn screening, there's a nice path over the foreseeable future to sort of continue to grow that in the sort of high single digits. The second question was around the academic market, I believe, and what we've seen from a geographic perspective. And we saw actually strength in Europe. The U.S. was down sort of mid to high single digits. And actually, APAC was down a little bit. So that was the geographic split of our academic business. Again, it was largely in Europe. I think there was some episodic sales there that probably drove that to some extent. And maybe Andy wants to comment on some of the specifics.
Frank Anders Wilson: Sure. Well, I was just going to talk about the industrial piece because you had indicated that it was a part of our guidance. We going into the year did not expect significant improvement. And I think we're encouraged up to this point given the flat performance in the first quarter. It looks like the order trends are supporting that. And I think the new products that we're going to launch in DAS are going to also be helpful. So I think maybe at this stage, we're a bit more confident in the industrial piece of our guidance. But we remain cautious because it's still fairly early in the year.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. And I think what you may be recalling is when we talked about 2017, I think that we were concerned about  because industrial has been challenging for us particularly in the back half of the year. But we didn't want it to get any worse, right? So I think if we saw continued deterioration in industrial, that would have been challenging for us, we believe, to continue to get our organic growth rate up to 4%. But to Andy's point, I think we're encouraged by what we see at least through the first quarter of this year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk from Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
William R. Quirk: Great. Thank you and good afternoon. A couple of questions. First is, I guess, going back to India and the potential there for newborn screening. Is there any way  and I realize that we've got slightly different call points in different organizations. But to what extent can you guys leverage Tulip and their relationships to try to accelerate your penetration there?
Robert F. Friel: I think we can. When we announced the acquisition of Tulip, we talked about the fact that while we're excited about the product suite and the current channel that they have, we do think there's an opportunity to leverage Tulip because some of their products, they're actually going into the hospital labs. And so we think there's an opportunity there. The other thing that I alluded to was we're seeing actually some demand coming from the private labs to do newborn screening. So we do think there's an opportunity to sort of leverage that a little bit more. And actually, they are calling on some of the pharma customers as well. And so we think there's a potential to leverage it actually on the DAS side.
William R. Quirk: Interesting. And then secondly just on the restructuring. You had mentioned that you're continuing to look at some selected divestitures. In baseball parlance, Rob, can you give us a sense as to what inning we're in here in the overall strategic realignment?
Robert F. Friel: I would say probably  it's still fairly early from the standpoint of significant divestitures. And I think what we (39:30) said for 2017, I do not anticipate seeing anything of the size of Medical Imaging. I think what we're looking at right now is sort of maybe some relatively small product lines. So I think to see more significant divestitures would require us to be more successful on the acquisition side.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Knight from Janney. Your line is now open.
William March: Hey, guys. This is actually Bill on for Paul. How are you doing?
Frank Anders Wilson: Good.
Robert F. Friel: Good. How are you?
William March: Good. Maybe if you could just talk a little bit about your oncology segment and the NGS workflow. Illumina announced that they were getting out of that segment. So maybe just opportunities to capture market and just your positioning within that market.
Robert F. Friel: So as we've talked about it in the past, our really strategy around here is sort of encircle the box, if you will, or encircle the sequencer. And we think we've built a nice capability in and around sort of sample preparation, automation, library preparation and those types of steps that are required. And in particular with the addition of Bioo Scientific, I think it brought us some really strong capabilities there. So I think that what we're really trying to focus now is to take those capabilities that we have and target those after very specific applications and looking to extend our workflow capabilities so that we can, basically from sample to sequencer, have a very efficient workflow. And so potentially there's an opportunity with Illumina sort of realigning their priorities to continue to take share there.
William March: Got it. And then maybe just more holistically on the Diagnostics segment. That business is running at around a 30% operating margin. Can you maybe just talk about the maturity of that portfolio and how you guys think about maintaining a really high margin as opposed to investing in some of these newer products and categories that are a focus for you guys? Thanks. Have a good one.
Robert F. Friel: I think it's a constant balance between making sure that we are investing at the appropriate level but then also driving the growth and the efficiencies in our operating processes to make sure that we're continuing to get better. I think one of the benefits of the Diagnostics business is it has a very high percentage of reagents. So some 90%-plus of the revenue now is coming from reagents. So you get significant incremental flow-through when you grow. So as long as we can continue to grow at high single digits and get good flow-through from the profitability, I think it still allows us to do a fair amount of investing into R&D or building our capabilities from a distribution perspective.
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah. I don't see Diagnostics anywhere near operating margin maturity. And as Rob mentioned, I think there's fairly significant incrementals on the higher volume. We are cognizant of the fact that we got to continue to invest. And that's why in my prepared remarks we talked about operating margins growing at a slightly lower pace than DAS because of those investments. But I think we think long term, there's still operating margin expansion opportunities in that segment.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon -
Jack Meehan: Rob, I was wondering could you provide some additional color on trends in the U.S. market? And then what you're seeing here in terms of birth rate?
Robert F. Friel: So when you say U.S. market, are you talking about sort of globally all our products or just specific to newborn?
Jack Meehan: Both. I think you mentioned in the prepared remarks a low single-digit decline in the Americas. Is that right?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, that's right.
Jack Meehan: And then within that is  so maybe just U.S. in aggregate and then birth rate specifically.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So if you look at birth rates, our data would suggest that birth rates in the U.S. are up about 1.5% when you look at first quarter of 2016 versus first quarter of 2017. So a slight increase in birth rates. If you looked at our newborn or reproductive health business, it was down slightly year-over-year. I think the biggest driver of that was a very difficult comp. There was very strong growth in the first quarter of 2016. So we still think if you look at the full year, we'll grow in the U.S. probably mid to high single digits.
Jack Meehan: Great. And then I was just wondering if you could give us an update in terms of blood screening and where you thought we were in terms of the penetration within China and the growth for that business too. Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: So we saw very strong growth in that business in 2016, if you recall, as we placed the instruments out into the various testing labs. Our expectation is for 2017, that's going to moderate as it goes against some very difficult comps. So what we're seeing in Haoyuan or the blood screening business in China is lower growth. And actually, for first quarter, it was actually down a little bit, but higher margins. Because what we're selling now is basically reagents. And so I would say at this point, you're not going to see the significant instrument placements that we saw in 2015-2016. And you'll see a more normalized growth, which we still think could be significant as the Chinese ramp up more blood screening. But we are, for 2017, psyching up against very strong growth as we're placing those instruments out into the lab. Having said that, our Diagnostics business grew north of 20% in China.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Derik de Bruin: Hi. Good afternoon.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Derik de Bruin: So a couple of questions. So first off, you mentioned something about the Vanadis assay. Could you give us some thoughts on how you're thinking about pricing that assay? The first question.
Robert F. Friel: Well, you know what, we haven't, Derik, gone into the pricing yet. I think we're going to wait until we get closer to launching it into the marketplace. So we're not really discussing pricing right now. I think one of the things that we've talked about though is the goal is to try and be competitive both from a workflow perspective and a price with biochemical screening.
Derik de Bruin: Yeah, fair enough. Remind me what the margins are in the OneSource business.
Robert F. Friel: Well, OneSource now we are sort of rebranding as our entire service business now. So when we talk about OneSource  I talked about it in my remarks  it's $600 million large service business. So our service margins are a little bit higher than the corporate average.
Derik de Bruin: Got it, okay. That's what I thought. Forgive me if I missed it, but did you say anything about what you were thinking about your 3% to 4% organic revenue growth guides, what's  if that's embedded for the segment organic revenue growth? What's your embedded expectation again?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I don't know that Andy talked to it, but I think you're going to see closer rates between DAS and Diagnostics. And one of the reasons is so they will be closer alike than  for example, this quarter was sort of 8% and 2%. And the reason for that is, I think, that Diagnostics grew, Andy, what, 12% last year or something?
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah.
Robert F. Friel: So they've got a tough comp in Q2. So I think you'll see very similar growth rate is at least what we're forecasting between DX and DAS in Q2.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Catherine Schulte from Robert & Baird (sic) [Robert W. Baird]. Your line is now open.
Emily G. Stent: Hi, you guys. This is actually Emily on for Catherine. Just want to touch on first  so after divesting Medical Imaging, can you break out your new exposure by end market by pharma, academic, diagnostics, industrial, applied? I know previously you had said a decent amount of your academics exposure was in Medical Imaging. So just trying to true-up what the new model looks like.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. And I'll start and then Andy can just  so think of diagnostics and pharma biotech as sort of equal at around 30%. Then you've got sort of academic and government at sort of 10% and industrial on that range as well. Maybe the way to think about it is industrial, academic, food and environmental safety are all roughly around 10%. Makes it pretty easy.
Emily G. Stent: Okay, perfect. Yeah, it does. And then I don't really recall if you said this earlier on your call, but could you walk us through what's embedded in your guidance assumptions for growth rates by end market for the year?
Robert F. Friel: For the year, for 2017?
Emily G. Stent: Yes.
Robert F. Friel: Hold on a second. So I think we're looking at pharma and biotech sort of mid single. We have academic and industrial sort of flattish. Environmental similarly sort of mid single and then food high single. So that would make up the sort of DAS split. And then within Diagnostics, I think we talked about it. I think it was 7% for the year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Brokmeier from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open.
Bryan Brokmeier: Hi. Good morning or good afternoon. In your prepared remarks you talked about the automated GSP adoption in China as enabling the menu expansion. Where are you today for the number of tests on average that are being tested in China? And how does that vary across sort of the larger hospitals or the coastal cities versus other parts of the country?
Robert F. Friel: So I had mentioned a little bit before that 90% penetration in China right now. Think of that as about 70% of those are screening for two to four disorders and about 20% to 25% is doing the mass spec and the GSP, either/or. And that's going to take you up closer to like low 20s. So we've got about a fifth of the babies being screened in the sort of low 20s and the remainder in low single digits. And the split is largely going to be sort of east coast-west coast. So largely on the east coast is where you're going to see the higher screening. And as you got out more into the western part of China, you're going to see the lower number of tests.
Bryan Brokmeier: Okay. And could you update us on where you are in India? I think previously you'd indicated that you had one or two regions that had adopted and a bunch of other that were in pilot programs.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So India is still relatively slow ramp-up. I would say less than 5% of newborns are being screened in India. And I would say the uptake is  as far as sort of official programs, it's still at the sort of two to three stage. There's a number of ones that are in pilot programs. But a lot of these pilots, rather than being done statewide, have a tendency to be in institutions. So they may be in universities; they may be in medical institutions, et cetera. So a lot of the pilots, we'll just have to see how they ramp up. But as I think we've said on a number of occasions, while India is a significant opportunity with 27 million births; I think it's going to be a fairly slow ramp.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, for closing remarks.
Robert F. Friel: Great. Well, first of all, thank you for your questions. And as I said before, I think we're off to a solid start to the year and encouraged by the progress we are making to drive innovation while achieving profitable growth and advancing our mission. So we appreciate your interest in PerkinElmer and wish you a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the PerkinElmer Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Tommy Thomas: Thank you, Takiya. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings conference call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note that this webcast is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until February 16, 2017. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statement that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change, so you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in the attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. As a reminder, we have announced the divestiture of Medical Imaging business in the fourth quarter of 2016, moving the operating results of that business into discontinued operations. Our results will not be comparable to our previously issued guidance. To help reconcile the differences, we have posted a deck to the Investor Relations section of our website to help bridge your results and our results. I am now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. The fourth quarter of 2016 was a busy one for PerkinElmer as we announced a number of changes to better position the company strategically and operationally. As a result, as Tommy mentioned, we put together several charts to help guide investors through our financial results in an attempt to clarify those results and minimize confusion given the number of moving pieces. While Andy will walk through the details shortly, in summary, I was very pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter. Revenue for the fourth quarter after adjusting for incremental foreign exchange headwinds came in as we expected. However, our operating margin expansion, adjusted EPS, and cash flow all exceeded our expectations, reflecting better operating efficiency in our manufacturing facilities and improving mix with increased sales of consumables. As you've seen this afternoon, our financial results now have our Medical Imaging business classified in discontinued operations and our segment reporting now reflects the new organizational structure we announced in Q4 last year. Based on this split, our Diagnostics segment grew organic revenue by 7% in the fourth quarter and Discovery and Analytical Solutions, or DAS, declined 1% organically, resulting in the overall corporation growing organic revenue by 1%. For the full year, we grew organic revenue by 2%, as Diagnostics grew 8% and Discovery and Analytical Solutions was flat. During 2016, we expanded adjusted operating margins by 140 basis points to 18.6%. At the same time, we increased R&D spending as a percentage of sales by 50 basis points to further fuel innovation and increase our ability to introduce solutions-focused new products. I was also particularly pleased to see that we drove significant gross margin improvement of 110 basis points, which we have highlighted as a critical component to our future margin expansion plans. On the bottom line, we grew full year adjusted earnings per share by 12% to $2.60, or $2.76 if the results of Medical Imaging are included. Moreover, in 2016 we delivered very strong operating cash flow of $350 million, or $324 million from continuing operations. Overall, our positive performance last year was a result of both our strategic investments and operational initiatives, even amid pockets of challenging macroeconomic conditions and incremental foreign exchange headwinds. Since 2010, our adjusted operating margin has expanded 600 basis points, resulting in an increase in adjusted EPS and cash flow of over 130% during this period of time. During the year, we returned over $180 million in cash to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases and signed or closed four acquisitions representing about $350 million in value. We closed Vanadis in July last year, giving us access to a potentially disruptive technology in the area of non-invasive prenatal screening. And we have since significantly ramped up the investment and market awareness of this exciting technology. We acquired Bioo Scientific, expanding our food detection capabilities as well as our genomics offerings for enabling next-generation sequencing. Our acquisition of Delta Instruments also broadened our food franchise, with market-leading analyzers for dairy testing. In December, we signed a contract to acquire the Tulip Group, which closed this week positioning PerkinElmer as a significant in vitro diagnostic provider in India. Based in Goa, Tulip is one of India's largest domestic providers of diagnostic reagents, kits, and instruments to a customer base of 30,000 diagnostic labs and government and private healthcare facilities. As you recall, we've been actively examining our portfolio to more acutely position PerkinElmer for accelerating growth. I feel we made significant progress in 2016 in our evolution, as we took important steps to fundamentally shift our portfolio and organizational focus. We've become much more discriminating with incremental investment dollars and are directing more resources towards our key focus areas of reproductive health, emerging market diagnostics, food safety, and pharmaceutical services. During the year, we announced three divestitures: NTD Labs, LABWORKS, and Medical Imaging to better sharpen our focus and allow us to redeploy $300 million in areas more aligned with our growth priorities. To facilitate and accelerate this evolution, we created a more effective operating structure to align with our customer requirements. By forming two distinct segments  Discovery & Analytical Solutions and Diagnostics  we've created larger, more unified R&D commercial teams in VAS to better facilitate a realignment of the business. Diagnostics can now focus its effort on our clinically oriented customers and opportunities to expand our addressable market. In addition, by combining our key capabilities and talents in the genomics space, we are already unlocking technical and commercial synergies in a meaningful way. This allows us more precision in our commercial structure and customer approach. From a global accounts perspective, because we now sell into end service or end markets with one organization, we are better equipped to offer a full suite of solutions for our top customers. For example, our OneSource service and informatics teams now seamlessly work together with what was once our former and environmental health commercial team to strategically partner with key pharmaceutical accounts, regardless of the number of departments or labs that might be involved and the spectrum of customer business challenges to address. The power of our combined service and informatics offerings is helping bring drugs to market faster, while also improving the productivity capabilities of 8,000 labs around the globe. Another important priority last year was to continue to step up our efforts in fostering innovation. As I mentioned previously, in 2016 we increased our spending on R&D as well as made a number of organizational changes and invested in new tools to facilitate growth. During 2016, we launched several novel products, building upon our core capabilities in detection, imaging, informatics and service, including the QSight triple quad, the Operetta CLS High-Content Imaging System, Avio 200 ICP-OES, Signals for Translational, and a cloud-enabled version of ChemDraw. In addition, we are expanding both our menu for newborn screening and our geographic reach, as we win new and incremental business around the globe. Most recently, we won our first contract for SCIDs testing in Spain. And as I reflect on the year, we are most proud of the difference we are making on the lives of newborns and their families, having now cumulatively screened 560 million babies and helping save an average of 70 babies every day. Another important aspect of our growth priorities last year was an increased focus on our customers. During 2016, we made a number of investments to get closer to our customers, including the opening of customer knowledge centers in Taipei and Singapore and the launch of our diagnostics lab in Chennai, India. During 2016, we achieved a 10-year milestone with our largest pharma customer, surpassing 300,000 service events and 6,000 e-notebook users at 14 global sites. And in China, our clinical lab in Xuzhou, which provides hospitals and patients with lab services for newborn, prenatal, and infectious disease testing, reached a run rate of 160,000 tests annually by the end of 2016. Our continued success requires us to consistently improve how we manufacture and deliver solutions to customers. And I'm pleased to report that we have made significant progress this year in advancing operational excellence. Our global operations team's goals to reduce waste, lower material costs, infuse Lean principles into our processes and increase productivity across manufacturing have contributed to meaningful product quality improvements, gross margin expansion, and improved customer service. As I mentioned previously, we experienced a significant gross margin increase through a number of actions, including a reduction in material costs by 4.5%, the localization of production in China, and supplier consolidation. Other cost of sales was reduced by 50 basis points as a percentage of sales through the increased focus on quality, better absorption and reduced cost. Through the implementation of Lean manufacturing principles, over 50,000 square feet of space and 117,000 labor hours have been freed up to create capacity for growth and to in-source selective components. Clearly, 2016 was a year in which we elevated PerkinElmer's technological, operational, and organizational capabilities. We enter 2017 with a number of exciting developments that will strengthen PerkinElmer's future growth and profitability. The sale of our Medical Imaging business will strengthen PerkinElmer by reducing revenue volatility and enabling us to focus our efforts and investments on core Diagnostics and Discovery & Analytical Solutions opportunities. For 2017, our strategic priorities have evolved to not only enable us to meet our financial objectives, but just as importantly help us increase our impact on the world. First, this year we are amplifying how we innovate through more targeted R&D as well as innovating alongside external collaborators across our end markets. A key differentiator for PerkinElmer is the incremental value we bring to our customers by providing them with complete solutions, uniquely developed to meet business critical needs. We remain committed to innovating across our core capabilities and product lines and maintaining gross share across our served market. Second, essential to creating breakthrough solutions is understanding our customers' most difficult problems and most challenging needs. By evolving and innovating how and where customers need us, we will be better positioned to enhance the customer experience and increase long-term customer loyalty. Third, from an operational standpoint we will continue to implementation of Lean to support product quality improvements, expand gross margins, and even augment our customer service processes. Furthermore, this year our goal to advance our operational excellence will pair with our objectives to widen PerkinElmer's global reach and diversity of talent. Turning now to our guidance. We are forecasting overall end-market conditions to be similar to what we experienced in the latter part of 2016. However, we are increasing our organic revenue forecast to 4% to reflect a strong pipeline of new products, and the fact that the majority of the organizational realignment is behind us. Consistent with our goal to achieve 22% adjusted operating margins in 2020, we are forecasting adjusted operating margin expansion of 70 to 90 basis points, and at the midpoint of our guidance, adjusted earnings per share growth of 11% on a constant currency basis or 8% on a reported basis. So before I turn the call over to Andy, let me reiterate our takeaways from the year. We executed well to deliver strong financial performance, continuing a trend of significant margin expansion and EPS growth. Through organization and portfolio changes, we are better positioned to grow and we have strengthened our operational capabilities. And I'm confident that we have built a strategic and leadership foundation to accelerate the evolution of PerkinElmer, while at the same time delivering on our commitments to all of our stakeholders. I'd now like to turn the call over to Andy.
Frank Anders Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. Consistent with previous quarters, I'll provide for additional color on our end-markets, a financial summary of our fourth quarter and full year 2016 results, as well as details around our 2017 guidance for the first quarter and full year. Given that we have announced a new segment reporting structure of Diagnostics and Discovery & Analytical Solutions, as well as the pending divestiture of our Medical Imaging business, we've uploaded restated historical financial data onto our website at perkinelmer.com to help you reconcile our results with your models. In addition, as Rob mentioned, we posted a brief slide presentation, entitled Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Release, which I will be referring to in my prepared remarks. Both of these presentations can be found in the Investors section of our website. My commentary today will focus on these new segments and, unless specifically noted, will exclude the results of Medical Imaging, which is now reflected in discontinued operations. As a reminder, effective October 3, 2016, the company's Diagnostics business, focused on reproductive health, infectious disease, and oncology, became a standalone segment seeking to better meet the needs of clinically oriented customers in regulated markets. In addition to our chemagen DNA extraction portfolio, our oncology offering incorporates a combination of NGS-enabling technologies, including microfluidics and automation previously accounted for in our life science and solutions business. The remaining products within the legacy of life science and solutions business were combined with our environmental health business to form the Discovery and Analytical Solutions segment, focusing on life sciences, food, industrial and environment markets. For the fourth quarter of 2016, we reported organic revenue growth of approximately 1%. As we mentioned on our earnings call in January of last year, we had a significant licensing revenue in the fourth quarter of 2015 that created a headwind of approximately 1%. FX negatively impacted revenue growth by 1.3%, and the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures in the quarter was de minimis. Referring to the slide presentation I just mentioned, if you turn to page 3, adjusted revenue from continuing operations was $567 million. On a pro forma basis, including $35 million in revenue from the discontinued Medical Imaging business and the negative impact of approximately $10 million of incremental currency headwinds versus our original fourth quarter guidance, adjusted revenues would have been $612 million. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations for the fourth quarter was $0.83, as compared to $0.81 in the comparable period a year ago. On a pro forma basis, we delivered $0.89 per share, reflecting approximately $0.03 per share for the discontinued Medical Imaging business as well as approximately $0.03 a share for incremental foreign exchange headwinds since we last gave guidance. As Rob mentioned, the trends we saw through the first three quarters of 2016 continued through the fourth quarter, specifically ongoing strength in our four key areas of focus, including reproductive health, emerging market diagnostics, food and biopharma services, we saw improving demand as well in the academic and government markets. Analytical equipment sales into industrial and environment end markets remains sluggish, but stabilized somewhat in the quarter. Looking at our geographic results for the fourth quarter, we experienced high single-digit organic revenue growth in Asia, flat revenue growth in Europe, and low single-digit declines in the Americas with continued weakness, specifically in industrial. In the BRIC region, fourth quarter organic revenue increased high single digits versus the same period last year, driven by continued strength in China diagnostics and analytical equipment sales as well as double-digit organic DAS sales growth in India offset by declines in Brazil and Russia. On a positive note, organic revenue declines in Brazil and Russia look to be stabilizing. As to our operating results, fourth quarter 2016 gross margins were up 90 basis points, driven primarily by mix and continued productivity improvements, a result our successful Lean initiatives. For the fourth quarter, adjusted SG&A was down 80 basis points, driven by the success of our indirect spend initiatives, while R&D spend was up 120 basis points, this was prior to the same period a year ago, primarily a result of ongoing investments in Vanadis. As a result, our overall adjusted operating margin from continuing operations expanded by 60 basis points. Switching to the new reporting segments for the quarter, Diagnostics organic revenue growth grew approximately 7% as compared to the same period a year ago. Strength in reproductive health in both China and the Americas was a key driver of this growth and was augmented by demand for our advanced genomic solutions, which was up high-single digits. Organic revenue in our Discovery and Analytical Solutions business was down modestly as compared to the prior period. Overall revenue was impacted by low teens growth in food, mid-single-digit growth in academic markets with expected declines in industrial and environmental. Pharma and biotech experienced low single-digit growth, driven once again by strong OneSource results. As Rob mentioned earlier, we've made significant strides in reshaping the company in 2016 for all of our stakeholders, and I'd like to go over some of the highlights for the year. Turning to slide 4 of the presentation materials, for the full year 2016, we reported approximately 2% organic revenue growth, with foreign exchange representing a headwind of approximately 1% with minimal impact from acquisitions and divestitures. Full year adjusted revenue from continuing operations was approximately $2.12 billion as compared to $2.11 billion in 2015. On a pro forma basis, including $146 million in revenue for the discontinued Medical Imaging business and $10 million from incremental FX headwinds, adjusted revenue would have been $2.27 billion. Full year adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations was $2.60, up 12% from $2.33 in 2015. On a pro forma basis, including $0.16 per share for the discontinued Medical Imaging business and $0.03 per share from the incremental FX headwinds, full year adjusted earnings per share would have been $2.79 per share. Looking at our geographic results for the year, we experienced double-digit organic revenue growth in Asia, flat organic revenue growth in Europe, and a low single-digit organic decline in the Americas, again driven largely by softer industrial sales. In the BRIC region, full-year 2016 organic revenues increased low double-digit compared to 2015, with low-to-mid-teens organic revenue growth in China and India, flat revenue in Russia, and soft demand in Brazil, which was down double-digits. Looking at our total emerging market sales, organic revenues were up high single-digit for the full-year, and sales in these regions have been consistently resilient over the last four years, a testament to the criticality of the products we sell into these parts of the world. Turning to slide 5, as to our operating results, full-year reported adjusted gross margins were 49.4%, up 110 basis points. As Rob mentioned, this increase was driven primarily by a continued mix shift into our focus growth areas and productivity gains which contributed to a mid-single-digit reduction in material cost as we shift procurement activities to lower cost countries and continue our ongoing supplier consolidation. Strategy deployment and Lean activities further expanded gross margins by an additional 50 basis points as we were able to drive better out-of-box quality, and reduce overall manufacturing expenses. We are in the early innings of strategy deployment in Lean, and we remain confident in our ability to continue to expand gross margins by more than 50 basis points per year. Full-year reported SG&A, adjusted SG&A was 24.9% of adjusted revenues, down 80 basis points over the same period a year ago, driven by indirect spend initiatives and prudent cost controls. As noted earlier, full year research and development spending was higher by approximately $12 million, as compared to 2015, driven primarily by investments and innovative new products including the Vanadis non-invasive prenatal screening offering; and the IONICS mass spectrometer focused on food and environmental safety applications. We are very excited about the potential these technology acquisitions represent and continue to be encouraged by the progress made in expanding our addressable market. Overall, we were pleased with our operational performance for the full year, as we expanded our reported adjusted operating margins over 140 basis points, in spite of incremental R&D investments of 50 basis points as referenced earlier. Below the line, full year net interest and other expense was up modestly to $45 million and our full year adjusted tax rate was approximately 18%. Turning to the balance sheet, we finished the year with approximately $1 billion of debt and nearly $360 million of cash. We exited the quarter with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of approximately 1.6 times. Turning to cash flow, I'm very pleased to report that we once again had a record quarter of operating cash flow from continuing operations and a full year of $324 million, up 22% over the comparable period in 2015. We experienced continued working capital improvement with better cash collections and lower inventory requirements. Free cash flow for 2016 including Medical Imaging was also very strong at $319 million, up 23% versus the prior year and 6% ahead of our full year free cash flow commitment of $300 million. As we look ahead to 2017 and beyond, we believe we can continue to realize additional gains in this area through the expanded use of Lean tools to more effectively leverage our working capital needs. To wrap up 2016, we are pleased with our strong operational progress in a slow growth environment, driving adjusted earnings per share growth from continuing operations up 12% as reported. Looking ahead to 2017, we continue to believe we are well positioned to deliver another solid financial performance and see a path to improving organic growth driven by continued mix, new product introductions, and more favorable comparisons. As a result, looking at slide 6 of the presentation, we expect full-year 2017 reported revenue to be in the range of $2.19 billion to $2.2 billion. And as Rob mentioned, this represents organic revenue growth of 4%, which includes approximately $40 million in foreign exchange headwinds and approximately $30 million from our recent acquisition of Tulip, an India-based diagnostics company. Full-year adjusted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $2.75 to $2.85, which represents approximately 8% to 12% constant currency adjusted earnings per share growth from continuing operations. On a pro forma basis, including 16% of earnings per share related to our Medical Imaging business, which is now a discontinued operation, adjusted earnings per share would have been $2.91 to $3.01. Implicit in this guidance range is adjusted gross margin expansion of approximately 60 basis points and continued SG&A leverage with a modest increase in R&D resulting in adjusted operating margin expansion of 70 to 90 basis points. Our full-year guidance assumes net interest expense and other of $50 million, an adjusted tax rate of 18%, and a weighted average share count of approximately 110 million shares. For the first quarter of 2017, we are forecasting reported revenue to be in the range of $500 million to $510 million, which represents organic revenue growth of 2% to 3% with FX representing a headwind of approximately 2%. Note in the first quarter of 2016, Medical Imaging's contribution to revenues and adjusted earnings per share was approximately $41 million and $0.05, respectively. As a result, our first quarter 2017 adjusted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.52 to $0.54. This concludes my prepared remarks. We'd like to open it up for questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan: Hi. Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Yeah. I want to get your perspective on the industrial end-market and just what the performance was in the quarter and then your outlook for 2017 and whether  within that, whether you saw any improvement in terms of the order book in the fourth quarter?
Robert F. Friel: So for us the industrial end-market was down in 2016 sort of depending on whether it's Q4 or the full-year somewhere between 3% to 5%. And I think, as we mentioned in the beginning of the year, we experienced strong growth in the industrial market in 2015. If you recall, I think we were up mid-single-digits, so we actually anticipated industrial being sort of flat to low single-digits, but I would say we were disappointed by the fact that we ended the year actually down, like I said, sort of in the 3% to 5% range. I think part of that was market, part of that was execution on not getting a couple of new products out, particularly in the back-half of the year, as we would have liked and so consequently, I think that that cost us a couple of points of growth. As we think about 2017, we're forecasting industrial to grow low single-digits, and I would say that's not as much of a market phenomenon, although I would say we are seeing some early indications that that market is improving, but we attribute the improvement in 2017 more to our own execution from the perspective of getting the new products out. One of the products that actually slipped was the NexION, which is a new ICP-MS, that was actually launched two weeks ago. So we feel good that got out in the marketplace and it's getting good receptivity in the market. So I would say for 2017, we're anticipating an improvement in industrial growth, but the majority of that should come from our own execution as compared to the market.
Jack Meehan: Great. Yeah. That's great color. And then, Andy, I think I caught the share count guidance of 110 million. Maybe could you just walk through some of the proceeds for Medical Imaging, and then what you're assuming in terms of capital deployment for the year?
Frank Anders Wilson: Well, I think at this stage, we are anticipating closing sometime after April, so we still have some time to decide what we want to do with those proceeds. It's about $265 million of proceeds; we've announced that. And I think at this stage, we noted the dilution that was provided, and I think we believe that we will cover the majority of that dilution either through share buybacks or through acquisitions, and then I will probably have more to say on that as we get closer to closing on the sale, and we'll be very transparent with that communication.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tycho W. Peterson: Hey, thanks. I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit more about the 4% organic growth expectations for the year. How much do you guys expect from new products? You do a pretty good job typically quantifying that. And then it sounds like, Andy, you mentioned that academic got better, which is somewhat in contrast to what we hear from peers, so just wondering if you can elaborate on that?
Robert F. Friel: So as I think about the move from call it 2% in 2016 to 4% in 2017, the majority of that is going to come from, like I said, execution and getting our new products out. So we talked about 2016 of a number of around $40 million. I would say, we probably at the end of the day, fell a little bit short of that. I would say we felt pretty good clearly through the first nine months, but, as I sort of alluded to before, in the back half of the year we had a couple things slip. Two particular products, one actually shipped as I mentioned two weeks ago and one actually started shipping this week, so we feel good about the fact that they're out. But I would say as we think about 2017, really starting with the products that are shipping now and really looking more in the sort of Q2, we think we're going to have another strong year of new products and actually probably something closer to $50 million as compared to the $40 million that we expected in 2016. So that is a big contributor to the improvement in the growth year-over-year. As we think about it by market, I mentioned the fact that we're looking for a fairly significant improvement on the industrial side. I would say the other market that we're looking for is environmental, which historically has been a good market for us. It was also down in 2016 and our expectation is that returns to a positive grower. So I would say that's really the majority of the improvement when you think about the 2016 to 2017 increase in organic growth, and a lot of that we believe will be fueled by new products.
Frank Anders Wilson: On the academic side, I mean we had a fairly easy comp, we did see some  and some of our instruments are typically high-value instruments and we saw some growth in our high-content screening pathology products, which were beneficial in the quarter. This was probably our best quarter in academic for the year.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, as Andy mentioned, a lot of our academic exposure is in more of the Imaging area, which is, as you know, Tycho, are large ticket items. So you can, from quarter-to-quarter, you can see things move around because of the lumpiness of those orders in sales.
Tycho W. Peterson: And then lastly, can you maybe just give us a framework for M&A this year as you think about it?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think we want to do  I think we mentioned the fact that we did four deals in 2016 with about $350 million of value, and of course that includes the earnouts as well. I mean we'd like to do more than that this year. As Andy mentioned, we've got  we think a very strong balance sheet. We'll have the cash coming in from Medical Imaging. So we think we're well positioned financially to be aggressive. I think the other side of it is, I think we feel very good about the sort of operational capability and organizational capability we have, so that we could take on additional complexity. So we've got a pretty full pipeline and I would be disappointed if we weren't able to do more significant M&A in 2017 that we did in 2016.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Doug Schenkel: Hey. Good afternoon. My first question is on the fourth quarter and then I want to come back with a follow-up on new products. So, first on the fourth quarter. Under the new reporting segment structure, organic growth was 1%. This was with Medical Imaging eliminated as a drag on growth. You guided investors to model low single-digit organic revenue growth and most were looking for around 2% with imaging as a drag. So, I'm sorry if I missed it, but could you just walk through where you came up a little light of growth expectations in the quarter or were there timing dynamics, is that why you feel at least in part confident that you can see the acceleration of growth that you're guiding to in 2017.
Robert F. Friel: Actually, when you look at the guidance that we put out  I guess it was in November  we talked about low single-digit growth. Actually, the numbers I think were 0% to 2% is actually what we were guiding to do, so when we came it an 1%, we felt like we came in at about where we had sort of guided. To your point, Medical Imaging was a headwind, but really doesn't round either sort of up or down. We would have been 1% with or without Medical Imaging. But having said that, we guided $610 million to $620 million, and I think Andy showed a chart that said we're $612 million, so I would say we are sort of at the bottom end of our guidance, but I think within the amount we talked about. I would say to the extent that things were a little light, they were on the DAS side, and clearly some of the end markets that we've seen all year, so industrial was down sort of mid-single digits, environmental was down mid-single digits, so those are the two that have been the challenging headwind all year, and that was again the case in the fourth quarter. I contrast that with the areas that we saw good growth in year continued to do very well, so we talked about the fact that Diagnostics was up strong, OneSource had a good quarter again, even against a pretty tough comp, and food was strong in the quarter as well. So I think the areas that have done well continued to do well and the areas that were challenging continued to be challenging in Q4. And as I mentioned before, the idea is to turn that around. Some of that I think will be helped by having the realignment behind us and I think the other thing will come from getting some of these new products out into the marketplace.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Super helpful, Rob. And then actually, a good segue to the new products. I just want to see if, one, you'd be able to just provide a little more specificity on what the key new product drivers will be in 2017 and in the context of looking at growth and then just from a math standpoint, it sounds like you guys did something like $30 million to $40 million in new product revenue in 2016 and you're targeting something like $50 million in 2017. So that's obviously around $20 million incremental on that line; that's 75 bps of revenue growth. So is the balance of the 4% target for the year just attributable to better execution and end-market improvements? Is that the right way to think about it?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I think that's exactly the right way to think about it. And again, when I talk about the improved end-markets, my assumption is most of that's going to come from better execution. So we're not really building a lot of I would say market improvement relative to sort of external factors. With regard to the big drivers, I would say in 2017, so we mentioned the fact that two weeks ago, we introduced a product called the NexION 2000. We're quite excited about that; that's the new ICP-MS, that's actually there's been some interesting write-ups about in some of the trade articles, so we're excited about that. We actually introduced the Operetta CLS, which is a high-content imager. That came out in September of last year and that started gaining very nice traction in the marketplace; it's got some unique, I would say, competitive differentiation. It's got this water-immersion lens and very fast mechanics in harmony software. So we feel good about that. We introduced the Avio 200; that was also in the back-half of 2016. That's an ICP-OES and we think that's got the lowest cost of ownership on the market and probably the best analysis uptime. So we're excited about that one, and again that will continue into 2017. And then another product that we're just introducing now is a new quantitative pathology called the Vectra Polaris and we've got significant expectations that  it's the only platform on the market that can detect up to seven colors or in essence six biomarkers on a single tissue section, so that's another one that we feel good about. So there's a couple of other ones later in the year, but those are the ones that I think will  should drive the majority of the $50 million of incremental revenue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Steve C. Beuchaw: Wow, that's a new one. So a couple from me, one on tax and then one on Vanadis. Andy, I wonder if you could just give us a little bit of scenario analysis or war-gaming on the possibilities, as you think about the potential impact for tax reform. Are there scenarios that we might be concerned about, including border adjustability and can you give us a sense for what you think a sort of middle-of-the-road outcome is? And then I guess for Rob on Vanadis. You guys continue to sound excited about the product, sounds like you're getting more excited about it as you see more data. I think you saw a pretty significant amount of data here within the last couple of months. Can you remind us how you frame up the Vanadis opportunity and strategy? Is this an emerging markets product, a global product, is this a product for a subset of disorders or is this a broad NIPT offering? Thanks so much.
Frank Anders Wilson: Maybe I'll start with your question around taxes. As you know, there is still not a lot of clarity around how this is going to settle, although we do hope that there is some movement on tax reform. Right now, we've kind of looked through and done an analysis of the three plans that are out there, the Trump plan, the House plan and there is a third. And they're all fairly similar. I think we do feel like there will be a lower tax rate overall, corporate tax rate, whether it's 25% or 15%, no one really knows. Obviously that's going to be a net positive for us. We do pay taxes in the U.S. As far as being a net importer or exporter, we are a net exporter. We have a fairly large significant amount of revenue that is exported out of the U.S. So that will also be a net positive. And then the third piece, I guess, is around repatriation. A repatriation holiday would obviously be helpful. We have been very successful in the past without one. We've been able to utilize some of our tax attributes to bring money back overseas with very limited cash taxes. So all-in-all, I think we feel like it's going to be a net positive. We've done some detailed analysis and based on what we know today, it's probably about 1 percentage point to 1.25 percentage points to our current tax rate.
Robert F. Friel: And Steve, let me take the second one on Vanadis, and I think you're probably interpreting our tone appropriately. I think we do get increasingly excited about the opportunity here. To answer a couple of your questions, we do see this as more of a broad-based offering as compared to going after specific disorders. When I say broad-based, it's really going to be targeted at sort of 13, 18, 21s, right. The key aspects of prenatal screening. I think the thing that excites us about it is the fact that we believe it's unique in that it is a product that's actually been designed from the beginning for screening. What we're finding  what we believe is some of the applications now are things that were, say in the case of NGS, probably designed for different applications that are trying to be applied in IPT and population screening. And then that  I mean it's got to meet a couple criteria, right. It's got to be simple to use, it's got to be automated, it's got to be accurate, and it's got to be fairly cost effective. And I think that was when Vanadis was put together in design, they were sort of after those characteristics. So I think it's unique in that way relative to what's on the market today. Relative to our sort of how we're thinking about rolling this out from a market perspective, it's going to be driven to a large extent by regulatory requirements. And so the way we think today is initially it will go into Europe as CE IVD, and there's probably some 70 countries that provide some nice opportunity. Simultaneous with that, we'll be seeking CFDA approval in China and in fact we're going to see if we can get this fast-tracked because of the need there as well as we think the uniqueness of our offering. And then probably, and of course as you know that's a significant market, and then probably the third market will be in the U.S., and it will probably be offered there as sort of a kit. But that's probably a little farther out. And we're quite excited about it; we believe we're still on track. We'll see some initial beta units at key opinion leaders, starting in sort of mid-2017, and we still think we're on track for CE IVD approval in early 2018.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Arias with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Daniel Arias: Good afternoon. Thanks, guys. Rob, just going back to the 1% organic for the quarter, can you comment on growth if you just look at the group of businesses that you're investing in heavily versus the group that's less of a priority. How does that split look?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So it was high-single; it was sort of 8% to 9%.
Daniel Arias: And then if you care to touch on where, I mean, obviously I guess we can do the math on what that means. But, just sort of maybe the outlook on the less prioritized stuff, I mean, how do you think about that in 2017, as you  as the portfolio ...
Robert F. Friel: I mean, I think there's three ways to get that growth up. One is we've got to get sort of innovation in new products out. We've got to execute better in the marketplace. And probably the third aspect of it is we will continue to look to prune some of the products that we think are just not a great strategic fit for where we want to take the company. So I think it'll be a combination of all three of those. It's obviously  the first two are more within our control. But we'll look to use all three of those levers.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jonathan Groberg with UBS. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Groberg: Thanks. So, Andy, on the  I just want to make sure I'm 100% clear hear. On the Medical Imaging, the $0.16 is your  it's discontinued, so if the full-year impact is $0.16 and what you're assuming in your initial outlook here is nothing is done with the cash at this point?
Frank Anders Wilson: That's correct. So the guidance we provided assumed no use of those proceeds. And as I mentioned earlier, we will  as we get to the point where we close on the sale of the Medical Imaging business we'll be very clear as to how we employ that. But our intention is to cover the majority of the dilution with either buybacks or acquisitions and we'll be more transparent on that as we move forward.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. Jon, the way I think I would describe it is that, again, because we don't know when it will close, what we've said is think of it as $0.16 impact. So if it closes a third of the year, let's say, that means $0.05, assuming it's linear, will run through our earnings but through discontinued operations. And so I think what Andy is implying is that that $0.11 that's left we'll look to cover the majority of that either through acquisitions that we do or through share buybacks, so that if you look in total between the earnings that run through discontinued and things we do to offset the dilution when it's sold or maybe even before it's sold that we're guiding to say, look, the majority of that $0.16 we looked is offset, it's just that we can't give you a specific split until we know when it closes.
Jonathan Groberg: I just wanted to make sure we were crystal clear on what that $0.16 was. And then on the  I know we've cut this a few different ways, but did I miss, if you just looked at it by your new reporting segments, Diagnostics and DAS, how you're thinking about those growing to hit the 4% next year?
Frank Anders Wilson: Sure. Right now, we see the Diagnostics business really growing at a 7% or so high single-digit type growth rate and then 3% for the DAS business. That gets you to the 4%.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Mishan with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Matthew Mishan: Hey, good afternoon, and thank you for taking the questions. Could you give us a sense of where you are at now with the portfolio as far as the pruning and the divesting goes. Is there  like how much left do you think you have there and is it a big chunk or is it more product line coming out here or there?
Robert F. Friel: I think there was  a question that's always difficult to answer because I think as the company evolves, I think we'll continue to get more discriminating against the sort of products and the technologies we have. So  but I would say, with regard to sales like Medical Imaging, I know, I wouldn't anticipate as we think about 2017 here that we would see another divestiture of that size for 2017. There will be some product line pruning, but I don't think anything of the size of call it $150 million in revenue. Now when we get into 2018 and to 2019, possibly, and I think that will also be dependent on how successful we are on the acquisitions side.
Matthew Mishan: And the 70 to 90 basis points of operating margin expansion you're expecting in 2017, how much of that is just simply mix coming out of Medical Imaging? Was that at or above company average margins?
Robert F. Friel: Well, when we moved Medical Imaging to discontinued now, it doesn't have any impact, right, because we're now comparing numbers in 2016 and 2017 that don't have Medical Imaging in them. So the 70 to 90 basis points has no impact from Medical Imaging leaving.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Barr Willoughby: Hi, good evening. Two different questions for you. First, just your thoughts on your outlook from a geographic standpoint. And then secondly, last quarter, you talked about how some of your product lines were emphasized versus deemphasized and you might have seen a little bit increased employee head count turnover. Just was wondering if you continued to see that through the fourth quarter, if it had any impact on results? Thank you.
Robert F. Friel: So I'll take the second one and then maybe Andy will do the sort of geographic split. So I think that it's hard to tell that answer, right, I mean, we don't have a precise way of measuring, but clearly, when we made the decision, call it sort of third quarter to start to focus on some areas and deemphasize some others, there was some transition within both the sales force and the product manager. I would say the majority of that's behind us. Now we've communicated it, I think, to the people that it impacted and they didn't like it. I think the majority of them have left or got sort of comfortable with the situation. So I think that the majority of that's behind us. It clearly impacted us in Q3 and it probably had a residual impact in Q4 as well. I think we mentioned this before  one of the reasons we announced the realignment on October 1 was we wanted to try and get all of this behind us. So as we entered 2017, any disruption as a result of this  again, it's hard to make the disruption zero, but I think to a large extent, that's behind us. So as we forecast here, and as we enter 2017, our assumption is the organization is well aligned in support of how we're running the company right now, and I don't anticipate any disruption in 2017 as a result of the strategic decisions that were made last year.
Frank Anders Wilson: And I'll answer the other part of the question. By major geography, our expectations, at least that are reflected in our guidance, are the Americas essentially mid single-digit with the U.S. part of that being really low to mid single-digit. Europe we are assuming is going to be low-single digit with high single-digit growth in the APAC region.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Isaac Ro: Good afternoon, guys. Thank you. Andy, I was hoping get a little bit of color from you, as you think about the post-divestiture portfolio, what the incremental margin framework we should put in mind, as we think about a long-term model for the business. Obviously, the fixed cost coming out of the company with the Imaging sale will be pretty reasonable and I just thought it would be helpful to have a framework for incrementals.
Frank Anders Wilson: I think that, as Rob may have mentioned, I think as we look forward, we still believe we can drive 70 to 90 basis points of operating margin expansion consistently. I think that, if you look at this year it was a bit higher, and I think that there'll be years where we are able to drive more than that. I don't think the framework has really changed dramatically without Med Imaging on the bottom-line, but I think it has on the top. I think we're going to have less volatility, and I think net-net over time, we're going to have a steadier and hopefully a better growth rate organically.
Robert F. Friel: So, Isaac, I would say the incremental flow-through is, within the company, is largely dependent on where the growth is coming from. So one of the reasons why the operating margins was as strong as it was in 2016 was because the growth was coming from the Diagnostics side. So I think when you see growth on the Diagnostics side, generally that's got sort of a 45% incremental flow-through or so associated with it. When the growth occurs on the DAS side, it's lower than that; it's probably in the low 30s. So I think as  and of course Medical Imaging was different, but again that's sort of out of things. So I think that's really the determinant of the incremental flow-through; it's really where the growth is coming from.
Frank Anders Wilson: And I think our expectation is that most of the growth is going to come from our focus areas, and those are typically higher margins.
Isaac Ro: Okay. That's really helpful. Thank you, guys. Follow-up here would be on the food safety business; obviously, that's just a great place to be. You guys have done well there. Can you give us a bit of a mark-to-market in terms of roughly how big that business is today for you guys as a percentage of total sales or something in that neighborhood?
Robert F. Friel: It's about $175 million for us right now. To your point, I wish it was a lot larger.
Isaac Ro: All right. Well, you have time for that to happen now that you can keep working on it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
William R. Quirk: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. Couple questions from me. I guess first off in China, have you by any chance seen any impact from some of the new food regulations, and if so, is this contributing to some of the food safety strength? If not, potential driver in the future? And I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I do. It's hard because it's so new. You're talking about the regulations now requiring almost like farm-to-table type of analysis. And I think our leaders there think that there has been some incremental growth attributable to those regulations. So we're fairly optimistic that that will continue to be a driver to the food business in China. But I would say it's in the fourth quarter probably some of the strong food revenue growth was attributable to  clearly it was in China and I think some of it was the new regulatory standards that have come out.
William R. Quirk: Got it. Okay. Fantastic. And then just staying OUS, appreciate the Tulip color around the contribution for 2017. Can you help size the total opportunity in India for us, Rob? Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think when you think about the diagnostics market in India right now, it's relatively small in the scheme of things, right. And we've seen some numbers that says, if you look at the diagnostic tests per capita in India, they are 100th the size that they are in the United States. So when you think about the size of the population, as the sort of technology evolves and I think costs come down, I think that can be a significant opportunity. But just to give you a sense, the diagnostic market in India is probably $1 billion and growing very quickly. So the nice thing we like about Tulip is it gives us significant distribution capabilities. I think I mentioned on my prepared remarks some 30,000 customers. And so we see two great opportunities, one is at some point to take some of the product offering that we have in China, and run that through the channel in India and then also use that channel to help drive our reproductive health growth. And then we'll continue to be aggressive to look at other types of products that we can go through the channel, but we thought it was important to get good access to a market that we're quite excited about.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Luke Sergott: Hey, guys, this is Luke in for Ross. I guess, just looking at now that you have the kind of a greenfield in front of you at 2017 and you're looking at bolstering your high gross businesses. I guess looking at the Diagnostics, I know you're not going to give framework on the size of the deal, but just kind of areas where the portfolio you'd like to fill in?
Robert F. Friel: So, I think, Luke, to your point, I mean Diagnostics is a high priority for us. If you look at the three areas that we play in right now, anything we can do in reproductive health we would like to do. We've got a nice franchise there. I would say also in infectious disease in emerging markets, so we talked a little bit about Tulip, anything we can do to sort of continue to bootstrap those capabilities. And then we'll continue to look for opportunities in the oncology area around enabling technologies. So we think we've got some nice capabilities in the front end of the sequencers, so whether it's DNA extraction or automation or sample preparation. So I would say those are the three areas that we're focused on. The other thing that we continue to look at it is opportunities to expand our addressable market. I would say, when I think about our Diagnostics business, it's a very strong business, but the addressable market needs to be bigger than it is. And so we'll look for adjacencies that we can sort of leverage some of our capabilities into some markets that allow us to grow. What I would say right now, our addressable market in Diagnostics is probably in the $3 billion range, and we've got to make that much larger.
Luke Sergott: Great. That's very helpful. And I guess, turning to biopharma, it's been really strong across all of your peers and with you guys as well. Can you just talk about the order trends that you've been seeing in there at the end of the quarter. If you saw any pause within the larger pharma versus smaller pharma or CapEx spend versus consumables, it would be great.
Robert F. Friel: So as we think about biopharma, I would say the OneSource side, or the service aspect of our business has been very strong; the product side of it is a little mixed, so we have not sort of enjoyed the growth that I would say some of our peers have. And to some extent that's a function of our product mix, right. So I would say on the imaging side, things are going well, and some of the reagent areas, things are going well. But when you get into the plate readers and the radio chemicals and radiometrics that becomes a little bit more challenging. So our growth for biopharma has been low single-digits, maybe in some quarters mid-single digits, but we unfortunately have not seen some of the growth as I mentioned that others have. But to answer your question specifically, we have not seen any indication that it's slowing. We believe pharma will continue to have a strong 2017. It will probably manifest for us, again, more on the service and informatics side than on the product side.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Derik de Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Derik de Bruin: Hi. Good afternoon.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Derik de Bruin: So could you just give us some  first a housekeeping question. So based upon your commentary on Medical Imaging's impact organic revenue growth in Q4, is it safe to assume that when we look at the organic revenue growth in the prior quarters in Q1 for Q3, it's similar to what you reported?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I think in a given quarter, it may  I mean, it may have caused a percent, but think of it as about 7% or 8% of our revenue and it was generally down anywhere from mid-single digits to low-double digits, so when it's  obviously, when it's down mid-single digits, it's less than a percent, but there was  I think Q3 in particular it may have been down low-double digits and at that point, it probably moved it a percent or so. So depending on how it did in the quarter, it could have  it could have moved our organic growth a point.
Derik de Bruin: Okay. And can you just give a little bit more color on Tulip and the opportunities there and long-term goals, what you can do with the margins and just a little bit more color on that business?
Robert F. Friel: Well, it's about  I think it was $35 million in revenue or so and, as I mentioned, it closed this week, so we'll get 11 months or so of the revenue. The margins are, I would say, better than  around corporate average maybe a little bit better than the corporate average. Maybe there is an opportunity to improve those, but I think really the focus is going to be on growth, how do we accelerate the growth. As I mentioned, we think the IBD market is around $1 billion or so and we think that's going to grow fairly significantly. Their offerings are really around call prevention screening and diagnosis for infectious disease, so things like malaria, HIV and hepatitis, so very synergistic with what we do in China with our SYM-BIO acquisition we did a number of years ago. And as I mentioned, the strong products and channel access to over 30,000 customers, diagnostic labs, government, private healthcare facilities, et cetera. So we're quite excited about it. I would say the other thing is, if you go over the last couple of years we've built a nice team within India, within PerkinElmer, and so we feel very good about the ability to integrate this and leverage the capabilities there. I think they've got like 350 sales people and so we'll look to grow that quite significantly. It's a business that has been growing I think low double-digits, and we'll look to accelerate that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bryan Brokmeier with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open.
Bryan Brokmeier: Hi, good afternoon. You had previously indicated in the past that you had about $1 billion in M&A capacity. Now you have the additional $265 million from the Med Imaging business, or you will soon. Would you say that you have $1.3 billion of capacity or is it even higher than that since you've strengthened your balance sheet and cash flow over the last year?
Frank Anders Wilson: We have approximately just under $1 billion of leverage through our revolver, and then we've talked about our cash as being north of $350 million. So you layer on top of it the $265 million and so we're really around $1.5 billion of available, and then if you throw on top of that our free cash flow generation, it's higher another $300 million or so.
Bryan Brokmeier: And staying on M&A, are you focused on accretive deals and could you more broadly remind us of what the criteria is that you focus on?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I would say it starts with, obviously, strong strategic fit, and then we generally look at return, so when you think about it cash-over-cash returns. We are generally looking at something that exceeds our cost to capital and depending on the size of the deal it'd be anywhere from three to five years, and for a larger deal we might stretch out for a period of time. Our cost of capital is probably in the mid to high 8's. So we probably look to find something that gets us returns of 10% or so in that time horizon. I mean, I think in this environment with interest costs where they are, most things are accretive. So I think it's, I would say, unlikely that we would do something that wasn't accretive. But again, the real criteria is what kind of financial returns and how does it improve our businesses.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Catherine Ramsey with Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Catherine Ramsey: Thanks, guys. I was curious what newborn screening contributed from a revenue ...
Robert F. Friel: Catherine, can you speak up a little bit? I can just barely hear you.
Catherine Ramsey: Oh, yep. Is this better?
Robert F. Friel: Okay. Yeah. Yes, much better.
Catherine Ramsey: All right. I was curious what newborn screening contributed from a revenue perspective in 2016. And then could you walk us through your assumptions there for 2017 and what kind of China menu expansion and India penetration are embedded in those?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, so newborn screening grew low double digits in 2016. So it was a significant contributor to the growth of Diagnostics. It is the largest business within Diagnostics. So it's done quite well. And our expectation is it will continue to grow in 2017. We are expecting to see a moderation of growth in China. We saw mid-teen birth growth in China, birth rate growth, and that was partly due to the relaxation of the one child, but probably more significantly as a result of what I'll call sort of the zodiac year and what our expectation is, as we think about 2017 is the year of the rooster that it will be  it will go back to sort of a moderate sort of normal growth rate probably in the sort of low-to-mid single digits.
Catherine Ramsey: Okay. That's helpful. And then just quickly looking at the fourth quarter again, its decline in DAS, can you parse out the performance in instruments versus recurring revenue. I know, you touched on pharma briefly, but was the decline there mostly capital purchases getting pushed out?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. It was mostly on the instrument side. Where we saw growth was on the service side. Instruments was negative and consumables, and reagents on the DAS side was sort of up slightly, the majority of the growth on the reagents and the consumables comes from the Diagnostics side.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference over to Rob Friel for closing remarks.
Robert F. Friel: Great. Well, first of all, thank you all for your questions and your interest in PerkinElmer. So, in closing, let me just emphasize the sense of enthusiasm that exists across the company to both provide significant value for our shareholders as well as advance our mission to make the world healthier. Again, thanks for joining us for the call and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the PerkinElmer 2016 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Tommy Thomas: Thanks you, Amber. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until November 21, 2016. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statement that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change, so you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call we may be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to the GAAP statement in the attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I am now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob.
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. This afternoon I would like to discuss our third quarter financial results as well as give an update on the progress of our strategic priorities. During the third quarter, we continued to drive strong operating margin expansion and EPS growth. However, our top-line performance was disappointing. Specifically, adjusted operating margins increased 190 basis points to 18.9% and adjusted EPS increased 13% to $0.68 per share over Q3 last year, while revenue was $548 million, representing a reported organic decline of 2%, and flat when excluding the extra week in the comparable prior period. Looking first at our end markets, we are seeing market conditions consistent with what we have experienced over the last several quarters. In the areas where we have prioritized as attractive long-term growth opportunities which include reproductive health, emerging diagnostics, food analysis, and pharma services, we continue to see strong demand. However, in government and academic, as well as industrial, environmental and medical imaging, end market conditions continue to be challenging. Relative to Q3, our revenue performance was negatively impacted by the additional week we had in third quarter last year as well as a more significant headwinds than expected in radiochemicals and our inherently more capital-intensive businesses, including Medical Imaging and Environmental Health. While most of the headwinds are market-related, we believe that our decision to deprioritize certain slower growth segments of the portfolio is negatively impacting revenue growth in the short-term. Fortunately, from a profitability perspective, the significant traction we continue to generate on operational improvements more than offset this temporary revenue shortfall. In addition, because the areas we are focused on not only grow faster, but also generate much better incremental profit flow-through, the company will inherently become much more profitable as the portfolio continues to shift in the direction we have outlined. This is reinforced by both our Q3 results as well as our financial results through the first nine months. Year-to-date through the end of the third quarter, our growth areas of focus are averaging low double-digit organic growth with operating margins of greater than 25% and incremental profit flow-through in excess of 45%. Year-to-date, absolute revenue growth is $5 million or 2% organic growth, while adjusted operating income has increased $19 million resulting in gross and adjusted operating margin increases of 100 basis points and 110 basis points respectively, and adjusted EPS growth of 12%. Furthermore, the margin and EPS growth has been achieved while we have increased our spending in research and development by 7%, or 50 basis points as a percentage of revenue. As we reflected in our third quarter results, we are disappointed by the top-line performance but pleased to see the operational execution continuing to improve gross margins and the ongoing validation of the financial benefits from our portfolio realignment. We will continue to seek inorganic growth opportunities through bolt-on acquisitions and strategic partnerships that support our investments in these areas, as well as review the composition of the portfolio and prune where appropriate as we shift the portfolio to higher growth and profitability. In addition to the inorganic moves, we continue to accelerate this transition by fueling organic growth through increased R&D as well as other organic moves. In that regard, we announced a significant change in our organization at the end of September, providing what we believe will be a more effective operating structure to facilitate this portfolio shift and better position PerkinElmer to strengthen our core product offerings and better align with our customers' requirements. As of the fourth quarter, Diagnostics is now a standalone segment, and we formed a new segment, Discovery & Analytical Solutions or DAS. The DAS segment combines our former Research and Environmental Health businesses. These new segments have now replaced our previous Human Health and Environmental Health segments. Looking specifically at the Diagnostic segment, we have now fully consolidated our clinical business offerings which are subject to regulatory oversight. We see significant growth opportunities across reproductive health, emerging markets, and infectious disease markets, as major macro trends generate over $2 trillion in healthcare spending each year. Year-to-date, our Diagnostics business is growing about 10% organically, with our top-10 Diagnostic customers growing about 20% over the last 12 months as we continue to drive our reproductive health and emerging market Diagnostic strategy. And as we continue expanding our capabilities in these diagnostics areas, such as our Vanadis non-invasive prenatal testing currently in development and on schedule, we are confident in our ability to open up new opportunities for growth. Additionally, as part of the recent reorganization, we formed an applied genomics group within Diagnostics by aligning our company-wide genomics offerings to better serve the fast-growing genomics market, particularly next-generation sequencing. Through this consolidation, we can now more effectively differentiate PerkinElmer as an integrated provider, helping customers with their preclinical and clinical applications. Ultimately, applied genomics will provide an enhanced sample to sequence or workflow proposition for NGS applications. The DAS segment on the other hand will be able to better coordinate how we serve our applications-focused customers, especially within pharmaceutical and biotech services and food analysis, which we believe will be strong catalysts for future growth. By changing how we are organized, we are taking the next step in our evolution to drive improved customer focus, facilitate more value-added collaboration, and deliver breakthrough innovations. During the quarter, we also continued to advance our efforts to improve our operational efficiencies across the organization. While Andy will provide greater detail on the financials, we delivered stronger than expected gross margin improvement in the quarter. Increasingly, the integration of R&D and operations will become even more critical to how we deliver value for our customers, as we more thoroughly synchronize the design and manufacturing of our products. A key driver of our success is our implementation of Lean as we continuously work to enhance our manufacturing, supply chain, and business processes. Andy will share more details on the actions we've been taking, and we are already seeing early wins from our projects targeting quality, cost, capacity, cycle time, and productivity. In the quarter, we also were able to successfully leverage our SG&A spend to fund our increased research and development expenditures. With regard to innovation, we continue to introduce new products into the marketplace, as offering truly differentiated solutions is an important component of our strategy. Based on our performance in the third quarter, we remain confident that our new product introductions this year will generate an incremental $40 million in revenue. In addition, we continue to increase the importance of new products and innovation throughout the organization. During the third quarter, we held our second annual innovation summit, which brought together over 175 of our top scientists, engineers, and product managers with several key customers to facilitate collaboration and sharing of ideas. At this event, we also recognized 25 PerkinElmer associates who were responsible for securing two or more patents over the last 12 months. The recent organizational changes announced at the end of the quarter should permit a more efficient use of our R&D spending, as well as better enable us to prioritize our spending toward higher growth areas. These changes, combined with our commitment to increase R&D spending as a percentage of sales, should accelerate the increase of our vitality index over the next several years. As we approach the end of 2016, our ongoing operational improvements in the business should help mitigate the impact of softer, near-term macroeconomic conditions. Meanwhile, we will continue to direct both our organic and inorganic investments toward our four key strategic focus areas, shaping our company into a faster organic grower with higher margins, stronger cash flow, and lower volatility. But given softer demand for analytical equipment, and as we work through the realignment of our portfolio, we remain cautious on the top-line. We are, therefore, forecasting low single-digit organic growth for the fourth quarter and adjusted EPS of $0.85 to $0.87. Assuming we achieve this guidance, our results for the full year would be organic growth of 2%, adjusted operating margin expansion of 90 basis points, and adjusted EPS growth of 8 to 9%. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy.
Frank Anders Wilson: Thanks, Rob and good afternoon, everyone. I'll provide some additional color on our end markets, a financial summary of our year-to-date and third quarter results as well as details around our fourth quarter outlook. As Rob mentioned, our third quarter performance was mixed as revenues fell short of expectations; however, we continue to make very good progress towards improving our operational effectiveness, allowing us to deliver significantly better gross and operating margins along with strong adjusted earnings per share of $0.68, up 13% from the comparable period a year ago. For the third quarter, adjusted revenues were $548 million representing an organic revenue decline of approximately 2% from the same period a year ago, while year-to-date organic revenues are up approximately 2%. Looking at our end markets for the third quarter, we continue to see broad based strength in Diagnostics, healthy pharma and biotech demand, lower than forecasted academic and government sales, and essentially flat industrial revenues. We did see significant softness in environmental capital spend, particularly at the end of the quarter, as well as in Medical Imaging, which declined double-digit. Year-to-date, we've seen significant strength in our focus growth areas as we saw better than expected low teens organic growth in food, double-digit organic growth in Diagnostics, and low single-digit organic growth in pharma and biotech, in line with our expectations. In contrast to these strong performances, Industrial, Academic, and Government markets have been slower than expected, experiencing low single-digit organic revenue declines with Environmental experiencing a marked deceleration towards the latter part of September. Medical Imaging remains challenging, and has underperformed versus our initial expectations entering 2016. Looking at our third quarter and year-to-date results by geography, emerging markets remained resilient with organic revenues growing high single-digits in both the quarter and year-to-date, while developed markets softened, declining mid-single digits in the quarter. Strength in China and India continued with organic revenue growth greater than 20% and 10% respectively in the third quarter with a similar performance year-to-date. We believe that our focus in continued investment in emerging market opportunities is a compelling strategy and we are actively looking to increase our presence in those higher growth geographies. As to our operating results, third quarter adjusted gross margins expanded 170 basis points to 48.9%, while year-to-date adjusted gross margins expanded 100 basis points to 48.3%, driven by solid productivity gains and a positive mix from strong Diagnostics and Informatics growth, particularly in the current quarter. We have broadly rolled out strategy deployment and Lean initiatives across the organization with the aim of making meaningful improvement in operational efficiencies and product quality. In addition, we have made incremental investments in Lean talent, assembling a global team of experts focused on teaching and implementing key principles and process improvement tools across all aspects of the company. As a result, we're starting to see early successes as we more efficiently manage operating cost, which is reflected in lower scrap and warranty expenses year-to-date, as well as the creation of additional capacity within our manufacturing operations. This incremental capacity has afforded us the opportunity to bring in-house a number of previously outsourced manufacturing activities, reducing overall product cost and thereby contributing to incremental gross margin expansion. We see this momentum building in the coming months and years as we expand these efforts across all of our manufacturing and service operations, giving us increased confidence in our ability to meet our long-term goal of expanding gross margin by more than 300 basis points by 2020. Moving to our operating expenses, we continue to leverage SG&A and reinvest in R&D. Third quarter adjusted SG&A was down 90 basis points with R&D approximately 50 basis points higher than same period last year. The extra week in the third quarter of 2015 was comprised of a full week of incremental expenses, coupled with more modest revenue growth, and this had a positive impact on our year-over-year operating results. Year-to-date, adjusted SG&A is down 50 basis points, driven by prior restriction activities and indirect spend initiatives, while incremental R&D investments are focused on new product development, primarily within reproductive health. Overall, we were very encouraged by our strong third quarter and year-to-date operational performance as we expanded adjusted operating margins by approximately 190 basis points and 110 basis points respectively. Turning to the balance sheet, we finished the quarter with net debt of approximately $800 million and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.8 times. We feel we have significant flexibility to create further shareholder value through M&A and we are actively looking to close on transactions in the coming quarters. Our operating cash flow generation remains strong with year-to-date operating cash flow of approximately $200 million, as compared to $160 million in the same period last year. We are beginning to see improvements in our working capital performance driven by system enhancements, which are facilitating our collection efforts, as well as our Lean initiatives, which are helping to lower our global inventory requirements. Turning to our segment results for the third quarter, Human Health organic revenue was essentially flat, with Environmental Health declining 5% as compared to the same period a year ago. On a year-to-date basis, Human Health organic revenue was up 3%, with Environmental Health flat as compared to the same period last year. This will be the last quarter we will be operating our operating segments in this format. For the fourth quarter of 2016 we will report our segment results as Diagnostics and Discovery & Analytical Solutions, or DAS, and we expect to have restated results posted to our website ahead of our fourth quarter analyst conference call. From an end market perspective, our Human Health business represented approximately 62% of adjusted revenue for the third quarter of 2016, with Diagnostics representing approximately 29% of adjusted revenue and Life Sciences Solutions representing approximately 33% of adjusted revenue. As I mentioned earlier, we had strong and broad based demand across our Diagnostics portfolio, which resulted in a high single-digit organic revenue growth in the third quarter. All of our Diagnostics franchises continue to experience healthy growth, led by Haoyuan blood screening, which grew over 50% in the quarter. We also saw strong demand for our new India lab services and forecast that demand to continue. As Rob mentioned, our top-10 Diagnostics customers in both developed and emerging markets continue to rely on PerkinElmer for their critical needs, with sales over the last 12 months growing over 20%, further validating our reproductive and emerging market strategies. Organic revenue in our Life Science Solutions business declined low single-digits in the quarter, primarily due to the impact of the extra week in the comparable period last year, which disproportionately impacted our OneSource service offering. We experienced modest growth in academic and government end markets in the third quarter, as pharma and biotech markets remained resilient after adjusting for the extra week. Moving to our Environmental Health business, which represented approximately 38% of adjusted revenue, organic revenues declined 5% for the third quarter of 2016. During the quarter, we introduced new products at analytica China and this region continues to be a standout for analytical equipment demand. However, slower than expected results in the U.S. and Europe more than offset this strength. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter of 2016, we believe that our focus on continued operational improvements can help us weather the current slower growth environment. We continue to expect to see solid growth in our Diagnostics business, partially offset by slower than forecasted academic and government demand, as well as somewhat softer economic conditions in developed markets. As a result, we are slightly widening our fourth quarter revenue guidance to a range of $610 million to $620 million, representing low single-digit organic revenue growth and adjusted earnings per share guidance to a range of $0.85 to $0.87. This concludes my prepared marks. Amber, at this time, we would like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Certainly. Your first question comes from Jonathan Groberg from UBS. Your line is open.
Jonathan Groberg: Great. Thanks a million. So, Rob, can you talk  I know in kind of your more recent comments you obviously had highlighted that you saw some weakness in Europe. From your comments here, didn't sound as much as  that you were calling things out geographically; it sounded like you were talking a little bit more around your growth businesses versus your non-growth businesses. So can you maybe just talk maybe a little bit how that quarter you saw develop and if there's anything kind of geographic that stood out to you on the top-line?
Robert F. Friel: Sure. So I would say, first of all, as the quarter played out  and I think Andy mentioned this a little bit in his prepared remarks. You know, sitting here in sort of the second week in September, we are sort of tracking pretty well to what we would ship historically during a quarter. And again, just to remind everyone, particularly on the instrument side, it has a tendency to be fairly back-end loaded where the service and the reagents, let's say our Diagnostic business, is more consistent through the quarter, but clearly the instrument business is back-end loaded. And again, probably second week in September we were sort of tracking maybe even a tad better than what we had historically seen to get to the sort of 2% growth that we had guided to. I would say the last couple weeks of September, we saw particularly on the capital side, a fairly amount of deferrals or push-backs  push-outs. And I would say, we've seen that in the past, but normally there was the ability either to pull things in or to readjust and still achieve our revenue number. And unfortunately, we were unable to do that in the last couple weeks of this September. So the real shortfall was on the capital side of things, and our sense is, in talking to some of our customers, is there was a real interest in delaying capital purchases unless it was absolutely necessary. So whether it was capacity or replacement, we did get a sense that there was some deferral in the back part of September. To your point on the geographic side, we saw that clearly in most all developed markets. The one area that continued to spend through the entire quarter was China. As Andy mentioned, China was up over 20%. And we saw that fairly broad based. But I would say, outside of China, we did see this capital-intensive side of the business definitely suffer here as we got into the latter part of September.
Jonathan Groberg: And then just sticking with the top-line for a second more, I think you said your kind of forward growth initiatives were up double-digits. And if I remember correctly, I think that's maybe around $1 billion or so of sales. So that means that the other parts of your business, which is a little over 50% would have had to have been down double-digits. You are talking about maybe accelerating some of your corporate development initiatives. How do you, I guess kind of handicap where you are in the cycle when the right time to sell some of these businesses might be versus trying to improve? I guess I'm trying to think about your  you seem to be a bit more vocal on the capital deployment side and pruning the portfolio side, so I'm just kind of curious how you are thinking about the timing of those actions.
Robert F. Friel: Right. That's a good question. Let me just clarify one thing. So the 10% growth that you referenced on the growth businesses are really year-to-date. And so, the growth business, while they did grow, were probably more in the mid to high single-digits. Again, every aspect of our portfolio was impacted by the additional week over last year. And so that's why, to some extent we are trying to look at this over a little bit longer period, at sort of year-to-date numbers, because I think the Q3 is clearly distorted because of the extra week last year. But I think directionally your comment is correct where obviously the growth side of the business is doing very well, and we continue to have challenges on the sort of core part of the portfolio. To some extent, that was one of the reasons we moved to the reorganization. We talked about the benefits of having the clinical business and sort of the more application businesses together, and I think it does drive collaboration and it allows us to serve our pharmaceutical and food companies a little bit  the customers a little bit better. But the other aspect of it is, when Research and Environmental was separate, it was a little harder to be more aggressive on pruning some of the product lines, because as those businesses were separate we became a little bit of a sub-scale in areas like front end and some of the other areas. So I think one of the things that this reorganization does I believe, is allows us to get a little bit more aggressive on the pruning side in addition to the other benefits of the collaboration, the R&D, the manufacturing scale, and serving our customers. The other thing obviously is, we want to make sure as we prune the portfolio that we've got a great foundation to build upon. And so it was important for us to get the organizational structure right. It was important to get our operating execution right, so that again, as we make the portfolio moves that we're not as disruptive to the bottom line. We recognize as we make these portfolio moves that we will disrupt the top-line, but we're trying to do as best we can to maintain the margin expansion and the EPS growth that we've talked about. Therefore, it was important to make sure that the flow or sort of way that this was staged was to make sure that we had the organization, the operation and execution, and then we could start to be more aggressive on the pruning of the portfolio.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay, thanks. Could I just  and one last one if I could sneak it in? Rob, do you mind just  I think it's a nomenclature thing maybe to some degree, but I think what you said around environment  can you just remind us what you include in environmental, because some firms, well, they talk about industrial versus environmental, I think not everyone is talking about the same thing. You mentioned your food business was strong. And so, can you maybe just clarify kind of when you talk about environmental being weak -
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, no I think that's fair because we do split food from environmental and from industrial. And so when we talk about environmental, we're talking about something in  about 10% of our revenue, and it's largely in air, water, and soil. So that's how we would define environmental, whereas food, because  as that's become a big area of focus for us, we have sort of separated that. And then we have, industrial would be  the other areas, which would be more for us, petrochemical, fine chemical, and those types of areas.
Jonathan Groberg: Thanks, Rob.
Robert F. Friel: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steve C. Beuchaw: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Just as we take some of the commentary and try to put it all into context, it would be really helpful if you could speak to the businesses, excluding instrumentation. Do you have a view on what consumables growth  maybe consumables and other repeatable business growth was in the third quarter and how that compared to the first half?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, so the consumer business grew. Services was sort of flat to up a little bit. And of course services is probably the business that's most impacted by the week. So  of course that gets distorted a little bit as  the consumable business. And the instrument business was down sort of mid-single digits. So again, it was really more of a capital-intensive period. And of course if you look at the areas outside of Diagnostics, then you can imagine, the instruments was down even greater than that.
Steve C. Beuchaw: And then just looking at the margins, were there any concentrated cost actions taken in the quarter, given the environment that we should contemplate as we think about the sustainability of margin expansion? Thanks a bunch.
Frank Anders Wilson: Sure. Well, Steve, this is Andy. We had two things  we obviously had very strong gross margin, and we had very good SG&A leverage. On the gross margin side, we are seeing an acceleration maybe slightly faster than we had forecasted going into the quarter from our Lean initiatives. So I think, of the upside we saw in the quarter versus our guidance, about a third of that was due to productivity gains. And then the rest of that was really more mix, where we saw high growth in our Diagnostics and Informatics franchises. On the SG&A side, a lot of it was around our indirect spend initiatives. We did want to go in with a bit of cushion, so we did accelerate some of our cost controls in the quarter. I think that we'll continue to do that, and we also had some favorabilities, given the comparison last year with the five weeks  the extra week of cost. But that was probably less. So I think we'll continue to have that as a lever, and I think that was really the primary reason we saw the upside to our forecast despite the top-line decline.
Operator: And your next question comes from Dan Arias from ZE (30:05) Citigroup. Your line is open.
Daniel Arias: Yeah, hi, good afternoon. Rob, what's your outlook for the Medical Imaging business at this point? Is that a down double-digit business for the year, and, I guess, how far are you thinking you might be from a trough at this point?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say  I think Andy mentioned it was down double-digits in the third quarter. We're not forecasting that it continues at that rate. And I think it sort of improves a little bit here in the fourth quarter, probably still be down sort of mid to high single-digits is what our current forecast. And the whole key for that business is to continue to get some new products out into the marketplace. We've got a new cassette product that we are getting out and to continue to diversify away from some of the end markets that are a challenge; I would say specifically the radiology end market. So, getting more into some of the industrial applications and some of the other areas that we are seeing some growth. But our forecast right now for Q4 would be more sort of mid to high single-digits, which, again, that would put them down for the year in that sort of range of sort of high single-digits.
Daniel Arias: Okay. And then maybe on the newborn screening business, specifically in India, if we look ahead to 2017 revenues, do you think that you can start to benefit from tests per birth going up there once we get through the pilot programs, or as we think about next year, should we think about that being a 2018 contributor and not necessarily something that falls into the 2017 timeframe? Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: Well, newborn screening continues to do very well for us. It has a strong Q3, and if you look at year-to-date it continues to do quite well. The growth drivers are both in the developed areas, to your point, Dan, where we continue to expand the menu, and we continue to see nice traction there, as well as the emerging markets. Particularly, China continues to see very nice growth. We're seeing growth both in the birth rate, which is up fairly significantly during 2016, as well as the expansion of the menu in China. And as we've talked in the past, we continue to see opportunities in other emerging areas that have expanded. So I think we continue to feel like the newborn screening area should be a high single-digit grower going into 2017 and beyond.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho W. Peterson: Hey, thanks. Rob, can you provide a little more color on the environmental drop-off? I know you said it was U.S. and Europe, but any additional color? And then, across the portfolio did you see any improvement in trends in October?
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say the environmental shortfall was  again, going back to my comment, was everywhere other than China. China, we continue to see good investment in the sort of air, soil, and water. So outside of China, it was fairly broad based; it was both in the U.S.; it was Europe. It was down fairly significantly. I think some of that might be a little bit of product positioning for us, where we had scheduled to get some new products out, and while they got out, they got out late. But clearly, Environmental was in the developed areas, a headwind for us in the third quarter. With regard to October trends, I would say, we saw October trends improve up from the back half of September, but still, concerning to the point where  again, given the significant miss on the top-line in Q3, we just thought it was prudent to be sort of conservative here as we guide on the top-line for Q4. So, a little bit of improvement in October, but not, I would say significant.
Tycho W. Peterson: And then on guidance, can you help reconcile the fact you beat this quarter on EPS, but the midpoint of the EPS for next quarter goes down by $0.04. Are you baking this metric into -
Robert F. Friel: I think it's a function of the concern on the revenue. I think we still feel like we can do a good job on the operating margin, but again, because we guided conservatively on the revenue side, we just thought that EPS guidance was the prudent.
Frank Anders Wilson: And I think the other piece of it, the difference between  sequentially between the third and the fourth quarter is the mix. Within the fourth quarter we're going to see more of an impact from Environmental Health than we had in the third quarter, where we saw very strong Diagnostics and Informatics revenue.
Operator: And your next question comes from Derik de Bruin from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik de Bruin: Hey, good afternoon.
Frank Anders Wilson: Good afternoon.
Derik de Bruin: So, as you think about pruning the portfolio, given the strong margin expansion that you have seen there, can we assume that anything that you prune will be basically neutral to EPS?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think that  we're trying to get the portfolio in a position from a margin expansion perspective that the pruning of the portfolio will be minimally impactful on the EPS. I think it's probably difficult to say that it wouldn't have any impact.
Derik de Bruin: Right.
Robert F. Friel: Now, if we turn around and say, we take the proceeds and use it exclusively to buy back shares, that's a possible way to do that. But I think right now it would be challenging to sort of say, by selling a business and reducing the revenue that it would not have any impact on EPS.
Derik de Bruin: And the share buyback was my next question in terms of sort of what are your plans. It sounds like you are looking for more M&A opportunities. Would you talk a little bit about the buyback plan, what's the share count implications for the year?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think as we said in the past, our preference would be to continue to sort of add bolt-on acquisitions to the portfolio. Having said that, our share buyback would be determined on basically how we see the sort of size of the realistic acquisition opportunities and sort of availability. And to the extent that we think there are some realistic opportunities to improve the portfolio, I think that would be our preference. To the extent we don't see those, or that the size of those are such that we could do both, then we would buy back share. And I think we've done that in the past and will continue to do that in the future.
Frank Anders Wilson: So I think if you're looking at the share count for this year, we're going to be similar to where we were in the third quarter, about 110 million shares for the year.
Operator: And your next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen & Co. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: Hey, good afternoon. My first question is I guess a bit of a follow-up to Derik's last question. Andy, in your prepared remarks you did indicate that you are actively looking at acquisitions that could close in the coming quarters. Could you just refresh your M&A parameters when it comes to size of deal, growth profile, willingness to take on dilution? And I'll pause there.
Frank Anders Wilson: Sure. Well, I think first and foremost, it has to fit the strategic framework of the company. We also then look at, from a financial perspective, returns. We still look for greater than our cost of capital returns on deals we've made. We've been unfortunate enough to generate those types of returns on the deals that we've undertaken. I think the ones that we think we could close in the coming months will fit that criteria, and from an accretion dilution perspective it's highly unlikely we would do a diluted deal, especially in today's market. I think we really look more at our ability to generate those return on invested capital numbers.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, thank you for that. And one  I guess one other question. Would you be willing to disclose what licensing and royalty revenue was in the quarter and how does that compare to the last couple of quarters? Thank you.
Frank Anders Wilson: In the third quarter of this year, it was essentially zero. And as far as our expectations going into the fourth quarter, it's going to be minimal. I mean as far as incremental, we obviously get revenues periodically through the year, but as far as significant incremental changes, no. And we did talk about, last year in the fourth quarter we did have some incremental licensing revenue in the quarter. We don't expect something like that to repeat.
Operator: And your next question comes from Bill Quirk from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
William R. Quirk: Great, thanks. Good afternoon, everybody. First question. Rob, you mentioned softer several times in your prepared comments and then also talking about the realignment being  or enabling you guys to prune some of the businesses faster. Can you help us think a little bit about the framework in terms of the transition with some organic products coming through the pipeline? And recognizing you don't have a perfect crystal ball around pruning, but is this something that we should be expecting to see here as soon as the fourth quarter, or is this more 2017 continuing on to 2018? Just trying to get a framework. Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I would say with regard to inorganic moves whether it's selling or buying, it's hard to predict the timing on those because obviously it's not something that's totally within our control. I would say that's one aspect of it. I would say the other aspect of it is, as we think about making moves, and again, this would be either buying or selling, we want to make sure that to Andy's point it obviously makes strategic sense, but also, we want to make sure that we're sort of optimizing the return for shareholders. And when we think about that optimization, we want to make sure that it's both on a pre-tax and an after tax basis. And sometimes that requires transactions to take a little longer than I think we would all like. So I would say, again, that sort of speaks a little bit to the timing of it. But I would say  could we see something here in the fourth quarter? We could. But if not, we'll probably see something in the early 2017 timeframe. But again, it's hard to put specific timing around those, because it's not things that are totally within our control.
William R. Quirk: Understood. And then just two quick ones for me on the product side. With respect to blood screening, kind of where are we in China right now with the full transition to screen their entire blood supply with NAT? And then secondly, the sample-to-answer workflow for sequencing, when might that be available? Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say on the blood screening, we continue to do very well there. The Chinese government has instituted the mandatory blood screening this year, and so we're seeing sort of a nice ramp up there. We continue to see strong growth, so that business continues to operate well. If you recall, in the fourth quarter of 2015 we had a lot of instrument placements and we're now seeing the revenue flow from that. So that business continues to do quite well. And we continue to feel good about our opportunities to sort of expand there. Oh, and the sample to sequencer is  I would say we have components of that today, but there's a couple areas we think we've got to sort of develop and add to. To give you a timeframe, it's probably into the sort of mid-to-late 2017 timeframe.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Steve Barr Willoughby: Good evening and thanks for taking my questions. Just had a couple for you. First, Andy, was wondering if you could  was there any impact from, like incentive comp here in the third quarter? Just thinking, as you accrue incentive comp in the first half, has anything reversed here in the third quarter that benefited SG&A?
Frank Anders Wilson: No, there was nothing reversed.
Steve Barr Willoughby: Okay. Perfect. And then secondly, Rob, you made a comment about $40 million of revenue from new products. What timeframe were you thinking the new products would generate that revenue? Is that a 2017 event, or -
Robert F. Friel: No. That's a  so we came out in the beginning of 2016 and said we were looking to add $40 million of incremental revenue from new products. And what I was commenting is, based on what we are seeing through nine months, we feel like we're going to be on track to achieve that. So, it was just sort of reconfirmation of the fact that we think we'll be able to add $40 million as a result of new products that were sort of launched in the past 12 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Brokmeier from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Bryan Brokmeier: Hi, good afternoon. How has OneSource performed, and is there any (43:25) of benefit from grouping that business back with the Environmental business?
Robert F. Friel: So OneSource continues to perform well. I think if you look through the year, it's up sort of high single-digits. So it continues to do well. I mean, Q3, again, because of this one-week impact, wasn't as strong for OneSource. But, again, when you look at year-to-date, it continues to do very well. And we do think that service, in general, will benefit by regrouping Research and Environmental back, because if you recall, couple years ago we sort of split it apart. And I think it has caused an issue relative to some of the areas where we don't have the density, quite frankly. And I think by putting it back together, that is one of the benefits we think we'll get from the new organization.
Bryan Brokmeier: Okay. And on terms of the new product revenues, I thought  I don't know if I have these numbers correctly, but I thought that you'd indicated that you had $35 million in revenues in the front half of the year. So if that's correct, does that mean that you're only generating sort of another $5 million in the back half of the year from new product?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I tell you, I don't recall that. I recall having a discussion around $35 million in 2016 and saying we were growing at  I mean 2015 and growing at the $40 million. So we'll just have to go back and  circle back and get that.
Bryan Brokmeier: All right. I thought it was $18 million in the first quarter and $17 million in the second quarter but  okay. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Isaac Ro: Thanks. Maybe just a follow-up on the new product question. Just curious if you could quantify how much contribution, either on absolute dollar or percentage terms you expect in fourth quarter organic growth?
Robert F. Friel: You know, I think it's been running in the sort of $10 million to $12 million a quarter, to tell you the truth. So I would assume it's going to be similar to that in the fourth quarter.
Isaac Ro: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. And then just a follow-up on capital allocation. If we just look back the last few years, you guys have been pretty opportunistic on buying back stock when you get a good chance. Given your earlier comments on the M&A aspect, wondering if we get to some point in the first quarter and you aren't able to close a deal that you want. Is it possible that we might see some use of your cash to buy back stock?
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah, Isaac, this is Andy. We obviously look at the tradeoffs between M&A and buybacks as well as the timing, and if we see some of these slowing, I think we're going to generate some pretty strong cash flow. So I could see us taking some shares out of the system if the M&A doesn't come as quickly as we'd like.
Operator: And your next question comes from Paul Knight from Janney Montgomery. Your line is open.
Paul Richard Knight: Hey, Rob, on the re-org with the split of Diagnostics and then can you talk to specifically the analytical instrument business? I know you have always enjoyed a pretty top position in the world, but what do you want to accomplish with analytical, you know, manufacturing, distribution? What are your thoughts there?
Robert F. Friel: So I think, to your point, we want to continue to be sort of the top player in that. I think PerkinElmer has got a good brand in analytical instruments. I think the opportunity we see of putting it together with the research is, in a couple end markets I think we'll be able to hopefully drive better coordination, particularly in the pharmaceutical area where we go call on those customers on a research  sort of drug discovery area, we think we can get some leverage. I think the service thing we talked about, I think specifically in food where we have some assets, again it  sort of we're in the research area, but are also in the historical Environmental area. So I think we should be able to continue to sort of try and be at that preeminent position, particularly in the areas of, like inorganic, materials characterization, and thermal. I think those are the areas where I think we've got a strong position and hopefully we'll continue to maintain that and grow it.
Paul Richard Knight: And then on the China business for Diagnostics, it's been obviously a success story there. What are plans on that? And also, what are you  are you seeing that market pick up with the release of the five-year plan in March? I mean  so can you talk to the dynamics following the release of the plan, and, you know, what do you want to do next in that market?
Robert F. Friel: So we  I would say we have continued to see very strong growth in China. I don't know that I could sort of attribute anything to the release of the five-year plan. I would say where we've seen it a little bit more is on the research side in areas like this precision medicine initiative, and an increased focus on food. They've come up with some new regulations on food where they are looking at the entire food chain. I would say, there I think we have seen a little bit of an inflexion, probably a positive. But Diagnostics has been strong, continues to be strong there. And I think we're well positioned in sort of several facets. We talked about newborn; that continues to do well. We continue to see very strong growth on the prenatal or the maternal fetal side. Of course, we mentioned blood banking, and then of course our infectious disease area. So I think across those businesses, I think we feel good about it. So one of the areas where we're focused on is, we are seeing increased pressure on local manufacturing of products. And I would say, to a large extent we're in a good position there, but we just want to make sure we continue to have the majority if not all of our Diagnostic products manufactured locally. So that's a big focus for us, to make sure, as it becomes more challenging, both from government tenders as well as local competition that we've got a strong capability to produce everything and fundamentally design everything in China.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jack Meehan from Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon. I wanted to follow-up on the capital equipment commentary and just dig in. Do you think any of the softness was simply timing-related? And how does that roll into the fourth quarter guidance you gave?
Robert F. Friel: Well, we do believe some of it is timing. It's hard to determine at this point how much of it was. There's  I would say, at this point a lot of the information we have is sort of more anecdotal, right? You hear people talk about, you know, are they deferring things until after the election? Are particularly academic or government budgets on hold a little bit? So we're sort of anxious to see whether or not if that happens. But probably some of it was deferred spending until a little bit more certainty from whether it's a geopolitical or economic condition. Because we do believe some of these things are  that were sort of pushed off, will be needed or required at some point, again, whether it's for capacity expansion or just replacement.
Jack Meehan: Got it. And there has been a little bit more noise on the academic/government side this quarter. Is it more nuanced within that, either by product categories or academic versus government? Just any additional color would be great. Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: For us, it's probably more on the academic side than it is government. And we can tell you, the area we see it probably most acutely is in our imaging area. And for example, I think you saw virtually no S10 grants over the last 90 days, so we clearly have seen a slower funding environment on the academic side. And we saw it, as I said, again, mostly in the research area.
Operator: And your next question comes from Catherine Ramsey from Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Emily G. Stent: Hi, this is actually Emily on for Catherine. So I guess turning towards newborn screening, how many tests per birth are you seeing right now in China, India, and the U.S.? And then how have birthrates been trending in comparison to last year?
Robert F. Friel: Okay. So in the case in China, it's starting to vary fairly significantly. I would say if you look back a couple  maybe a year or two ago, it was either two or four. We are starting to see certain areas like  particularly around Shanghai and a couple of the large cities start to implement mass spec, so we have seen a ramp up in almost sort of a bifurcation. You still, out in the West, continue to see in the sort of two to four area, but on the East, and particularly in the large cities, you are starting to see menus now get up to sort of 15 to 20. But I would say on average, in China right now we're probably six or seven. But there is sort of a movement into higher menus. In the U.S. right now, the standard of care is 29, as you may know. We're probably in average in the States in the sort of low-40s. And then if you look in India right now, we're only testing right now. We've got four pilot programs; two of those pilot programs have moved into actual full-fledged programs, and to the most extent, of those four, they are in the sort of four to six range as far as the menu. So it varies a fair amount. Obviously, U.S. is by far the highest number.
Emily G. Stent: Okay. Thanks. And then the birthrates in comparison to last year?
Robert F. Friel: So the birthrates, I would say globally it looks relatively flat, and I would say similar in the U.S. for us. Earlier in the year, we were seeing a little bit of a  sort of a positive trend on rates. We've seen that come down a little bit now, and I would say that's flat. China is very strong; China has probably mid-teens growth rate. And when our people in China sort of dissect that, we think probably about 10% of that  or 10 points of that is because of the sort of change in the zodiac sign, and we think probably 5 percentage points is because of the second child.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Mishan from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Aubrey Tianello: Hey, guys this is actually Aubrey on for Matt. Can you hear me okay?
Robert F. Friel: Sure. Yeah.
Aubrey Tianello: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. You mentioned in the prepared remarks that the decision to deprioritize certain areas of the portfolio is also slowing sales growth a little bit faster than you expected on your last guidance update. Could you maybe just parse out how much of that impacted the third quarter and your guidance going forward versus a change in market demand?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, to determine that precisely is hard. But we believe it's having an impact, because as we've sort of announced some of these changes, we have seen for example in the sales organization or in some product management, we have seen a little bit of turnover, not probably unexpected, and so we're backfilling with individuals there; I would say are more consistent with the strategy. But we think some of that disruption is having an impact, I would say probably more in the sales organization or product management. I don't think I can give you a exact number, but when we look at  clearly in Environmental Health, we think that had an impact.
Aubrey Tianello: Okay. Got it. And then I just wanted to touch on free cash flow. Are you reiterating your guidance for $300 million? And if so, what gives you confidence that you are going to see an inflection in the fourth quarter?
Frank Anders Wilson: Well, I think that if you look at last year  our most significant quarter is the fourth quarter. For us to hit the $300 million, it's going to require some very significant working capital improvement, given the slightly lower earnings. I think the team is basically been tasked with still delivering the $300 million. I will say it's going to be a bit harder. But that is our goal, and if we can do somewhat similar to what we did a year ago, we should be very close. So, we are not coming off of it at this point. It's just becoming a little bit harder. And really that's overcoming a fairly weak first quarter of this year. So, again, we're sticking with the $300 million, but it's becoming more challenging.
Operator: And your last question comes from Brandon Couillard from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. Rob, just a quick question on the pharma business. I know you noted it was up low-single-digits in the period, but any chance you could parse out the deviation in mix between equipment and instrumentation and in the software and service components, which I imagine were much more stable in the period. Any change in the end markets? And then I got one follow-up for Andy.
Robert F. Friel: Sure. Okay, so if you look at  as you said, software informatics saw good growth in the quarter. Service grew, but not what you would normally expect in sort of the high single digits, I think because of the weak  one less week year-over-year, but this still grew (57:11). And we saw pressure, mostly again on the capital equipment side, so whether it was in plate readers  I mentioned the fact that imaging was down a little bit on the academic side. I think on the high content side we continue to see growth, and, of course, radiochemicals was a drag.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. So then, Andy, one for you. In terms of the EPS bridge for the year, is there anything specific that contributes to the higher purchase accounting adjustment in terms of the bridge between GAAP and non-GAAP EPS for the year? (57:47).
Frank Anders Wilson: No, the majority  the majority is the  basically the amortization. We have that. That should be detailed in our reconciliations within the press release. But if you can't find it, let me know and I'll get that to you. It should be in our documents that are on our website.
Operator: I am showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back to Rob Friel.
Robert F. Friel: Great. Well, first of all, thank you for your questions. And so in closing, let me just say, we continue to feel good about our long-term opportunities to deliver value to our customers and shareholders as we work to accelerate growth, while most importantly advancing our mission of innovating for a healthier world. Thank you again for your interest in PerkinElmer and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the PerkinElmer Q2 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this call will be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Tommy Thomas: Thank you, Katherine. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received the copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note this call is being webcast live, and will be archived on our website until August 18, 2016. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release, issued earlier this afternoon, and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any other date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use this call  during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I am now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. As we reach the midpoint of 2016, I'm pleased with PerkinElmer's performance here to date, having successfully driven growth, expanded margins and generated strong cash flow. Specifically, during the second quarter we increased adjusted earnings per share by 12% to $0.67 per share, expanded adjusted gross margins by 90 basis points, and adjusted operating margins by 50 basis points, and came in at the midpoint of our guidance with revenue of $573 million. Our solid results reflect excellent operational execution from an outstanding team of employees around the world, as well as our focus on the most compelling growth investments and our continued commitment to outstanding service for our customers. Consequently, despite the ongoing mixed macroeconomic environment, we are confident in our ability to drive double-digit adjusted EPS growth this year and achieve our top-line growth targets. In addition to our financial results, I was also pleased with the progress made on our strategic priorities during the second quarter. As a reminder, the majority of our efforts this year are focused on three areas. First, driving innovation collaboratively with our customers to better leverage combined technical and application knowledge to create truly differentiated solutions, resulting in tangible customer value. Second, investing where we believe, we have the most significant opportunity to increase, maintain, or capture leading share positions. And third, continuing to drive operational effectiveness to advance our competitiveness and improve profitability. Turning first to innovating with our customers, a good example of this approach is a recent collaboration with the Genome Institute of Singapore, focused on advancing precision oncology. The institute aims to develop a high-throughput screening platform to predict therapeutic sensitivity in tumor models in real time, with the ultimate goal of translating precision oncology research results into the clinic. To do this, its researchers are utilizing a number of PerkinElmer products, including our automation and liquid handling solutions, as well as both our tissue and cellular imaging platforms. In China, a major dairy company will now use our solutions to verify nutrients, test vitamin content, and detect heavy metals in their products. This is an excellent example of where we were successfully expanding our addressable market in the food quality and safety area by leveraging the collective strength of our inorganic capabilities with Perten and Delta's expertise into new applications and products. In the fast-growing area of reproductive health, we are working with a number of states in the U.S. to facilitate the screening of lysosomal storage diseases, or LSDs, enabling early detection of these rare inherited metabolic disorders in compliance with the HRSA-recommended newborn screening panel. We also recently introduced several new products to strengthen our core offerings. These include the Avio 200 ICP spectrometer, which is the smallest analyzer of its kind on the market. The Avio 200 helps the lab professionals perform complex multi-elemental inorganic analysis for applications in food quality, soil and water testing. Additionally, in our research business, we continue to launch new assays, with over 25 new biochemical and immunoassays supporting drug discovery applications brought to market this year alone. During Q2, we launched an NGS 3K assay, which runs on our LabChip Touch microfluidic platform. This assay delivers the highest sensitivity at the lowest DNA sample concentration, providing customers with improved sample quality control for their sequencing experiments. We also expanded our NGS capabilities with the recent acquisition of BioScientific, a company based in Austin, Texas, that provides biotechnology solutions for food and feed safety testing and life science research. The acquisition builds upon our food franchise with the addition of immunoassay-based technologies that detect pathogens, toxins and other contaminants. Additionally, Bio's laboratory preparation offering for next generation sequencing broadens our NGS workflow solutions. To drive innovation, we once again increased our R&D spending in the second quarter and are on track to increase R&D as a percentage of sales by 50 basis points for the full year. As we have communicated previously, we are concentrating a greater portion of our growth investments in four priority areas. These areas includes food quality and safety, pharma services and solutions, reproductive health, and emerging market diagnostics, and represents roughly 40% of PerkinElmer's total revenues. The benefits of this strategy is already paying off. In the second quarter organic revenue for all four of these areas grew by greater than 10%, and in each of these areas the rate of growth increased sequentially. Andy will cover this in more detail, but the strong growth we experienced in these businesses helped offset headwinds in the industrial (7:45) markets as well as declining demand in medical imaging. Going forward, one of the keys to our ability to accelerate top-line growth rates will be further expanding these priority areas as a percentage of total company revenue. Turning to our progress on operational execution, we have experienced excellent gross margin expansion during the first two quarters of this year. Our multifaceted approach to achieving cost excellence, enhancing quality, and providing customers with a superior experience continues to pay off with incremental efficiencies and productivity improvements. First, we made good progress in the second quarter with a new team implementing Lean throughout our manufacturing sites. Second, we just launched design for excellence and product lifestyle engineering initiatives to both enhance our new product development approach, as well as deploy new standards for product reliability. These initiatives involve R&D and manufacturing working together, and will enable us to deliver greater customer value and competitiveness through designing and manufacturing our products more cost effectively. As we move into the second half of the year, we anticipate an economic environment that will provide both opportunities and challenges. On the positive side, we continue to see accelerating growth for our diagnostic business as a number of our initiatives are expanding both our share and addressable market. In addition, our OneSource business continues to benefit from the growth in pharma spending and increased outsourcing. And our food analysis business is benefiting from increased synergies across our portfolio as well as the overall growth of the market. However, creating headwinds to these trends are continuing concerns about the industrial end markets, as GDP and PMI numbers remain concerning, as well as medical imaging continues to face declining market demand. As a result, we are maintaining our second half organic revenue forecast, and our adjusted EPS guidance remains unchanged as well. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy to discuss our Q2 financial results and forecast in more detail. Andy?
Frank Anders Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon everyone. Consistent with previous quarters will provide some additional color on our end-markets, a financial summary of our second quarter results, as well as details around our third-quarter and full-year outlook. Starting with the second quarter, we continue to be pleased with our operational execution. The success from key Lean and indirect spend initiatives have afforded us the opportunity to make meaningful growth investments across the portfolio and still deliver solid financial results to our shareholders. For the second quarter, adjusted revenues were $573 million, approximately the midpoint of our guidance range of $570 million to $575 million. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.67, up 12% from the comparable period a year ago, and above the high end of our guidance range of $0.65 to $0.66. Overall, the quarter played out essentially as expected. Looking at our end markets, we saw accelerating diagnostic demand, healthy pharma and biotech sales, and strong growth in food. This strength however was partially offset by softer than expected industrial end-market demand and a weak performance in academic and government, primarily in the U.S. due in part to a difficult double-digit prior year comparison. Looking at our geographic results for the second quarter, we experienced double-digit organic revenue growth in Asia, low single-digit growth in Europe and low single-digit declines in the Americas. We continue to be pleased with our results in emerging markets, where second-quarter organic revenue increased mid-teens compared to the same period a year ago, driven by a strong performance in China, which more than offset weak demand in Brazil. Overall, our emerging market demand continues to remain resilient. As to China specifically, organic revenues grew double digits in the quarter, with broad-based strength from both our Human and Environmental Health segments. Within Environmental Health, our Haoyuan blood screening business had another solid revenue performance, with strength expected to continue into the second half of 2016. On the Environmental side, food and environmental testing solutions were the key contributors to Environmental Health's solid performance in China. As to our operating results for the quarter, adjusted gross margins were 47.9%, up 90 basis points over the same period a year ago, driven by successful Lean initiatives, volume leverage and mix. We remain encouraged by the progress we're seeing from our Lean activities. Adjusted SG&A was 24.3%, essentially flat over the same period a year ago as a percentage of adjusted revenue. We continue to believe that we can successfully leverage our G&A at a rate approximately half the pace of our revenue growth. Looking at Research and Development, second quarter spending was approximately $2 million higher than the same period last year, driven by ongoing investments in our four strategic initiatives: emerging market diagnostics, pharma and biotech services, food, and reproductive health  including R&D funding supporting Vanadis, an acquisition we announced in the first quarter. Overall, we were encouraged by our operational performance in the second quarter as we also expanded adjusting operating margins by approximately 50 basis points, while still funding incremental R&D investments. Looking below the operating line, second-quarter net interest and other expense was approximately $5 million and our second quarter adjusted tax rate was just over 18%. Our first-half 2016, adjusted tax rate was approximately 19.7% and remains in line with our expected full-year adjusted tax rate of approximately 19.5%. Turning to the balance sheet, we finished the quarter with approximately $1.1 billion of debt and nearly $250 million of cash, and we exited the quarter with a net-debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA ratio of 1.8 times. In July, we announced the successful completion of a 500 million senior note offering. With a 10-year tenor and 1.875% coupon, we have efficiently extended our overall weighted-average debt maturities by approximately 3.8 years. While we do expect some modest dilution related to this offering, we anticipate covering the incremental interest cost through our ongoing operational initiatives. We were also pleased with our strong cash flow generation in the second quarter. Total operating cash flow for the first half of 2016 was $128 million, as compared to $101 million in the same period last year. For the year, we remain confident in our ability to deliver our adjusted free cash flow commitment of $300 million. I'd also like to note that our board recently approved a new two-year $8 million share repurchase authorization that will replace the current repurchase authorization that was set to expire in October of 2016. Turning to our segment results for the second quarter, Human Health organic revenue grew approximately 6%, with Environmental Health declining 1% as compared to the same period a year ago. From an end-market perspective, our Human Health business represented approximately 62% of adjusted revenue for the second quarter of 2016, with Diagnostics representing approximately 29% of adjusted revenue and Life Sciences Solutions representing approximately 33% of adjusted revenue. Second-quarter 2016 organic revenue from our Diagnostics business was driven by double-digit growth in our core diagnostics franchises, with China and India both up over 25%. As mentioned, we continued to make significant progress in our Haoyuan business, with strengthening reagent demand now supporting recent instrument placements highlighted in previous quarters. In addition, we successfully captured a number of key neonatal wins in Pakistan, Jordan and Poland, which also contributed to this performance. Within medical imaging, we see increasing demand for a number of new CMOS applications as diversification efforts within the portfolio gain traction. However, the business overall declined high single digits in the quarter due to continued weak hospital CapEx demand. As expected, organic revenue in our Life Sciences Solutions business grew low single digits in the quarter, driven by strength in pharma and biotech and further bolstered by broad-based demand in our OneSource and informatics franchises. As mentioned, academic and government spending in the U.S. was soft in the quarter, due in part to a very strong double-digit comparison to the second quarter of 2015. Moving to our Environmental Health business, which represented approximately 38% of adjusted revenue, organic revenues declined 1% for the second quarter. Growth was once again led by our food testing offerings, which grew double digit in China, but was offset by softer than expected industrial demand. We continue to forecast improving but modest growth for the second half, bolstered by a number of new product launches that Rob mentioned earlier. Looking at operating segment margins, the results were essentially in line with expectations. Environmental Health margins expanded 160 basis points as strong mix, prior year restructuring actions, and solid operational execution all contributed to this performance in the quarter. Human Health margins were essentially flat, largely due to planned growth investments and mix, partially offset by the positive impact of pricing initiatives implemented at the end of last year. Looking ahead to the third quarter of 2016, we believe we are well position to deliver another solid financial performance with an expectation for continued stability in a majority of our end markets, partially offset by softer demand from industrial end markets. As a reminder, we are cycling up against an extra week in the third quarter of 2015, which contributed a benefit of approximately 200 basis points to our revenue performance last year. Accordingly, for the third quarter of 2016, we are forecasting reported revenues to be in the range of $570 million to $575 million, which represents organic revenue growth of roughly 2% to 3%, which is consistent with our previous outlook. Third-quarter 2016 adjusted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.65 to $0.67. Looking at our outlook for the full year, the majority of our businesses are expected to deliver solid results, and while we expect that the soft industrial demand experienced in the second quarter will continue, we continue to expect our organic revenue growth to be approximately 4% for the year, and we are maintaining our outlook for adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.75 to $2.85, with a midpoint of $2.80. This concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, at this time we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. And our first question comes from Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
William R. Quirk: Great, thank you. Can you provide an update on the China blood screening? Is there future placement opportunities there? And how is it ramping with the existing instruments that were replaced in mid-2015?
Robert F. Friel: So, the China blood screening business had another strong quarter in Q2, it actually more than doubled. And so we're starting to see the reagent flow-through of the instrument placements in the tender that we won in 2015.
Frank Anders Wilson: To add to that, we are probably two-thirds of the way through the tender process, but there are still tenders out there. We continue to capture our fair share of those. And we continue to believe that we will be able to see increasing reagent flow through, and that obviously is helpful for the margin.
William R. Quirk: Okay, got it. And then, I know Brazil newborn screening is a small piece of the business, but are you seeing any impact from the birth rate slowdown from Zika?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say, clearly, our Brazilian business has been hit fairly significantly there. I think it was down greater than 25%. I guess, if there's any good news, the Brazilian business is getting so small that it's becoming somewhat irrelevant, but yeah, there's been a severe impact on the newborn screening business there.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Dan Arias with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Daniel Arias: Afternoon, guys. Thanks.
Frank Anders Wilson: Hey, Dan.
Daniel Arias: Rob, it looks like you might have been  hey, Andy  a little bit light relative to your 4% organic forecast for the quarter, maybe a half point or so by my math. So, without splitting hairs, would you say that that was due to Environmental Health? Or was it more of a split between Environmental Health and some of the declines you saw in medical imaging? Just trying to see where you have your model.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I would say, it was probably a combination  it was a combination of both of those. I would say Environmental was a little light. And we continue to see challenges on the industrial end-markets. I think in the beginning of the year, we highlighted that we're a little concerned about there, and I think we figured that could be down sort of mid single-digits. We're actually seeing a little bit greater headwind than that. And then, medical imaging also, I think we handicap that as sort of down slightly, and we're seeing again probably something like high single-digit growth declines there. We did see some offsets though, China was clearly stronger than we thought, and the majority of the diagnostic business was stronger than we thought. But as you said, on balance it was a relatively minor impact there. Maybe Andy, just want to cover that for a second?
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah, yeah, we gave guidance at the end of the first quarter for the second quarter of $570 million to $575 million, and if you look at the midpoint of the range, which is where came in, really to get to 4% organic you kind of needed to be slightly north of the midpoint. And in addition, in the quarter we had a little bit of a tailwind from FX, maybe it was $1 million, but in order to round up to the 4% versus the 3%, we really needed to be at the high end of the range. But just to kind of be clear, we're talking about $2 million, a little less than $2 million, or about 0.3 percentage point, which really swung the difference between three and four.
Daniel Arias: Okay. Got it. So even less than a half a point there is what we're talking about, okay. And then maybe just as a follow up, Rob, I think last quarter you quantified new product revenues as $18 million or so. Would you care to comment just on how, A, this looked for this quarter for new products, and then maybe how that number tracks through 3Q and 4Q?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So, similar number. I think actually for the second quarter it was around $17 million from an incremental perspective. I mentioned the fact that the Avio 200 came out really towards the latter part of the quarter, so we're excited about that. We're starting to see early traction. And then as we get into the second half of the year, some of the new products coming out of the research area just start to gain some traction. So one of the reasons I think we feel optimistic about the back half, and sort of a slight acceleration in the organic growth rate, is because of the new products and the expectation that they'll accelerate from an incremental revenue contribution perspective.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matt Mishan with KeyBanc, and your line is open.
Matthew Mishan: Good afternoon, and thank you for taking my questions.
Robert F. Friel: Sure.
Frank Anders Wilson: Sure.
Matthew Mishan: Hey, around medical and imaging, I know you guys supply into the OEMs, but do you have a sense of kind of which regions are driving the weakness? I think the U.S.  on the U.S. capital spend and hospital capital spending side has been pretty stable and robust, but emerging markets, Europe have been fairly weak. Do you have a sense of what's really causing it for you?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I would say our weakness is largely more in Europe than it is in the U.S. And then again as we've tried to expand out the breadth of our medical imaging capabilities, I would say clearly on the CMOS and the industrial side, we continue to see good growth. The challenge has been really more in both oncology as well as radiology. So it's sort of limited in those areas, but outside there we continue to see pretty good growth.
Matthew Mishan: And then, just to clarify, I think you said, you though that Core Diagnostics was up double digits. When you say Core Diagnostics, is that just excluding the medical imaging? And if you're able to get medical imaging back to flat, you're running it at a double-digit rate there? I'm just trying to understand...?
Robert F. Friel: Well, yes in fact. The difference between Core Diagnostics is, it excludes medical imaging, and that was double digit organically in the quarter.
Matthew Mishan: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Stephen C. Beuchaw: Hi. Good afternoon, and thanks for the time here. Just a few clarifications on my end. One, the new repurchase authorization, can you give us a sense for the pace at which you're thinking about executing on that? And then second, maybe also for Andy, could you give, us in dollars or in basis points, what the contribution was in the quarter for M&A? And then I have one for Rob.
Frank Anders Wilson: I can answer probably the first two, and then I'll let you ask Rob's question. On M&A, it was basically immaterial. So for modeling purposes, we will not have anything to really report there. As far as the other question  I just blanked on it. What was your first question?
Stephen C. Beuchaw: Share count.
Frank Anders Wilson: Share count. We don't  we tend to be fairly opportunistic with our share repurchase. Our first preference continues to be around M&A, and we feel like we've got a pretty good pipeline. So as far as capital deployment, that is and will continue to be our preference. I think it's just really more it was a matter of timing, we had the Board together last week, so we elected to get it reapproved. But it is a two-year timeframe for those, and so we do re-up those. But there isn't any formalized program that is being contemplated at this point.
Stephen C. Beuchaw: And then, Rob, just to sort of dovetail with that, on the last call you made a comment about a medium-term plan for mid-teens earnings growth, and I believe there was a clarification as to whether it was excluding cap deployment, and now that we have a little bit more clarity on cap deployment with the buyback authorization, I wondered if you'd just care to talk us through how that  it might or might not impact your thinking about medium-term earnings growth? Thank you.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I think what you're mentioning is, on the last call we talked about sort of the business model, and I talked about how we think through the cycle, we like to be a sort of mid single, call it 5% revenue growth or organic revenue growth, and if we were to achieve that, what kind of bottom line improvement would we see there? And we said probably mid teens. And then depending on what we did with our cash flow, whether we bought back shares or made incremental acquisitions, to what extent that would add to the EPS growth or accretion. And I think we still feel good about that model. What you're seeing in the first half of the year is sort of 3%, 4% organic growth, we're generating 12% EPS growth. So I think we feel confident if we can get the organic growth up 100 basis points or so, that we could sort of make that 15% EPS growth sort of achievable.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jonathan Groberg with UBS. Your line is open.
Jonathan Groberg: Great, thanks (28:24). On the debt that you raised, Andy, is that primarily for the buyback, or also just kind of meant to be opportunistic for other things that might come up?
Frank Anders Wilson: When we initially went in to this, and we're looking at our capital structure, we really felt like we wanted to have more fixed-term debt, especially given the rates, and if you looked at the Euro rates of recent, they seemed very attractive. And so the purpose at this stage or the use of the funds at this stage is really to pay down the revolver, and if you read some of the filings we're also amending and extending the revolver, so we'll end up with about $1 billion of what I would consider fixed-term debt, the tenor of this is 10 years, so we have increased those terms by about 3.8 years in total for the two debt offerings we have out there, and that leaves us with about $1 billion on the revolver for whatever purposes we might use that for.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. Thanks. And then, Rob, is there  it feels like, from everyone that's reported to date, hearing kind of mixed messages on industrial, and I recognize that the specific exposures of each companies are not always comparing apples-to-apples. But when you think about industrial, like expand that to include food and environmental and the like, can you just give a little bit more clarity on what you're seeing? I know we all see the PMI, but just kind of what you're seeing or feeling there in that broader market. Thank you.
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say, first of all, just for just for clarification, when we talk about industrial, we're talking about a more limited subset. So we would consider food really separate, and we would consider environmental, which for us is largely air and water, would be separate as well. So our industrial is really around sort of petrochemical, chemical, very  little bit of semicon and a little bit of oil and gas, but that's sort of the majority of our industrial. And, I think if you recall, in the beginning of the year, we were a little concerned not only about the macroeconomic trends, but also in 2015, our industrial grew mid single-digit, so we suspected we were going to have a difficult comp. And so I think we modeled in something with sort of mid single-digit declines, and as I mentioned previously, we're actually seeing something that's more like high single-digit/low double-digit declines. And our indications, and the information we're looking at, would not suggest that's going to change for the foreseeable future. So one of the things we're assuming in the back half of the year is that, in fact, industrial headwinds continue as they have in the first half of the year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Paul Knight with Janney Montgomery. Your line is open.
William March: Hey, guys. This is actually Bill on for Paul. How you doing?
Frank Anders Wilson: Good.
Robert F. Friel: Good.
William March: I wonder if you could just talk a bit about the food safety business. What are you seeing in that end market? And have you seen any pickup in demand or conversation since the last FSMA law went online in May?
Robert F. Friel: So, I think as we mentioned previously, food was very strong for us in Q2, it grew double-digit, sort of in mid-teen area. I would say that's a combination of probably three factors. One is, I think the overall market is strong and growing, and I think a lot of that is just continued awareness and media recognition of some of the issues around food. So clearly, the food companies are investing in that area. I would say the second area is, we continue to see significant investments coming out of China. So if you look at the food in China specifically, that was very strong. And the third area I think is unique to PerkinElmer, and I think the combination of the offerings we had historically in Environmental, combined with Perten and combined with Delta, and I gave an example specifically with a dairy company we're working with in China, is allowing us to better penetrate and provide some novel solutions to the customers. And so I think it's a combination of all three of those that's driving this very strong growth we're experiencing.
William March: Great. And then, maybe just one on the industrial side. With oil prices kind of stabilizing, what are you seeing in terms of that end market? Is that part of the headwind you're facing, or is it maybe other sub-segments of the industrial market?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I would say, as I mentioned previously, oil and gas is relatively small for us. It's a small subset of our industrial, so it doesn't really drive a lot. I think what you're  the impact on the oil price, and in fact we've seen a little bit of a decline here, I would say more recently, it's probably more just in general confidence and the impact it has on sort of the macro effect. I think there's a general view as oil comes down, it does have a dampening effect on the overall economy, at least from a business perspective. But as far as direct exposure for us, the oil and gas, it's small.
William March: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho W. Peterson: Hey, thanks. Rob, if I go back to the beginning of the year, you were one of the two companies talking about a potential recovery in Europe in the back half of the year. Can you maybe just share your latest thoughts on that? I mean, I know some of it's dependent on new products, but are you still expecting a pickup in the back half of the year?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I would say, when we look at the geographic split of our revenue growth, actually Europe was pretty good in the second quarter. I think Andy talked about sort of mid single-digit, and if you look at where the research was strong, diagnostics were strong, and the thing that sort of depressed that to a large extent was medical imaging. So we're seeing some pretty good growth already in Europe, and our expectation is we'll continue to see some good growth in the back half of the year. So I would say from our perspective, Europe has stabilized and actually picked up a little bit relative to what we saw in the latter part of the 2015 and in the first quarter.
Tycho W. Peterson: And then now that you've had Vanadis for a few months, any updated thoughts on how that's going, and are there milestones we can track ahead of maybe 2017 or 2018 launch?
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say we continue to be enthusiastic about the progress we're seeing there. I think as I mentioned in the past, we think we've got a terrific team. They continue to make progress on the development of the offering there. I would say the one sort of significant milestone is, what we wanted to do with the Vanadis technology was not only continue to develop that to a commercial product, but also to integrate it with some of the PerkinElmer offerings. So it uses imaging capability, and we've been able to integrate the Operetta; it obviously uses some sample preparation for the NGS side of things, and we're using chemagen. And so that's been a sort of a great win to sort of move a lot of their capabilities onto the PerkinElmer products. But we still feel on track, and probably late 2017 is when you'll start to see the product come out, with sort of KOLs and a beta, and probably be revenue in early 2018.
Tycho W. Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: Hey, good afternoon.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Derik De Bruin: A couple of housekeeping questions. Hello?
Robert F. Friel: Yes.
Frank Anders Wilson: Yes.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. Great. So, a couple of housekeeping questions. So, first of all, what's your sort of expectations for FX, the remainder of the year? And sort of full-year impacts, top and bottom line?
Frank Anders Wilson: For next quarter it's probably $3 million or $4 million on the top line and de minimums on the bottom, and I think that's probably got to be  maybe  it's maybe going to be neutral on the top and the bottom in the fourth quarter. So I would say, right now, based on the rates today, it's not much of a change from what we've seen. Obviously there's volatility, what we would update that if that changed, but as of right now, I don't see a big swing.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And what was the $5.5 million gain on the  the gain you had on investments?
Frank Anders Wilson: That was related to the sale of the NTD business earlier in the quarter.
Derik De Bruin: Got it. Okay. Got it. Okay. And I guess, just sort of going on with Tycho's question. LS, you're looking for low LS, negative low single-digit growth in U.S. this year. I guess, sort of what  in this quarter. Can you talk about sort of like the pacing for the remainder of the year for the U.S., and sort of how you're looking at that market?
Robert F. Friel: Well I mean, if you look at the declines in the U.S., it was largely the industrial side that we talked about, a little bit in the sort of research area. Now as we look at the first couple of weeks of July, or at least a month of July, we are starting to see a little improvement of bookings in those areas, so we're cautiously optimistic. But I would say as we think about the U.S. for the latter part of the year, we think it probably maybe stabilizes at flat, but we are not forecasting significant growth.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon, guys. I want to start and ask just a little bit more color on OneSource, how the service revenue was in the quarter, and then are there any notable contracts are evaluating at this point just through the end of the year that we should be looking for?
Robert F. Friel: So, OneSource had another good quarter. I mean, even though it comped against a strong, sort of mid-teen growth last year, it continued to grow double digit, so we continue to see nice progress there as we've talked about in the past. We think to a large extent our differentiation revolves around not only our capabilities and proven track record, but also the analytical capabilities we have with our informatics offering. With regard to contracts, I would say at any given time we have a number of contracts that are coming through, and the back half of the year is not any different. So rather than spike out any particular ones, I would say, it's a continual process. I think we've mentioned in the past that a number of these contracts, or I'd say the majority of the contracts are sort of three-year tenure. And so in any given quarter we probably have a couple that are coming to, and we continue to be optimistic about our ability to either maintain the ones we have or win the ones we don't.
Jack Meehan: Great. And then just a two-parter on margins. Nice growth in the Human Health business, I thought there might be a little bit more margin expansion. I know you talked about some of the business investment there. Could you maybe quantify the amount of the new R&D going through that business versus the Environmental Health? And was there any change to your guide on R&D for the full year? Thank you.
Frank Anders Wilson: I think that  this is Andy. The majority of our incremental R&D is going towards Human Health, and a big piece of that is with the Vanadis acquisition. That will continue. I think you're going to continue to see our R&D, year-over-year, certainly higher. This quarter we were up 2%. I think that type of level of 6% or just north of 6% will probably continue in the second half, at least that's what the current outlook is. And again, we're not focusing all of our R&D in Human Health, but a big portion of the incremental R&D spend is in Human Health.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. And I think the way to think about for the full year, we're assuming that R&D as a percentage of sales goes up about 50 basis points.
Jack Meehan: All right.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ross Muken with Evercore ISI, and your line is open.
Ross Muken: Hi, good afternoon, guys. I guess in the context of something we've talked about before, you have a few parts of the business that had fantastic results, you have a few parts of the business that are struggling; some have struggled for some time, like panels. I mean, as you think about sort of portfolio reconstruction and how you're feeling about your general mix of assets, and I guess you have not done much recently on the M&A side  do you feel like you're making enough progress? Obviously you're doing a lot of internal investment to get the growth rate higher, but to sort of get this mix to kind of an optimal level. I mean, is there stuff where you'll look and you say, well, I'd maybe contemplate that not being part of the Perkin portfolio, but I haven't been able to find the right asset yet? I'm just trying to figure out how you're thinking about the whole portfolio construction.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I think that's a fair observation. And I would say not only we haven't found the right asset yet, but in a lot of instances, we're looking at what is the appropriate time to sell the asset. So I wouldn't be surprised if two years from now there's parts of PerkinElmer that probably aren't continue to be the part of the portfolio. And one of the things we're looking at is we continue to focus on the higher priority areas. We're sort of challenging ourselves on, let's say, some of the core product offerings. And particularly, to the extent that we think in order to be more competitive, it requires either greater scale or significant inorganic investment to, say, either accelerate market diversification or product diversification. And so, obviously we evaluate the potential return of those investments versus possible commitments to overdrive other areas, right? And so ultimately if we determine those investments, they'll make sense relative to other alternatives, there probably should be another owner. And to your point, I think we focused a lot of time over the last maybe 24 months in making sure that we're optimizing the profitability and the growth prospects as we own it; at some point, to take it in the next level, it probably requires a different owner who will be willing to invest more inorganically in the business.
Ross Muken: That's fair. Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Steve Barr Willoughby: Hi, good evening guys. Two questions for you. First, I was wondering if you can just provide any color on some of the recent smaller mass spec acquisitions you've made, and how those fit in with the business? And then secondly, if you could remind us what drove the strong academic and government spending in the U.S. a year ago that you're comping against this quarter?
Robert F. Friel: So, I'll take the first one. So I mentioned one in particular, we made a, call it a relatively small acquisition here recently, a company called BioScientific. Revenue for this year will probably be, I don't know, $11 million, $12 million, something like that. But we are excited about it because it brings two capabilities, it has a portfolio of NGS Library Prep kits, they go on both Illumina and Ion Torrent, they're particularly good at nucleic acid isolation, and their expertise particularly in increasing enzymatic efficiency. So we like that capability. They also bring some strong capabilities around the food area, and in a particularly in the area of detection of microbial and industrial contaminants. And we like that portfolio of assets as well. So small deal from a revenue perspective, but we're excited about the capabilities that they bring, and again, complementary with two of the higher growth areas that we've identified in the past. And we'll continue to look for those types of things. As I've said in the past, my preference would be something a little bigger, but clearly those capabilities are things that fit nicely into the PerkinElmer portfolio, and we'll continue to look for those and hopefully we'll be able to accelerate their growth and drive higher profitability.
Frank Anders Wilson: And you know, the answer to your second question, last year we saw a significant growth in our in vivo imaging business. There was quite a bit of funding that came out during the quarter a year ago, and that really was the key driver to what was essentially double-digit growth in the prior year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Isaac Ro: Hi. Good afternoon, guys. Thank you. First one was on the Medical Imaging business. You guys commented on some of the pressure you're seeing there, and I was hoping you could maybe dissect a little bit what end-markets might have driven those, to the extent that might have been narrow or broad-based? And then, second to that, what's baked into your guidance for the balance of this year in that business?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So, the headwinds are really in two areas, it's in radiology and it's in oncology. And on the flip side of that, we continue to see strong growth in the, I'll call it the non-medical applications, as well as our CMOS business continued to do quite well. And that's largely in sort of surgery, and increasingly going in the dental. So, those markets continue to grow nicely. Unfortunately they're not large enough to more than offset the challenges we see in the oncology and radiology area. And so to mention, I would say through the first half, we've seen sort of mid-to-high single-digit declines, and to a large extent that's what we're expecting in the back. And that is a change, because I think previously, clearly in the first quarter, we thought there it would be some moderation of the pressure, and that our expectation was that in the back half of the year that we'd get medical imaging flat, maybe growing low single digits.
Isaac Ro: Got it. Thank you. And then, just to follow up on the services side of your portfolio, you called out some of the strength in OneSource and Informatics. And I'm curious if you could maybe update us on your go-to-market strategy for those two businesses? I'm wondering if you're in a position where you're cross-selling those to the same accounts, or perhaps selling them in a bundle. Just thinking about how you are monetizing those growth opportunities? And as part of that, the margin contribution as Informatics in particular grows, I imagine the gross margin's quite attractive. So I'm wondering if it's starting to move the needle on operating margins as well.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So, last year, we announced the creation of LSS, which was really taking the product business on research, our Informatics business, and our OneSource business, and combining them under one front-end structure. As a part of that, we also established a global account team, and we've been building and investing in that team for the last, now it's probably been 18 months. And if you look  I think we commented in 2015, we saw nice growth in the global accounts. If you look at the second quarter, the global accounts were up about 10%. And so it's a combination of going through our Informatics customers and introducing in the OneSource, and then vice-versa on the OneSource side, and then also to the extent possible trying to drive some product revenue as well. I would say at this point we're seeing much better cross-selling between Informatics and OneSource than we are in the product side, but we'll continue to drive that. And I think it's an opportunity down the road.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks, good afternoon. Rob, more of a bigger picture question. Do you guys track, or do you have a statistic around sort of what you view as your current vitality index, and where is that today relative to maybe where it was three years ago or so? Because you're increasing the spend, but it seems like the core growth is still in the 4% range. How do you think about the returns that you're getting on that incremental investment?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, so we do track it, so our vitality index is in sort of the low 20s. It's been relatively flat over the last couple years. And so what's happening is, while we are adding some new products clearly into the marketplace, some of the ones from the sort of 2010, 2011, 2012 vintage, in some cases we're  very strong growers for us are coming off. So it's actually requiring us to get a fair amount of incremental growth. I think we talked about in 2015, sort of $40 million of incremental. Now our expectation is as we get sort of into the 2017-2018 timeframe, we'd like to see that into mid and high 20s. But I would say it's taken a fair amount of work just to sort of offset what was a pretty strong class of new products in the sort of 2010, 2011, 2012 timeframe.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. Then one for Andy, the Environmental Health margins in the period improved pretty nicely despite the modest organic decline. Were there any one-time benefits to that improvement? And then secondarily, any update you can share as far as the net interest expense expectation for the year?
Frank Anders Wilson: There really were no one-times. If anything, they had stronger operating margin expansion, but they had some higher comp expense. Their results were a bit better, so the compensation related to that was higher. So I don't think there were any unusual items. And I think we're going to continue to see good solid margin expansion in the second half, in EH. As far as incremental interest expense, we said it's going to be the impact of, it's about a penny, and we said we were going to essentially cover that with our operating results. That would be just related to the incremental interest.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bryan Brokmeier with Cantor Fritzgerald. Your line is open.
Bryan Brokmeier: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. India is probably the largest newborn screening market that you still have left relatively untapped. Would you provide us with an update on the status of your pilots and programs that you have established there, and the percentage of the market that you've now penetrated, and any competition that you've encountered?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So, as you pointed out, India is a significant, probably 27 million births. So we talked about three pilots that we started about a year ago; two of those have moved into what I'll call active use. In addition, we have several local states that have started a newborn screen test, really looking at six disorders. We placed systems with two other states, but they haven't started their pilots yet. If you look at our diagnostic revenue in India, it was up 51%, but having said that, it was off a very small base. So we're starting to see some good traction there, but I think, as I think mentioned in the past, it's going to take some time to get that to a sort of a sizeable number, but at least the trends and the indications continue to be very positive.
Bryan Brokmeier: And how much of the regions  of the other regions within India looking at those pilots and considering starting their own, or to go all out into routine use?
Robert F. Friel: So, our approach has been to sort of both talk at the federal level, because ultimately for this to be broadly adopted, it's got to be sort of approved and suggested by the Indian sort of Federal Health Ministry, as well as working selective states. So it's really working both of those, and we've got a fairly significant effort in driving that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen & and Company. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: Hey, good afternoon, guys. So, I guess just a quick one to start. China and India both were strong in the quarter. Could you just give us what your expectations are for growth in the second half in terms of what you embedded into guidance?
Robert F. Friel: So, I think in China, we went into the year saying that we thought it was going to be sort of low double, and given the strong growth we saw in the second quarter, we've taken that up a little bit. But we haven't sort of assumed that the 20% continues. So I would say maybe we've taken it from sort of low teens to sort of mid teens. India, again because it's such a low base, I would say India we're probably in the sort of 15% to 20% range.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. And I guess sort of related, in the past, sometimes when we flip the calendar and get into the early days of the new  of a new China five-year plan, there is a pause in demand. Ultimately this has, at least historically, been followed by a pretty big ramp-up in demand in areas that are prioritized within the plan. You looked really well-positioned, given the focus on a number of things, including but not limited to, food and water testing, as well as increased funding for things or increased focus on things like neonatal testing. I'm just wondering, in the early days are you hearing or seeing anything that suggests we should be contemplating this dynamic? And is that something you factored into guidance? Or at this point, are you thinking that things may actually get going in the new five-year plan a little more smoothly than maybe we've seen the last couple of times?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. Our assumption is the latter. I mean, our assumption is that it's going to be more sort of advertised or smoothly built-in. And again, because we've seen nice growth here more recently, our expectation is that we're not going to see any kind of incremental benefit from the rollout of the new five-year plan.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Emily Stent with Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Emily G. Stent: Perfect. Thanks for taking my questions. I just have one. So now that we're seeing local Zika cases in Florida, are you seeing any impact on birth trends in the U.S. or any other main geographies?
Robert F. Friel: No. I mentioned earlier that clearly Brazil, we've seen our business there be reduced significantly, but we have not seen any indications at this point that it's impacting U.S. birthrates. Our data would suggest that births in the U.S. are still growing in the sort of 1%, 1.5% range. But in the case of Brazil, we're seeing a significant decline.
Emily G. Stent: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And there are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Rob Friel, for any closing remarks.
Robert F. Friel: Great. So, first of all, thanks for the questions, and I'd just like to conclude by reiterating that we feel great about our progress during the first half, as well as the long-term opportunity to accelerate growth over the next five years. At the same time, we continue to be inspired by the terrific impact that we continue to make for our customers to improve lives and the world around us. So, thanks again for your interest in PerkinElmer, and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-06 15:45:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to your Quarter One 2016 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Tommy Thomas: Thank you, Esther. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received the copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until May 19, 2016. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely in any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any other date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is also available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report on PerkinElmer's strong start to the year, in which we delivered solid financial performance and gained significant early momentum on our 2016 strategic priorities. Turning first to our financial performance, we exceeded our revenue and profitability expectations for the quarter, despite a macroeconomic environment that remains mixed. We grew organic revenue by approximately 4%, which was fairly evenly split between Human and Environmental Health. We also experienced a good expansion of our gross and operating margins and increased adjusted earnings per share by 12% or $0.56. As a result, we have raised our topline and earnings per share expectations for the full year. While Andy will discuss our first quarter financial results and end markets in more detail, overall, our markets are performing similarly to the latter part of last year, and are in line with our expectations. While the conditions of the few market segments are a bit mixed, these are areas that for the most part impact a relatively small portion of our overall business. For example, during the first quarter, our revenue from industrial markets declined low single digits, due somewhat to tough prior year comparisons, but also to weaker customer demand. Fortunately, this was more than offset by better than expected performance in the food market, particularly in China and in a number of emerging markets. We also continue to see persistent headwinds in certain geographies, such as Brazil, Japan and Russia. However, in the first quarter, revenue from these countries represented less than 5% of our aggregate revenue. As we look to the remainder of the year, we continue to believe it is prudent to expect a fairly moderate growth environment, with continued volatility in both industrial and emerging markets. Before turning the call over to Andy, I'd like to highlight some of the progress we made towards our strategic priorities for this year as well as provide some examples of how our offerings continue to help make a profound impact on human and environmental health. As I reiterated during last quarter's earnings call, ParkinElmer's unique value stems from our ability to offer novel solutions that help customers unlock insights by leveraging the combined power of our scientific and technical capabilities with deep application knowledge. In addition, by disproportionately directing more of our resources towards the high growth areas of pharma and biotech services and solutions, reproductive health, emerging market diagnostics and food quality and safety, we believe we can accelerate organic revenue growth beyond the mid-single digit rate, drive sustainable margin improvement and reduce the effects of near-term macroeconomic volatility. This focus has enabled us to target solutions that are solving some of our customers' most significant real world challenges. For example, in the first quarter, we introduced our Operetta CLS cell imaging system. This system combines PerkinElmer's proprietary automated water immersion technology with direct LED illumination, enabling up to four times higher sensitivity and finer resolution for phenotypic cell assays. Recently, our cell imaging systems have been selected by the University College of London, Cambridge University and Oxford University, in connection with a collaborative study to better understand the molecular and genetic mechanics of dementia. In addition, researchers in Brazil and the U.S. are utilizing our Operetta and JANUS liquid handling systems, to screen compounds and inhibit the infection and transmission of the dangerous Zika virus. Another important offering from a research imaging platform is our recently introduced Synoptic's quantitative pathology system which allows quantitative and spatial imaging analysis. Last month, an article in the New England Journal of Medicine showcased how scientists at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center at John Hopkins leveraged our platform to understand immune response to an anti-PD-1 drug for Merkel cell carcinoma. In addition, a second study published by Genoptix, a Novartis subsidiary, indicated that a Multiplex IHC test using our platform to measure not only PDL-1 expression, but also the interaction between cancer cells and PD-1 positive immune cells leads to a better prediction of immunotherapy response for melanoma and potentially other cancers versus current single flex IHC tests. Both of these studies reinforce our belief that our Phenoptics offering is substantially differentiated in its ability to identify and quantify cancer immune interactions, therefore better enabling our customers for precision medicine. In the area of diagnostics, we continue to see significant opportunities in reproductive health, particularly in emerging markets. In the first quarter, we opened a new laboratory in Chennai, India, which broadened our diagnostics offerings to respond to India's growing demand for easier access to technologies that screen for and help diagnose prenatal and neonatal conditions. The lab will provide a comprehensive menu of diagnostic screening services for hospitals, maternity nursing facilities, diagnostic labs and clinicians. In newborn screening, global adoption of our gold standard automated screening platform, the GSP, continues to grow. In particular, our GSP pilots are going well in China as the country ramps up its automated screening capabilities. In addition, as additional countries expand their testing menus, more of them are implementing our market-leading SCID [Severe Combined Immunodeficiency] test. In China, our Haoyuan business won a number of government tenders in the first quarter, as customers work to meet the nucleic acid testing mandate coming into effect. We are proud that through the deployment of our industry leading Cheeta (08:10) molecular blood screening system, hospitals will help ensure the safety of China's blood supply. Consistent with our strategy to focus our efforts on our very best opportunities, last week we announced the divestiture of our U.S. prenatal laboratory screening service business, NTD, to European Scientific. Through this divestiture, we can now better concentrate our diagnostic efforts on developing innovative maternal fetal health technologies and solutions for the U.S. Outside the U.S., we are continuing to provide kits, technologies and services through a variety of channels focused on improving health outcomes for babies and expectant mothers. Within food testing, we grew our Perten franchise with the acquisition of Delta Instruments. Delta is a Netherlands-based manufacturer of infrared analyzers and flow cytometers for dairy products. This acquisition broadens our portfolio to now offer the most complete range of analyzers used for measuring nutritional components in somatic cells in milk. We are also expanding Perten's addressable market organically by leveraging our core PerkinElmer technical capabilities. Most recently, Perten transformed a single-use analyzer into an in line solution to monitor product quality for a major consumer goods manufacturer. The consumers (sic) [customer's] (09:32) already purchased a large quantity of instruments, primarily to test moisture levels during process control. While the Delta acquisition was small, we continue to look for more substantive bolt-on acquisitions in our higher priority markets. We have a solid pipeline and hope to close one of those transactions during the remainder of the year. However, as you saw in our press release, during the first quarter we bought back $150 million of stock, as we believe we have the cash flow generation and leverage capability to both bolt on strategic attractive assets and return cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Another key strategic priority for us is driving productivity and operational effectiveness. We've been aggressively deploying Lean principles throughout the organization. Within manufacturing we are upgrading our procurement practices and improving cross-site collaboration. While early days, our Lean applications in operations are starting to free up manufacturing capacity, which will enable us to in-source key assemblies at very minor incremental variable cost. In addition, reusing an in-sourcing initiative to accelerate value engineering and further reduce product cost by driving commonality and component standardization across a number of important product lines. Furthermore, we have consolidated the management of transportation activities, which is yielding impressive initial results. The early benefits from these actions have already started to positively impact our margins and are responsible for some of the better than expected financial performance in the first quarter. So to summarize our first quarter, I would note the following: Solid financial performance, particularly in the areas of margin expansion; good progress on focusing our investments in the most attractive growth areas; the advancement of implementing a multifaceted approach to improve operational effectiveness; and lastly, the return of 50% of our forecasted free cash flow this year to our shareholders. As we move ahead, our strong first quarter momentum reinforces our confidence in the growth investments we are making, our ability to meet our financial targets and our success in serving our customers around the globe. I'd now like to turn the call over to Andy.
Frank Anders Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. Consistent with previous quarters, I'll provide some additional color on our end markets, a financial summary of our first quarter results, as well as details around our second quarter and full-year outlook. Starting with the first quarter, we were very pleased with our strong start to the year, as solid execution on a number of key initiatives afforded us the opportunity to make a meaningful investment across a number of new growth opportunities, and still deliver solid financial results. For the first quarter, adjusted revenues were $539 million, representing organic growth of approximately 4%, while FX negatively impacted revenue growth by approximately 2% or $10 million. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.56, up 12% from the comparable period a year ago, and $0.06 per share above the midpoint of our guidance range. The strong operational performance contributed approximately $0.05 per share of the beat and was primarily the result of volume, favorable mix and price as well as the incremental impact from our Lean and productivity initiatives. Non-operating items contributed approximately $0.01 per share versus our guidance and were comprised of a lower share count and favorable FX, each of which contributed approximately a penny, but were partially offset by approximately a penny resulting from a slightly higher tax rate in the quarter. I'll go into a bit more detail on several of these items later in my prepared remarks. As Rob mentioned earlier, the trends we saw through the latter part of 2015 largely continued through the first quarter of 2016. Looking at our end markets, we continued to see healthy demand from pharma and biotech, stable academic and government spending, as well as strong demand for food and environmental applications. Our product mix was also balanced with consumables, reagents and instruments all growing mid-single digits organically. Looking at our geographic results for the first quarter, our overall performance was balanced as we experienced high single digit organic revenue growth in Asia, mid-single digit growth in Europe and low single digit growth in the Americas. In the BRIC economies, first quarter organic revenues increased high single digits compared to the same period a year ago, driven by strong China results, more than offsetting continued weak demand in Brazil and Russia. Overall, our emerging market demand has remained resilient. We are pleased with our solid results in China, as organic revenues grew double digits in the quarter with broad-based strength from both our Human and Environmental Health segments. Our Haoyuan blood screening business had another strong quarter of tender wins, while Haoyuan instrument placements completed in the second half of 2015 are now beginning to drive reagent demand. On the Environmental side, strength in food and environmental testing solutions were the key contributors of Environmental Health's solid performance in China. As to our operating results for the quarter, adjusted gross margins were 48%, up 30 basis points, driven primarily by the success of higher margin new products, successful pricing and Lean initiatives and volume leverage. We continue to be encouraged by the traction we are seeing from our Lean activities. Adjusted SG&A was 25.1%, down 80 basis points over the same period a year ago, driven by productivity actions and the ongoing success of our indirect spend initiatives. As we guided for the full year 2016, our first quarter reported research and development spending was higher by approximately $2 million as compared to 2015, driven by core investments in our four strategic initiatives, along with R&D funding supporting Vanadis, as we announced last quarter, Overall, we were very pleased with our operational performance and execution in the first quarter of 2016, as we expanded adjusted operating margins by approximately 100 basis points on top of our incremental R&D investments. Looking below the operating line, first quarter net interest and other expense was $11 million and our first quarter adjusted tax rate was 21.5%. The higher tax rate was a result of the geographic distribution of profits and had a negative impact on adjusted earnings per share of about $0.01 in the quarter. We still expect our full year tax rate to normalize over the balance of the year to approximately 19.5%. Consistent with our comments in February, we completed the buyback of 3.2 million shares of the company's stock for a total consideration of $148 million during the quarter, leaving 2.7 million shares remaining for repurchase under our current board authorization. The timing of the acquisition of these shares was modestly accelerated and will have a positive impact of approximately $0.01 per share for the year. Turning to the balance sheet, we finished the quarter with approximately $1.1 billion of debt and nearly $210 million of cash, and we exited the quarter with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of two times. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $32 million as compared to $38 million in the same period last year, due primarily to the timing of payroll and benefit expenses, as well as higher working capital requirements supporting future new product introductions. For the year, we remain confident in our ability to deliver our adjusted free cash flow commitment of $300 million. Turning to our segment results for the first quarter, Environmental Health organic revenue grew approximately 5%, with Human Health increasing 3% as compared to the same period a year ago. From an end market perspective, our Human Health business represented approximately 62% of adjusted revenue for the first quarter of 2016, with Diagnostics representing approximately 29% of adjusted revenue, and Life Sciences Solutions representing approximately 33% of adjusted revenue. First quarter organic revenue growth from our Diagnostics business was driven by healthy mid-single digit growth from our core diagnostic franchises, partially offset by a mid-single digit decline in medical imaging. We continue, however, to see increasing demand for a number of new CMOS applications as the team continues to successfully diversify the medical imaging portfolio. Organic revenue in our Life Sciences Solutions business grew low single digits in the quarter, while core research grew mid-single digits. Pharma and biotech continue to be the key contributors, both growing high single digits. Growth was broad-based globally with continued strengths from our OneSource service franchise. We continue to experience solid demand for core products with particular strength in reagents, which grew at a double digit rate in the quarter. We've also been very pleased with the demand for our new product introductions including our high content screening platform. Moving to our Environmental Health business, which represents approximately 38% of adjusted revenue, we are pleased to report that revenues grew 5% organically for the first quarter of 2016. Our results benefited from the timing of strong demand in our Food and Environmental Testing Solutions; however, we expect this growth rate to moderate somewhat in the second quarter. We continue to be delighted with the performance of Perten and the positive customer feedback we've received on their new in-line testing solution for moisture measurement. As Rob mentioned, we expanded our food analysis franchise through the recent acquisition of Delta Instruments, a provider of analytical equipment and solutions for the dairy market. Looking at segment margins, Environmental Health margins expanded 470 basis points, as strong mix, prior year restructuring actions and solid operational execution were key contributors to this performance in the quarter. Human Health margins were 21.2%, a decline of 80 basis points, largely due to planned growth investments and mix, partially offset by the positive impact of pricing initiatives impacted at the end of last year. Looking ahead to the second quarter of 2016, we believe we are well positioned to deliver another solid financial performance with continued stability in a majority of our end markets. For the second quarter of 2016, we are forecasting reported revenues to be in the range of $570 million to $575 million, which represents organic revenue growth of roughly 4%. Second quarter 2016 adjusted earnings per share is expected to be approximately $0.65 to $0.66. For the full year, we now believe our organic revenue growth will be approximately 4% or $2.32 billion. Looking at margins for the year, we now expect gross margins to expand approximately 70 to 80 basis points and operating margins to expand 60 to 80 basis points, with R&D continuing to represent a year-over-year headwind of approximately 40 basis points. Regarding our adjusted earnings per share outlook, we are increasing the midpoint of our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance range by $0.10. The $0.10 increase is comprised of our first quarter outperformance of $0.06 per share coupled with an estimated $0.04 per share from a more favorable foreign exchange. As in prior quarters, the methodology for calculating the impact of foreign exchange movements on our operating results is based on an average of FX rates over the last month of the quarter, and we will continue to be transparent as to the impact of foreign exchange on our operating results as we move through the year. And finally, the impact from the acceleration of our share repurchase in the first quarter is expected to essentially offset the dilution from the sale of the NTD lab services business, which was a little over a penny. As a result of these factors, we are increasing our full year earnings per share guidance from the range of $2.65 to $2.75 to a new range of $2.75 to $2.85 with the midpoint of $2.80. As always, when assessing our adjusted EPS guidance range, you should focus on the midpoint as the most likely view of how we see our results playing out. This concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, at this time, we would like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Paul Knight with Janney Montgomery Scott. Your line is now open.
William March: Hey guys. This is actually Bill March on for Paul. How are you guys doing?
Robert F. Friel: Good. How are you?
William March: I'm doing well. Thank you. First question, maybe if you could in terms of capital deployment, with the acceleration of the share buybacks in the quarter, maybe a little bit insight or color around what you see for the rest of the year?
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, our view is, we would hopefully be able to get something done from the standpoint of a bolt-on acquisition. I mentioned the fact we feel good about our pipeline of opportunities. And so, that's our first preference. But clearly, if we are unable to get that done let's say over the next nine to 12 months, then I think we'd probably look to continue to buy back shares.
William March: Got it. And then maybe just in terms of China, I know heading into the year, you were seeing, say maybe as going from double digits to high single digits growth, maybe an update on that outlook and how both sides of the portfolio are tracking?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So, I would say, we continued to see very strong growth in China. China for us, in the first quarter was up sort of mid-teens, and it was very broad based. So, both on the Environmental side as well as the Human Health side, we saw a double-digit growth in the quarter. And even within if you looked in Human Health, it was broad-based between sort of diagnostics and research. So, we continue, I think, to enjoy the advantage of being in some very attractive markets from the standpoint of the funding of the Chinese government, and again, I think this was reinforced with their recent five-year plan.
William March: Got it. Thanks. Have a good night.
Robert F. Friel: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve B. Willoughby: Hi, good evening, guys. Thanks for taking my question. First, just on free cash flow, it was down a little bit year-over-year. Just was wondering, are you still expecting roughly $300 million of free cash flow for this year? And then, I have a follow up.
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah, sure. I  well, let me tell you a little bit about free cash flow. I mean, first off, the primary driver of the difference year-over-year was the timing of our payroll. That'll normalize in the second quarter. We did have some additional working capital; as you guys remember, we had a very strong fourth quarter. There was a little bit of build of working capital; some of that was in support of new products that are going to be coming out in the second half. But as I said in my prepared remarks, we are still committed to a free cash flow of $300 million, which is essentially one times our adjusted net income. And one thing I'd like to add just as a clarification. When I was doing my prepared remarks, I was handed a note. I said our full year revenue  we were going to be $3.23 million  that should be $2.32 billion; just wanted to make that clear.
Steve B. Willoughby: Okay. Thanks so much. And then, just following up on a comment from Rob. Rob, you made a comment about the potential to expand revenue growth beyond mid-single digits. I was just wondering if you could provide a bit more color there because that would obviously imply a step-up from what the company has done historically.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. And I think just goes back to conversation maybe we started a couple of quarters ago, where we said strategically what we want to do is disproportionally invest in those  and I think we've identified four key areas  where we see both more significant opportunities to grow the topline and the profitability of the company, and where we think we have a very strong shares and core capabilities. Just to give you an example, if you look at about 75% of our revenue in the quarter, it would've grown high single digits; and largely in the areas that we've sort of identified as those higher growth areas. So, we've got a situation, where is, we're going to continue to invest in those and hope those  to make those a bigger portion of the company. And then obviously over time, we think the overall growth  organic growth  could hopefully average up to a higher number. Now, this won't happen in the next quarter or two, but we think, as you look at it in a couple years, our goal here is to get from mid-single digits to maybe high single digits.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Joel Harrison Kaufman: Thanks. It's actually Joel in for Isaac. Could you guys provide any update on the timeline of the commercial rollout of your NIPT initiative? And then any comment on whether the divestiture to Eurofins played into the strategy in anyway?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, in reference to the Vanadis, it's still very early days. We've owned the company now for probably four months. And what I would say is first of all, we're very pleased with the individuals and the team. We're on track relative to our milestones given that it's only been fairly early. And I would say, the one area where I think we continue to be very pleased with, we saw some good synergies both on the imaging side with our imaging people out of Hamburg as well as in the chemagen sample prep. So we think  we were pleased that over the last couple of months  we were able to confirm what we thought were significant opportunities to get some synergies from our capabilities as well as theirs. So, I would say, still early days and this is probably something that will not be a significant revenue until late 2017 or early 2018, but indications on track. I would say, with regard to the NTD divestiture, that was really, I would say, somewhat different. And I think what to a large extent drove that was sort of a strategic decision that as we continue to look at services with, I'll call it regulated services within U.S. or U.S. testing labs, it just didn't seem like a strategic opportunity for us for a number of reasons. One is, fairly significant regulatory and compliance infrastructure required. So, we had a lab that was sort of less than $20 million in revenue and was requiring a fair amount of infrastructure on a regulatory and compliance cost. By selling NTD, it effectively eliminates all our exposure to either federal or private payer reimbursement, and so that was a big consideration. The other thing was, as we thought about our customers would be better served by a company with a broader capability and, quite frankly, a stronger commitment to the U.S. services market. And then finally, I think. And maybe this is somewhat related to the Vanadis development is, as we ultimately develop new products and new capabilities in that marketplace, we want to be able to offer that to more channel partners. And so, I think it was a combination of all those that led us to conclude that it makes sense to sell the NTD lab services.
Joel Harrison Kaufman: And then, maybe turning to food safety, how are you guys thinking about the underlying market growth rate there? And then, just given your investments and the commentary on the tuck-in pipeline, what type of margin should we be expecting from these bolt-ons, and then maybe from this business longer-term?
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say we feel very good about the opportunities in both the food safety and the food quality analysis area. And as we've sort of talked about in the past, Perten has been sort of growing sort of high single digits. And we actually saw a little stronger growth than that this quarter, so we continue to be very bullish on the food area. And we are excited about the Delta tuck-in. While it wasn't a large acquisition, it did bring us some good capability around flow cytometry, and it actually is used for looking for bacterial infection in milk. And when you think about the connection with Perten, they both have sort of common customers as well as a very common business model. So we think the margins in those businesses can be sort of high teens, low-20%s.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Mishan with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Matt Mishan: Hey, good afternoon, and thank you for taking my questions.
Robert F. Friel: Sure.
Matt Mishan: Hey, I think, you called out two different growth rates in LSS  one for LSS as a whole and then, the other one for core research  and I just like  I was thinking, what's the difference?
Frank Anders Wilson: Within LSS as a whole, we have core research and informatics and service. And so, the core research grew at a mid-single digit rate; when you combine the three pieces, it grew at a low single digit rate. Informatics had a very difficult comparison in the first quarter and that's really what drove the difference between mid and low single digit.
Matt Mishan: Okay, great. That's helpful. And as you talk about potentially simplifying the business and focusing on four key areas, I know previously you've talked about radio chemicals being a flat to down business. What's the size of that now and has that continued to decline or has it stabilized?
Robert F. Friel: So, it continues to decline a little bit sort of low single digits. I would describe that as a business that declines from a volume perspective and we continually try and get price, so we offset some of the volume decline with price. But it's a business that probably declines low to mid-single digits on a sort of an annual basis. And right now, it's $80 million to $85 million in revenue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Derik De Bruin: Hi. Good afternoon.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Frank Anders Wilson: Hi, Derik.
Derik De Bruin: So, good margin expansion, good progress there. I'm just curious, as you start thinking about  on the out years  and I'm making the assumption that the economic malaise and the slower growth environment won't last forever. So, you did 4% organic revenue growth, 12% EPS growth this quarter. What's the model to sort of think about going forward on this? So if we get back to 5% to 6% organic revenue growth, what does that sort of contribute to on the EPS growth and EBIT margin growth, when we look out?
Robert F. Friel: I think what we've said longer term is sort of mid-single on the topline and probably mid-teens on the bottom.
Derik De Bruin: Is that  was that inclusive of the share buybacks?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. Well, it probably is not inclusive of capital deployment, whether that's share buyback or acquisitions. I would say that's the fundamental sort of operating rhythm of the business. So, if we can grow the topline, call it 5%, we think we can probably get mid-teens on the bottom line. And then, capital deployment would be additional, whether that's bolt-on acquisitions or share buybacks.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And then just sort of one follow-up from a bigger picture's perspective, I know, obviously the new China five-year plan is focused on a number of areas, like environmental and food where you are. There's also clear evidence of the Chinese want to build out their Life Sciences businesses and they're trying to do some acquisitions in some certain areas and this is  I'm just wondering  are you seeing any sort of threat from internal development in China, technologies being acquired, things being copied. I mean, how do you sort of  what do you sort of think is the outlook for that considering that  I'm not going to say that some of the instruments in that market are not high-tech, but I don't know if you need the latest cutting edge instruments for some of those areas. Just your thoughts on the Chinese competition question?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So, I would say, if it's specifically around the research market, I would say we don't see a lot of copied, because quite frankly  ours, I think, I would put in the high-tech category, right? I mean, when we think about our research products, it's cellular imaging, it's high content imaging, it's fairly sophisticated technology. So, we do not  or we haven't up to this point run up against local competition.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan: Hi. Thanks. Good afternoon. Rob, I just want to start and  you guys put up a nice first quarter  the tone at the beginning, a little bit more muted. At this point of year, is this just caution around everything we see in the press or is there anything else that you're keeping an eye on specifically?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say, if you're talking about caution maybe from a topline perspective, I think a lot of it is, again, if you just look at some of the macro factors out there, there's a lot to be concerned about from the standpoint of PMI, whether you look at the global number or whether you look at the U.S. numbers, it's a little bit. But we've  I think global PMI was the second weakest reading during the last 40 months, down to like 50.1. Production growth slipped to a 16-month low in the European Union. So, I mean, there's a lot of economic numbers out there that gives you a little bit of concern. Contrast that with, I mean, we feel good about our business and we continue to like the areas we operate in. But I just think when you look at some of the economic indicators out there, there's  it's prudent to be a little bit cautious.
Jack Meehan: Yeah, that's fair. And then, just one more on what you're seeing in terms of the underlying birth rates maybe in different geographies. Have you seen China start to show some improvement? And then, everybody's favorite topic, Zika, whether you've seen that in any particular markets as well? Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: I would say in the case of China, our people there are suggesting that probably something in high single, low double digit is what we would expect from a birth rate. In the U.S., we're seeing something in the sort of 1% to 2%. And I would say, clearly in Brazil, we've seen a dramatic drop in the birth rate there. Now, it's not a huge business for us, but we're seeing probably a 30%, 40% drop in birth rates in Brazil. And now offsetting that to some extent, I mentioned the fact that we are selling some of our research products into that analysis, but clearly that's impacting us in Brazil more specifically and a little bit in the South America area.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mira Minkova with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Miroslava Minkova: Yeah. Good afternoon, guys. Thank you for taking my question. Let me go back for a moment to the very strong Environmental business performance in the quarter. It was pretty impressive, particularly that early in the year. Can you maybe give us a little bit of more context behind of  besides food testing. What did so well in the quarter, how sustainable is it and in the context of your cautions commentary in industrial markets last quarter, how did industrial do? And I do have a follow-up.
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say, there was  I would say sort of three drivers to the Environmental strength. One was food; the other was sort of Environmental generally, so more in the sort of air and water area was also a good grower. And then I would sort of spike out China specifically; I talked about the fact that China was double digit growth for us. So, those are the sort of three big drivers. If you look at industrial specifically, it was down low single digits, and I would say the driver to that was, one, very difficult comparison, so it was up high single digits in Q1 of 2015. And then the other area was we saw a little bit of weakness in what we would call sort of material characterization, which is largely in areas like polymers, maybe a little bit in sort of paints and chemicals. And I would spike that out from the sort of product perspective. Whether it's sustainable or not, I would say we are not forecasting that type of growth to continue in the year. I mean, I would say that we think Environmental sort of moderates probably more to a lower single digit growth, as we look at in the sort of second, third and fourth quarters.
Miroslava Minkova: Okay. Thank you. And on the gross margin, to what extent was the improvement driven by your Lean initiatives or the Lean program, and when might we see a bigger impact from Lean?
Frank Anders Wilson: I think you're going to see that impact from Lean grow as the year progresses. We've said most of our gross margin impact is really going to occur in the second half of the year as these initiatives are rolled out. I think the Lean initiatives probably were about a third of the improvement in the first quarter. I think we did have some pricing initiatives within our Human Health business that contributed another piece and then the incremental volume was probably the third piece. I think you're going to start to see the Lean initiatives and the productivity initiatives being implemented, within operations, start to accelerate in the second, third and fourth quarters. And as we said, we think our gross margin expansion for the year will be somewhere in the 70 to 80 basis point range. So, being 30 in the first quarter, you can see, it's a fairly rapid acceleration through the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Arias with Citibank. Your line is now open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, guys. This is actually Brian (40:05) on behalf of Dan. Just jumping a little bit further into EH, I thought it was interesting how strongly the op margin was in the quarter. Correct me if I'm wrong, I think it might be the strongest in at least over five years. So, I just kind of want to see how that run rate goes or should pace going forward, especially in light of the weak China renminbi, et cetera, and if you can give any color around, if that had a drag on EH performance?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. So, I would say, again, going back to some of the comments we've made previously, where we said we wanted to be very focused in investing in where we saw the greatest growth opportunities. At the same time, we wanted to make sure that we were getting our cost structure appropriate for what potentially could be a slower growth in some of the other areas. So, you may recall that in the back half of 2015, we took some restructuring actions in the Environmental Health area. And so, I think they've got a cost structure now that hopefully will allow us that margin performance that you saw in the first quarter should be sustainable through 2016 and going forward.
Unknown Speaker: Was there any net dilution from the renminbi there that dragged down results given the highest revenue...?
Robert F. Friel: No, not material.
Frank Anders Wilson: Not material.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. And then lastly from me on the services side, is there any large contracts that are coming up this year and can you give us any color across the board on retention rate or at least how retention...?
Robert F. Friel: I would say in any given year, there are some large contracts that come up  would rather not get into those specifics  but I would say these are generally three year contracts, so in any 12 months period, you're going to get some big ones. Our retention rate generally is very high. I would  so call it north of 85%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Muken with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Ross Muken: Good afternoon guys. So, I just wanted to clarify.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon, Ross.
Ross Muken: On the paddles business, can you just kind of provide us with sort of your thoughts on the pacing for the remainder of the year? And obviously, there's been some mix challenges in that business, how you're sort of thinking about the medium-term growth outlook for that sub-segment even though it's small?
Robert F. Friel: I think as  I think we alluded to it a little bit  it continues to have a little bit of a headwind. It was down low single digits in the quarter. I think that's probably going to be the case in Q2 again, maybe even a little bit more than that, maybe high single digits. I think as we get to the back half of the year maybe that improves a little bit. But I think our belief right now is for 2016 that's probably flat to down low single digits. And it's just facing some very challenging short-term market headwinds, but at the same time it's got a great team and they continue to execute well. So, the profitability, even given the headwinds from the topline, they continue to sort of operate it  operating margins above the corporate average. And the challenging thing, you know Ross, that this is the one business where we're component supplier, and obviously, selling into the large hospital CapEx market, it just  unfortunately a little more volatile than the overall portfolio  but bottom line, it's a good business.
Ross Muken: Fair. And then Andy, I don't know if I missed it, what's your view on cash conversion for the year?
Frank Anders Wilson: We  we're still committed to our delivering one times adjusted net income, which is essentially $300 million. And I had talked earlier about that we had a very strong finish to the year, which did impact us a bit in the first quarter. Most of it is timing, and we've already seen some of that reverse. We had some higher inventory builds for supporting some new products; we think that'll flow through. So, at this point, there's no reason to think we shouldn't be able to hit that one times adjusted net income or $300 million.
Ross Muken: Awesome. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Doug Schenkel: Hi. Good afternoon.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Doug Schenkel: Last quarter, you positioned 2016 as an investment year. You did that coming off a quarter where you came up a bit light of your expectations. You set revenue guidance at a pretty low level for the year. Three months later, there's a bit more operating leverage in the quarter than expected and you're bumping growth guidance. So, while R&D investment did grow, I think, it was about 5% in the quarter, I am wondering if you held back on investment in the quarter at least early on, given the uncertainty and concern that you acknowledged back in the Q4 call in February? And now as we look ahead, given that you grew better than expected in the quarter and you guided up expectations, should we expect investment to ramp from here and maybe even more so if you see more upside? I guess I'm just trying to figure out if we're getting ahead of ourselves given that while you did beat Q1 expectations, organic growth was still only 3.5%, 4% against a favorable comp, which I know you want to do better. And while bumped-up guidance is definitely a step in the right direction, it's still only for 4% growth. So, I am just  I guess wondering  whether you feel comfortable at this point ramping up investment pursuant to objectives?
Robert F. Friel: So, there's a lot of questions wrapped into that comment. So, first of all, we didn't hold back any R&D. I mean, to some extent, we knew it was going to be ramp up in  during the year anyway because you're sort of hiring the people and sort of spending the money. But, what I would tell you is, while it looks like our R&D went up roughly $2 million in the quarter, actually it went up $4 million in Human Health and it was down a little bit in Environmental. So, we've been ramping up fairly significantly. I would say the difference between three months ago and now is not necessarily the fact that we slowed down R&D  and I think Andy alluded to this to some extent  it's actually we're seeing the benefits of our productivity and Lean initiatives sooner than we thought. And I would say that's the fundamental reason why we beat in the first quarter. And that's why we felt comfortable taking the entire beat in the first quarter and flowing it through. But to your point, with regard to will we continue to invest? That's the plan and we continue to expect that in 2016, R&D will be 40 basis points higher as a percentage of revenue than it was in 2015.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Rob, that's super helpful. And if you actually track ahead of plan again at the topline over the next couple of quarters, should we think that you're more likely to reinvest that, given some of the things you're excited about in terms of growth drivers for the out years? Or should we expect kind of a normal balance of reinvestment as well as letting it flow through?
Robert F. Friel: I think there'd be probably a normal balance. I mean, there are obviously  there are some things that we'd like to do  but one of the things I think I mentioned in the beginning of the year was, we purposely wanted to take our R&D up because we saw some terrific opportunities to invest it in. So, where we saw the opportunities, we're funding them.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg with UBS. Your line is now open.
Harris Iqbal: Hi. This is actually Harris on behalf of Jon, appreciate the question. Kind of a follow-up to your comments earlier on NTD. As you continue to refocus the portfolio, can you walk us through maybe more broadly, everything in that, which product lines make sense for PerkinElmer versus divesting and how far along would you say you are in that process?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I don't know that I want to get into specific businesses, we're either going to keep or sell on the call, quite frankly. But I would say, we have discussions continually with the board regarding whether we're the right owner of the assets. And I would say, right now as we sort look across the portfolio, we think we're right owner. However, if a better owner is willing to pay us a strategic premium to be the better owner, we're willing to look at those types of things. But I think I sort of articulated why we thought NTD made sense to sell, but as of right now, all the businesses we have we think make sense in the portfolio.
Harris Iqbal: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tycho W. Peterson: Hey. Thanks. A couple on the international front, I want to start with Japan. Your commentary there seems a little more cautious and maybe some of the peers that are kind of guiding for status quo to maybe a slight improvement. So, wondering kind of what's behind that? And then in Europe, we had another negative data point from one of the smaller cap tools companies tonight on equipment in Europe. Just wondering what the risks are to that business? And then lastly in China, I didn't hear you quantify what you thought the government tenders on that could do this year, but if you can give any color around that, that would be helpful.
Robert F. Friel: Okay, let me go through. So in Japan, I mean, we were down sort of low-mid single digits in Japan; that's better than what we saw in 2015, but we're still concerned. I think what we've said in the past is, at least in the latter half of the year, we get easier comps. So, I think our view for Japan right now is sort of flat, maybe down a little bit. For us, we're seeing pretty good strength in Environmental, but continued headwinds in Human Health. And a lot it is because we think the academic funding is still not flowing. So, we will continue to be cautious on Japan. But like I said, I think it probably gets better in the second half of the year. Your question on China with regard to the blood screening, I think as Andy talked about, we had a very strong quarter there. And I would say when we think about 2016 versus 2015, we think that business at least doubles. And I think we've said in the past, that we think over the next couple of years, it's a $50 million business; we think we're well on track to achieve that. So, again, we feel very good about that business. We feel very good about the traction that business is getting and we feel very good about the percentage of tenders we're winning. Your other question I think was around Europe and was it specifically on product, tell me again, Tycho.
Tycho W. Peterson: Yeah. It was just more on equipment in Europe, I mean, we have two negative data points from tools companies that have missed on system sales in Europe, so I'm just wondering what  if there's any risk to kind of your outlook there?
Robert F. Friel: Europe for us was sort of mid-single digits and it was fairly even balanced between Human and Environmental Health. I think probably service grew a little faster than products, but I mean, nothing more than just sort of the overall macro concern that we I sort of highlighted before. If you look at some of the data coming out on the sort of production growth in the PMI, it makes you a little cautious. But I think we still feel like Europe's stabilized and should grow in the sort of low to mid-single digits.
Tycho W. Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
William R. Quirk: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. I guess first question, you mentioned the birth rates are down historically in Brazil 30% to 40% as a result of Zika. Obviously, it's an unknown here in the U.S. in terms of how this could expand, but there is some data out to suggest that you could be looking at multiple mosquito species as vectors and so, how are you guys thinking about that as it relates to the potential impact on overall screening in the prenatal space? Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I would say we're not really factoring that in in any sort of forecast. I mentioned that I think in the U.S., it was up 1% to 2%, and I think that's what we've assumed in our forecast. We'll see. If that starts to have a more dramatic impact and we see birth rates decline a little bit, we'll sort of adjust accordingly. But I would say right now, that's not our assumption.
William R. Quirk: Okay. Got it. And then, thanks for the color on the blood screening  Tycho's question. Do we have a target for when this should be fully penetrated within the China blood collection...?
Robert F. Friel: I don't know that it'll ever be fully penetrated because I think it will continue to grow. But I would say probably 2017 is the  is where  you'll probably see sort of a slowdown in instrument placements. But you'll still continue to see sort of reagent growth there, we believe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Elliott with Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff T. Elliott: Yeah. Thank you. Andy, just a question on the pricing environment. I think you said, strong pricing in Human Health, but I guess, could you give an update more color there and how about pricing in the Environmental side? Thanks.
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah. I would say, we typically across PerkinElmer, get pricing specifically around reagents and consumables and some pricing around service. Instruments have been a little bit more of a struggle. On the Human Health side, we implemented some new pricing programs and some discounting programs within our sales organization late in the fourth quarter last year, and we've rolled those out across geographies and we're starting to see the traction, first in the U.S., and we think we'll start to see traction in Europe and Asia to follow. But that's really where it's been focused. I think we'll probably take some of those learnings and port those over to Environmental Health as well. So hopefully, we can see some upside there. But I'd say, right now, in the consumables and reagents, we do get price typically, and then, of recent which I spiked out, we got some product price on the Human Health side.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I would say, I think we were a little bit pleasantly surprised by some of the price that was sticking. And we think to some extent, hopefully that speaks to the differentiation nature of some of the new products we are rolling out. So, I think a lot of times when you look at your ability get price, I think that hopefully reinforces the competitive nature of the product. And so, we saw it on a research side; later this year, we're looking to come out with some new products on the Environmental side and hopefully use that as a way to get some price. But I would say on the Environmental side, the price continues to be a little challenging until we get some more of the new products out into the marketplace.
Jeff T. Elliott: Got it. And then, can you break out how much you got from new products in the quarter, how much revenue?
Robert F. Friel: It was about  what we would calculate is about $18 million.
Jeff T. Elliott: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Robert F. Friel: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Brokmeier with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open.
Bryan Brokmeier: Hi. Good afternoon. Could you provide some color on your microfluidics business, particularly around, if you're seeing a disproportionate penetration of bench-top sequencers versus some of the higher throughput NGS systems? And in what types of labs are you seeing the most interest?
Robert F. Friel: So the microfluidics business did quite well in the quarter. I think it was up high single digits. I would say it was fairly broad-based. So I think we saw that growth across. I mean, I don't know that I can give you specifics into what types of labs that went into, but I would say we continue to see good growth in the microfluidics. And clearly, the NGS labs is a targeted area for us, but I couldn't give you the split.
Bryan Brokmeier: Okay. And you seem to have  I think a lot of your businesses had pretty solid growth. I don't know if you really talked a lot about where you're the most surprised, either positively or negatively? Could you get into that?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I mean on the topline side, we really didn't beat by that much, so I wouldn't say there was a lot of surprises. We spiked that a little bit on food, so food was probably a little bit better than we thought. And also I would say China probably came in a little stronger than we thought. But relative to the topline, we were maybe a little bit better, but not significantly. I think the real surprise this quarter that we talked about was really on the margin side and I think that really relates to the fact that we're starting to see the flow-through of some of the actions that we put in place, latter part of 2015, a little sooner than we thought.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with Leerink. Your line is now open.
Dan L. Leonard: Thank you. Rob or Andy, I was hoping you could give us an update on how to size your newborn screening exposure around the globe. So how much of your business is exposed to Brazil versus North America versus elsewhere in your newborn screening?
Robert F. Friel: Brazil newborn for us is in the  it's less than $20 million.
Dan L. Leonard: Okay. And Rob, can you talk about where ViaCell fits into the business now? I believe part of the rationale back when you acquired that company, was that there were some synergies between ViaCell and in NTD in terms of call point?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I would say, first of all, ViaCell in some instances, a stem cell transplant is a cure for some of the things that we uncover in our newborn screenings. So, I think there is a good tie there, and I think first of all, it ties well into our mission from the standpoint of Human and Environmental Health, so I would say that. And I would say cord blood is an area that I think for 2016, we believe there may be some opportunities here that  to see some nice growth. We've been participating in some studies and we could see some positive movement here in cord blood, I think, in the foreseeable future.
Operator: At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Rob Friel, for closing remarks.
Robert F. Friel: Great. Well, first of all, thank you for all your questions. So, let me just summarize and say we feel great about our progress year-to-date and look forward to continuing to strengthen and expand the PerkinElmer brand across markets and among our customers. And our hope is that in the future we'll continue to make an even greater impact around the globe. Thank you for your continued interest in PerkinElmer and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the PerkinElmer Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will have a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Tommy Thomas: Thank you, Bridget. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer fourth quarter and full-year 2015 earnings conference call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until February 18, 2016. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in the attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that PerkinElmer delivered a solid performance in the fourth quarter, wrapping up a particularly successful year, one in which we delivered significant value for both our customers and shareholders. Looking at the fourth quarter specifically, we grew organic revenue by 3% and, on a constant currency basis, grew revenue by 5% and adjusted earnings per share by 11%. We also achieved strong operating cash flow of $126 million, which represented growth of over 30% over the fourth quarter of 2014. For the full year, we grew organic revenue by 4% and, on a constant currency basis, grew revenue by 7%, expanded adjusted operating margins by 50 basis points, and increased adjusted earnings per share by 13% to $2.55. All these financial metrics met or exceeded the goals we established in January last year, despite a more challenging economic environment than anticipated. In addition to our strong financial performance, we also achieved excellent progress against our 2015 strategic priorities, addressed critical customer needs throughout our end markets, and expanded our capabilities technically, organizationally, and geographically. Moreover, our increased emphasis on innovation is now recognized throughout the industry and has resulted in a number of impressive awards. For example, our Phenoptics platform for quantitative pathology was named one of the top 10 innovations of 2015 by The Scientist magazine. And our NexION 350 ICP mass spec was chosen as the best new spectrometer by SelectScience at last year's Pittsburgh Conference. As we enter 2016, I'm excited about the opportunities I see to advance our mission and profitably grow the company. While we expect challenging global economic conditions to continue, our hard work up to this point has positioned us well to both invest in several compelling growth opportunities and, at the same time, deliver consistently attractive financial results. Specifically, rapidly changing technologies and analytics are playing a more pivotal role in healthcare and science than ever before. Growing populations are demanding better access to expanded healthcare offerings and safer food, while regulatory changes are focusing on the health of our families and the environment. The strategic priorities we have set for 2016 support the objective of improving our financial, organizational, and scientific capabilities, enabling us to make an even more profound difference around the world. For this year, the majority of our efforts will be focused on three areas. First, investing where we believe we have the most significant opportunities to increase, maintain, or capture leading share positions. Second, we are concentrating and expanding resources to accelerate our current momentum in driving innovation. While some of our competitors compete based on scale and scope, we are directing our efforts towards serving high-growth markets with differentiated capabilities, which we believe will in turn create greater customer value. A large part of what differentiates PerkinElmer is our ability to offer novel solutions that leverage the combined power of our technical capabilities and deep application knowledge. This year, we are increasing our efforts to more effectively collaborate with our customers and thereby enhance their scientists' discoveries or, in some cases, jointly enable breakthrough technologies. Third, we will continue to drive operational effectiveness globally by implementing a multi-faceted approach aimed at improving processes, simplifying our supply chain, improving quality, and driving efficiencies. This approach, combined with an imperative to continually enhance the organization's talents and skills, will both advance our competitiveness and improve profitability. Before Andy provides more color around our financial results and 2016 guidance, I would like to discuss the key strategic areas of focus and the investments we are making to support our future growth. With a broad set of offerings, it's important to differentiate our investments and focus on the programs that we believe will best advance our mission and provide the greatest opportunity for healthy financial returns. For 2016, these areas of investment include reproductive health, emerging market diagnostics, food quality and safety, and laboratory services. I'd like to spend a few minutes on each of these four areas. Our first area of focus is reproductive health. Worldwide today there are over 130 million babies born every year. Sadly, the majority of these newborns are never screened for serious but treatable metabolic disorders. As a result of the lack of testing, hundreds of thousands of newborns annually are afflicted by life-altering conditions that, in some cases, lead to a premature death. We believe this presents a significant opportunity for PerkinElmer to make a difference. And we are investing to expand who we test, how we test, and for what disorders we test. For example, many specialty and top pharmaceutical companies are increasing their focus on developing therapeutics for rare, early childhood diseases. As more treatment options become available for these rare diseases, we are developing this critical screen test needed to implement them. Many times these tests are developed in partnership with these pharmaceutical companies, enabling early disease detection and ultimately providing more children with the opportunity for a healthy start to life. We are particularly excited about the development work currently underway for assays that detect spinal muscular atrophy, Duchenne muscular dystrophy, and lysosomal storage and immunodeficiency disorders. Also within reproductive health, we are investing in prenatal testing. We recently announced our acquisition of Vanadis Diagnostics, which is developing a novel NIPT platform based on digital analysis of cell-free DNA. After a period of investment, we will be able to offer our customers a next-generation solution that gives wider access for NIPT for expecting mothers, with a cost-effective simplified workflow that many biochemistry laboratories can easily run. In emerging market diagnostics, we see significant opportunities to leverage our channel and capabilities by expanding our infectious disease testing portfolio. We're developing new tests, including multiplex bead-based genotyping assays for respiratory panel, hepatitis B and C, and HPV, as well as an HIV quantitative viral load PCR assay. We're also continuing to expand our Haoyuan blood screening business in China and leveraging our medical lab in Suzhou to expand its testing menu. Turning to the rapidly growing food safety segment, we are prioritizing our efforts to strengthen our franchise through the success of our Perten acquisition and by expanding our detection capabilities to better help customers analyze food quality and authenticity. This year, we will continue to invest in our detection solutions and leverage our extensive application knowledge and proprietary library of sample calibrations. These investments will bolster our position as the market leader in protein and moisture analysis, enabling robust quality of valuation to be performed across each step in the supply chain of food products. Recently, we were able to transform our benchtop infrared technology used to determine food moisture levels and batch analysis and deploy it as an online continuous analyzer to measure quality in the production of final products. We're also working with a large number of major global food producers to ensure that food supply is genuine, unadulterated, and free of residues and other contaminants. We believe this capability will increasingly become more important as governmental regulation and public concerns grow. Finally, in the laboratory services, we will continue to invest in our OneSource and informatics capabilities, as pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers seek to outsource their laboratory services to drive efficiencies and externally collaborate on the scientific research through advance open innovation. Specifically, we will invest in our leading electronic notebook platform to facilitate collaborative research and in high-value scientific applications such as our TIBCO Spotfire software for harnessing big data. In addition, we will expand our clinical analytics capabilities and develop new solutions for translational research and personalized medicine by leveraging our Signals platform, which integrates disparate data sets into a single platform for data discovery. On the service side, we will continue to develop our integrated service capabilities which can effectively align lab operations to improve scientific outcomes. Through these investments, we look to expand our work with existing and new pharmaceutical and biotech customers, as well as establish our service in additional end markets. To fund these potential significant opportunities, our 2016 operating plan incorporates an increase in R&D, while also generating healthy margin and EPS growth. While Andy will discuss our 2016 financial outlook in more detail, we are forecasting overall end market conditions to be similar to what we experienced in the latter part of last year, with some minor puts and takes. Consequently, we are guiding adjusted earnings per share of $2.65 to $2.75, which represents constant currency adjusted earnings per share growth of 8% at the midpoint, based on corresponding organic revenue growth of 3% to 4%. Despite our plan to increase R&D by about 10% or 40 basis points of revenue, we are forecasting constant currency adjusted operating margin expansion of 50 basis points. I will now turn the call over to Andy to discuss our financial results and operating plan in greater detail.
Frank Anders Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. Consistent with previous quarters, I'll provide some additional color on our end markets, a financial summary of our fourth quarter and full-year results, as well as details around our 2016 first quarter and full-year guidance. Given that foreign exchange has had a material impact on our financial results throughout 2015, I will once again provide much of my commentary on a constant currency basis in order to better portray our year-over-year results. For the fourth quarter and full year of 2015, foreign exchange negatively impacted revenues by $32 million and $142 million respectively and negatively impacted fourth quarter and full-year adjusted earnings per share by $0.08 and $0.25 respectively, versus the comparable period a year ago. For the fourth quarter, adjusted revenues were approximately $608 million, which represents cost of currency revenue growth of 5%, organic revenue growth of 3%, with FX negatively impacting revenue growth by 5%. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.86, up 11% on a constant currency basis from $0.85 in the comparable period a year ago. Please note, since we provided fourth quarter guidance in October, foreign exchange further impacted fourth quarter revenue and adjusted earnings per share by approximately $5 million and $0.02 per share respectively. The trends we saw through the first three quarters of 2015 continued through the fourth quarter. Looking at our end markets, we continue to see strength in pharma and biotech, stable academic and government spending, healthy demand in diagnostics and food testing, and stable but somewhat slower growth in our environmental, safety and industrial markets. Looking at our geographic results for the fourth quarter, we experienced high-single-digit organic revenue growth in Asia, while the Americas grew low-single-digits and Europe was essentially flat due to very difficult prior period comparisons, specifically in our research and analytical equipment businesses. In the BRIC region, fourth quarter organic revenue increased double-digits versus the same period last year, driven by strength in China, partially offset by weakening demand in Brazil and Russia. Switching to the segments. For the fourth quarter, Environmental Health organic revenue grew approximately 5% with Human Health increasing 2% as compared to same period a year ago. From an end market perspective, our Human Health business represented approximately 60% of reported revenue for the fourth quarter of 2015, with Diagnostics representing approximately 27% of reported revenue, while Life Sciences Solutions represented approximately 33% of reported revenue. Fourth quarter 2015 organic revenue growth from our Diagnostics business increased mid-single-digits as compared to the prior period, driven by strength in our prenatal screening and infectious disease franchises. Medical imaging grew low-single-digits in the quarter as demand for our CMOS and our new cassette panel was offset somewhat by weakening demand in radiography and radiation oncology end markets. Looking at the performance of our Diagnostics business in China, our Haoyuan blood screening business had an excellent quarter, which included a significant number of instrument placements, and we look forward to helping ensure a safe blood supply in China in 2016 and beyond. Overall, our Diagnostics business in China finished the year with broad-based growth and delivered a double-digit growth performance in the quarter. Organic revenue in our Life Science Solutions business grew low-single-digits in the quarter, driven by strong U.S. sales and continued robust growth in our OneSource multi-vendor services offering, despite a very difficult prior-year comparison. Geographically, within LSS, Japan continues to be weak and was a major drag on overall organic growth. In contrast to Japan, we were encouraged by the double-digit growth we experienced with our key global pharmaceutical and biotech customers. We've now reached the one-year mark of the combination of our research, informatics, and OneSource businesses, and we believe that we are uniquely well positioned to serve our customers. Moving to Environmental Health, which represented approximately 40% of reported revenue, revenues grew 5% organically for the fourth quarter of 2015. Our fourth quarter reported results benefited from broad-based demand with particular strength in food, as well as incremental licensing revenues. We are pleased to report that the Perten business had a very good year with solid organic revenue growth, good margins, and strong cash flow. We successfully achieved our year-one deal model expectations and we look forward to building on this momentum going forward. As Rob mentioned earlier, we had a strong performance in 2015, and I want to go over the highlights now. For the full year, we reported approximately 7% constant currency revenue growth and 4% organic revenue growth with foreign exchange representing a headwind of approximately 6%. Full-year adjusted revenue was approximately $2.26 billion, as compared to $2.24 billion in 2014. Full-year adjusted earnings per share was $2.55, up 13% on a constant currency basis from $2.47 in 2014. Looking at our geographic results for the year, we experienced mid-single-digit organic revenue growth across all major regions. In the BRIC region, full-year 2015 organic revenues increased approximately 6% compared to 2014. Looking at our emerging market organic revenue growth in total, it was once again up 7% for the full year, which is consistent with our performance over the last several years, a testament to the criticality of our products and solutions that we provide. As to our operating results, full-year adjusted gross margins were 47.6%, up 20 basis points on a constant currency basis, driven primarily by volume leverage, mix, and productivity gains. Full-year adjusted SG&A was 24.4% of adjusted revenue, down 50 basis points on a constant currency basis over the same period a year ago, driven by the success of our indirect spend initiatives. Full-year research and development spending was higher by approximately 20 basis points as compared to 2014, driven by increased investment in new products. Overall, we were pleased with our operational performance for the full year as we expanded our constant currency adjusted operating margins over 50 basis points. Our full-year net interest and other expense was essentially flat at $42 million, and our full year adjusted tax rate was just over 19%, better than expected for the year, due essentially to the geographic mix of earnings and to lower tax jurisdictions. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the year with approximately $1 billion of debt and nearly $240 million of cash, and we exited the quarter with a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.3 times and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.7 times. Turning to cash flow. I am very pleased to report that we had a very strong performance, growing approximately 30% in the fourth quarter. We experienced robust working capital improvement with strong cash collections and lower inventory requirements. Excluding the $20 million of discretionary pension funding we talked about earlier in the year, operating cash flow for the full-year 2015 was $307 million. To wrap up 2015, we're pleased with our performance as revenue grew organically 4%, operating margins expanded 50 basis points, and adjusted earnings per share grew 13% on a constant currency basis. Looking ahead to 2016, we continue to believe we're well positioned to deliver another solid financial performance. However, we continue to see the macroeconomic outlook as mixed. For the full-year 2016, we expect reported revenues to be in the range of $2.3 billion to $2.32 billion, up 2% to 3%, representing organic revenue growth in a range of 3% to 4%, with foreign exchange representing a headwind of approximately 2%. Full-year adjusted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $2.65 to $2.75, which represents approximately 6% to 8% constant currency adjusted earnings per share growth or 8% at the midpoint. Implicit in this guidance is constant currency adjusted gross margin expansion of approximately 70 basis points. As Rob mentioned, we are increasing our research and development spending in 2016. This incremental 40 basis points in R&D spend is expected to be partially offset by lower SG&A spend of 20 basis points. As a result, we expect to report full-year 2016 constant currency adjusted operating margin expansion of approximately 50 basis points, while reported adjusted operating margins are expected to expand by approximately 40 basis points. Our full-year guidance also assumes an adjusted tax rate similar to 2015 or approximately 19.5% and a weighted average share count of approximately 111 million shares, which assumes we deploy approximately half our free cash flow on share repurchases in the year. For the first quarter of 2016, we're forecasting reported revenues to grow organically about 3% or $530 million to $535 million and first quarter 2016 adjusted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.49 to $0.51. This concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, at this time, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Matthew Mishan with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Matt Mishan: Great. Thank you for taking my questions. On Human Health, that was where my model was a little bit off for the quarter. I think the organic growth came in around like 2%. And I was thinking it was going to be in the 3% to 4%. What was the driver of the lower performance in Human Health in the quarter?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I think it was fundamentally  comparisons to Q4 last year, we had very strong growth in Human Health last year in a couple of the areas and I would say that was probably the overlying issue.
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah. And I think, if you recall last fourth quarter, we talked about some revenue being pulled in, which created this very difficult comp. It was about $5 million. So, that obviously was another piece that we had to compare against in 2015.
Robert F. Friel: So, essentially, when you look at the full year, Human Health and Environmental Health both grew about the same. So PerkinElmer was a 4%, Human Health was 4%, and Environmental Health was 4%. So, in any given quarter, there can be some sort of above and beyond either because of comparison purposes or, as Andy talked about, things can move in and out of the quarter. But actually it was fairly consistent when you look at the full year.
Matt Mishan: Okay. And then the first quarter versus the full-year guidance on the organic growth, I think the first quarter's 3% and then for the full year it's 3% to 4%. Can you comment a little bit about the cadence as you go through the year as you expect a little bit more of a back-half weighted? And then, maybe a little bit about the seasonality around customer order patterns in the first quarter? And is there typically little bit more of conservatism from some of your customers in the first quarter knowing that they can put some orders off into the rest of the year?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I think as we think about the cadence of the growth, clearly it'll be a little stronger in the back half. Some of that is just a function of we've got some new products coming out as we saw in 2015. I think, again, we had some large sales in the first quarter of last year that we're sort of cycling up against, particularly in the area of informatics. And so, I think as we think about it, we'll see it a little bit stronger. I think we're also a little concerned about the economic conditions in the first quarter relative to what we see for the full year.
Matt Mishan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steve C. Beuchaw: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. Rob, I actually wanted to jump off on that, the point that you just alluded to, as you referenced macroeconomic conditions in the first quarter. It would be helpful if you could just isolate what you've seen in terms of the macro impact on the outlook and how that's evolved over the last 90 days or so. And then, to the extent you're looking for improvement over the balance of the year, can you give us a little bit more of a view on why it is that you're embedding that in the outlook?
Robert F. Friel: So maybe it'd be helpful to just sort of walk through the end markets a little bit, both from an application perspective and a geographic. But I would say, just specifically with regard to the beginning of the year versus the latter part of the year, I would say it's fundamentally in a couple of areas. I think as we've talked about in the past, medical imaging I think has a little bit of a stronger headwind in the first half of the year. So we think they could be down sort of high-single, maybe low-double-digit. And we believe we'll see that recovered in the back half. And I think you'll also  when we think about Japan, Japan I think again we expect to see a little bit more challenging in the early part of the year. And we think that's going to moderate here in the back. One of the reasons is because, again, we get easier comparisons in the back part of the year. So I would say those are the big contributors. But to just sort of walk through the end markets in particular, I think in the case of the pharma/biotech market, we saw a good 15%. We grew sort of high-single-digits. We think that continues to be a strong market for us, maybe gets a little bit difficult from a comp, particularly on the OneSource service side. But we've got some new systems coming out in the sort of middle of the latter part of the year. We've got some new liquid handling, some cellular imagers, and some reagent kits that we're excited about. So we see that probably improving in the back half but moderating, but continuing to be a pretty strong market for us. Academic was sort of low-single for us last year. We think that improves a little bit clearly in the U.S. because of the NIH budget, but continue to see probably flattish in Europe. That probably stays fairly consistent through the year. I think, in the food market, we've seen good strength there, probably mid- to high-single-digits for 2015. We think that continues. The Perten integration going well. We started to go up against some difficult comps in China because China was particularly strong for us. But we think that probably stays fairly consistent through 2016. I think the area that we're probably most concerned about is the industrial end market. And for 2015, it was sort of mid-single for us. I think, going into 2016, we think it's probably going to moderate here a little bit. And so I think we're a little concerned, particularly in the first half of the year. And so we're calling that to be sort of more low-single-digits with probably more pressure in the early part of the year and maybe improving here a little bit in the back. And then finally, on the Diagnostics side, I think we feel pretty good about that. Throughout the year, that was strong for us in 2015 and we think that continues to be strong, whether it's newborn, whether it's our infectious disease in emerging markets or prenatal. We think they all see pretty good strength here going into 2016, probably both in the first half as well as the back half.
Steve C. Beuchaw: And then I'll dovetail on that very briefly here. As it relates to China and the hospital environment in China, are you seeing any signs that that has stopped the sort of pace of improvement that we've seen here lately? Or is that continuing to get a little bit better?
Robert F. Friel: No. I think, for us, we continue to see nice growth in China. Now, some of that may be distorted because of the strong wins we're seeing in the blood screening area that Andy alluded to. We're seeing very nice interim placements there, and so we're quite excited about. So it may have to do with our mix of business, but we continue to forecast a strong growth in China. And of course, on the newborn side, we continue to see nice growth there as well.
Steve C. Beuchaw: Really helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Miroslava Minkova with Stifel. Your line is open.
Miroslava Minkova: Hi. Good afternoon, guys. Let me start with the top-line growth outlook. I appreciate all the commentary on the end markets. However, historically you have started with a slightly higher, more like in a 3% to 5% growth range. And you've talked about accelerating growth towards the mid-single-digit average. Can you maybe sort of give us the puts and takes a little bit? Why 3% to 4% this year? Is it all about the industrial markets? And how much would that be weighing on your overall top line?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I think that's probably the majority of the caution, I would say, going into 2016 year as we're  as I said, industrial for us grew mid-single-digits in 2015 and. as we sort of look at it right now, we're a little concerned about that. So we think that's going to be in the sort of more low-single digits. So I'd say that's probably the largest contributor to it. I would say also on the margin, I think we've talked about that medical imaging will probably be a little slower than what we've seen historically. So I would say those are the two changes. But as we think about the 5% versus 3% to 4%, we still feel like it's in that sort of 3% to 4% range. So I wouldn't say  I wouldn't read a significant deceleration into that.
Miroslava Minkova: Okay. And you gave us a lot of color on the areas where you're investing. You've stepped up R&D investment over the past year and it sounds like you're stepping them up again in 2016. Can you give us your thoughts about should you be sustaining these investments in the context of the current macro environment? And how should we think about your product flow in 2016? Can you sustain this as it has been the last few years? Or should we be seeing a more cautious stand, given where industrial markets in particular are?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say it's a couple of things. First of all, as I sort of alluded to a little before, we see some great opportunities in some of our end markets, so whether it's in the reproductive health, whether it's in food, whether it's emerging diagnostics or the laboratory services. And we think it would be unfortunate to not invest in those opportunities because we think there'll be potentially significant growth down the road. That's number one. I think the second thing is we're starting to see I think good insight into the opportunity to expand gross margins. I think it's an area where, if you look over the last couple years, while we've had good operating margin expansion, it's largely come from leveraging of our operating expenses. And as we've done some factory rationalization in shipping in the past, we're now sort of going into the factories themselves and driving Lean initiatives and focusing more on the supply chain. And so I think we're more confident that over the next couple years we'll be able to see improved gross margin and use that to sort of, in some ways, invest more in the businesses. And I would say the third aspect of it is I think we're trying to be more focused on where we're investing. And I think what you'll see going forward is a more concerted effort to invest in those areas where I think we've got leadership positions and terrific capabilities. And so I think it's a combination of all those things.
Miroslava Minkova: Okay. Sounds good. And maybe if I could sneak in a final one. The foreign exchange surprise on the bottom line, you called that out, of about $0.02 per share. It seems like at least relative to my motto, that wasn't that big of a difference on top line. Was there something about the mix of currency that happened this quarter? Where was the surprise?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think if you look at relative to when we guided in October until the end of the year, you saw some significant movement on foreign exchange, not only with some of the major currencies, but probably in particular in the emerging markets. So I think when you look at our split of our international, of course we've got a fairly heavy concentration in emerging markets, and if you look at the movement that's occurred in the fourth quarter, it's been much more significant on the emerging market side.
Miroslava Minkova: Okay. Thank you, guys. And I'll get back in queue.
Robert F. Friel: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Derik de Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik de Bruin: Hey. Good afternoon.
Frank Anders Wilson: Hey, Derik.
Derik de Bruin: Hey, a couple of questions. So, looking at the  if I heard you right, Andy, you said 40% reported operating margin expansion in 2016. So, that's about 18.1%-ish in 2016. So can we talk a little bit about forward operating margin expansion, and that 20% target? I mean, obviously, FX has been a huge hit to the margin target that you laid out back there (35:02). So can you just put this in terms of thinking about the longer-term trajectory, where's this going? Is 20%, 22% still in the cards?
Frank Anders Wilson: I think it is. I think we've made a conscious decision, though, as Rob mentioned, to invest some of that back. Our goal is not to get to 20%, 22% at all cost. So we're investing some of that back this year. But I think, underlying all this is the fundamental growth that I think still supports the 60 basis points to 80 basis points. And I think we're going to derive potentially more upside from that with some things that are going on in our gross margin that Rob just mentioned. So I think, at this stage, it may not be completely linear, but I think two things. One is we're going to continue to do the things that drive operating margin, whether that be Lean or indirect spend. But I think a lot of these investments that we're making in new products are going to start to convert into revenues that are going to be higher margin as well. So I think, if you look at it from a three-year or four-year point of view, which is the way we look at it, we still feel very, very good about our ability to hit that 20% to 22% operating margin.
Derik de Bruin: Great. So I want to talk a little bit about the acquisition you just did, the Vanadis for the NIPT technology. So, a couple of questions on this. First one is, what's going to be the incremental R&D spend to sort of get that to market? I mean, I know just looking at the white paper that they have out, I mean I know there's a proof of principle. And they've had some clinical trials  clinical data that's out. But it still actually looks like it's a ways. Like, what's the investment, what's the timeframe before that's going to be ready for prime time?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, if you look at the incremental R&D investment we're talking about this year, probably half of it or so is coming from Vanadis. And we're quite excited about the opportunity here. And the way I would describe it is, I think we understand the screening market probably better than anybody, with our work in newborn and prenatal. And our sense is, it's critical to focus on the workflow. So, rather than just looking at the detection technology, you've got to look at sample collection all the way to the patient report. And while we feel that NGS is identified with NIPT, it's identified a significant need and opportunity to provide an alternative to invasive screening. Our concern all along has been that the complexity of NGS, at least how it's done today, is not conducive to sort of large scale population screening. And therefore, we thought, and we've been looking for and continue to look at different technologies in a way that's sort of democratized non-invasive screening. And our sense all along is it's got to be a simpler format, a simpler work flow and one that can be sort of deployed into the labs that are out there today. As you may know, there's probably 1500 biochemical labs in the world doing clinical tests either through newborn or prenatal. Our sense is probably 100 or less than 10% are actually doing some kind of NGS per clinical testing. So, clearly, we need to define or I think there needs to be a simpler work flow and that's what excites us about Vanadis. It's simple, it's automated. You use basically one instrument. But to your point, it's early and so we need to invest, but we're quite excited about it. And it fits well within our current prenatal capabilities and channel.
Derik de Bruin: No. I mean, certainly, it fits in with your work flow. I mean the readers and microplate reader. Just the question I have on it, I guess, from a technical standpoint and maybe you may need to go with this offline, is that I know it does a  you take the cell-free DNA fragments and you convert them into circles like that. And I guess it's like what's the efficiency in terms of doing the conversion and the rolling circle like this? And then we can  this is may be too technical, but I'm just curious to see if it's high enough efficiency to sort of deliver the counts that you need on this.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I think our guys have looked at it. And, of course, the other thing, it uses imaging technology with fluorescence, and we understand that well. But to your point, it's early days and we'll continue to invest in it, but we're quite excited about it. And this is a team that's been successful in the past and so we're feeling pretty good about.
Derik de Bruin: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Schenkel with Cowen & Co. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: Good afternoon, guys, and thank you for taking my questions. So, first topic is margin expansion. You've guided us to model, I think it's 50 basis points of constant currency operating margin expansion. This is a bit below what I think many were expecting. So, two parts to just trying to get at this topic. One, does this guidance fully capture the margin relief associated with the inventory issues you're working through last year associated with the Waters' LC deal? And then, secondly, keeping in mind that part of the reason margin isn't higher is that you plan to hide an investment in R&D. You've been talking about your R&D investment leading to new product acceleration at the top line. Really is that being a major driver to revenue growth or revenue acceleration? It's not apparent based on recent results and your guidance that this is happening. So can you just talk about whether you did hit your 2015 new product revenue target of $35 million and what's embedded into 2016 revenue guidance for new products?
Frank Anders Wilson: Okay. Doug, this is Andy. Maybe I'll take the first part of the question and Rob will take the second part of the question. Our stated goal is and continues to be we think we can, with mid-single-digit growth, drive operating margin expansion in the 60 basis points to 80 basis points, some cases higher. We made a conscious decision this year because of a couple of what we think are very promising R&D programs to invest. And so, that is really the headwind to the margins. We're going to continue to try to drive more, but I think we feel like it's prudent to come out with a number that we feel like that we're comfortable with, at least at this point in the year.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. And what I would say is, first of all, relative to the NPIs, I think we've talked about that we've exceeded the $35 million that we laid out early in 2015 from the new product. I think it was probably closer to $40 million actually when you look at the results. And I would say, as we go here in early 2016, we think we'll do at least that amount, if not more. So I would say the new products are doing well and we're getting them out into the marketplace. I think the thing to consider though is, and I've sort of mentioned this in the prepared remarks, is we set some goals together  put some goals out there in January that talked about 3% to 5% EPS growth margin expansion. And despite some of the challenges from an economic perspective, we met or exceeded all of those. So I would say the NPIs are doing well, but of course some of the things where some of the other end markets have been a little bit more challenging from a macroeconomic perspective is offsetting the progress we're making on the NPIs.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. And one more. The commentary on industrial exposure, I mean I think we're all hearing what's going on in the news and seeing some of the data. But your commentary is a bit more negative than I think what we've heard from others in the group thus far. Your percentage of sales exposure isn't all that different from the diversified tools peers. So I'm just trying to get at what's driving this for you? And why would this be tougher in Q1 and improve over the year? Sorry to be basic about this, but it's just hard to understand why this would be a temporary cyclical industrial concern. Is it comps? Or is it something else? Thank you.
Robert F. Friel: So maybe I'd sort of clarify. So let me separate. The industrial concern is one of a full-year concern. And as I said, it's as simple as we grew mid-single in 2015 and we think that moderates to low-single. So, that's not necessarily a Q1 issue. The Q1 issue is more tied to medical imaging and some sort of large revenue recognition that we had in informatics in the first quarter. So those two are separate. The industrial one is more of sort of an annual issue. I don't know if it's unique for us based on our product mix, but we are a little concerned about it. To your point, it's not a huge exposure for us. But on the margin, it could be 30 basis points or 40 basis points of growth there. And then, I think the other one is we're concerned about the comp on pharma. And so, instead of growing high-single-digits as we did in 2015, we probably think that moderates to sort of mid-single. Those are basically the two things as we look into 2016 versus 2015 that we think are different.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Robert F. Friel: All right.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Patrick B. Donnelly: Hey, guys. It's actually Patrick Donnelly in for Tycho. Maybe just looking at the China screening market, can you talk about the impact from moving  the Year of the Goat last year was a bit of a headwind, moving through Year of the Monkey this year. Maybe just talk through how the birth rates were impacted last year and what kind of tailwind that could lead to screening revs this year?
Robert F. Friel: So, if we look at 2015, births in China were down about 10%. So we think it recovers that and maybe goes a little bit more. It's a little hard to parcel that out specifically because you've also got the one-child relaxation. But our sense is you will see births up this year relative to China, and whether that's high-single-digits or low-double-digits, it's probably in that type of range.
Patrick B. Donnelly: Okay. And then, staying in China, just on the nucleic acid testing market, there was a delayed implementation there. Can you just talk through where we stand with the tenders and what the impact on 2016 could be from that market?
Robert F. Friel: So we saw a very strong tender activity, particularly in the fourth quarter. And so, to a large extent, while we slowed down early in the year, I would say they sort of more than made up for that with the strong activity in the fourth quarter. And I think as we  or as Andy mentioned in his comments, we are very pleased with our win rate there. So our expectation is as we sort of get to the latter part of 2016, we'll start to see some of the ramp up in the reagents. Normally what we've seen historically there's probably a six-month implementation to when they get the instruments put in place and sort of they run some controls and tests and those types of things. So our expectation is we'll see the benefits of the win that we saw in fourth quarter in the latter part of 2016.
Patrick B. Donnelly: Are you still thinking that business could ramp to call it $50 million over the next three years?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. Yeah.
Frank Anders Wilson: That's right. Yeah.
Robert F. Friel: We feel good about that.
Frank Anders Wilson: We're north of $10 million this past year and with these placements in the reagent flow coming through, it'll ramp really quickly.
Patrick B. Donnelly: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Jonathan Groberg with UBS. Your line is open.
Jonathan Groberg: Great. Thanks. Andy, just I wasn't sure I exactly understood your answer. So, for 2017, do you still think you're going to do 20% operating margin?
Frank Anders Wilson: 2017? No, I didn't  I actually wouldn't respond to that. We were talking longer term. But I would say, given the investment and depending on where FX is, I think it's still the goal. But I think if FX continues to be a headwind, it's going to be a difficult goal. And again, as I mentioned before, we're not really trying to get to 20% just to get to 20%. We're trying to do it in a fairly logical, methodical way and invest back. And again, we made a conscious decision for 2016 to make those investments.
Jonathan Groberg: Sure. I get that. Your target before had been 20% and from your previous answer it wasn't clear to me. So, yeah, we should adjust for FX and maybe some of these investments in terms of what we're thinking about for out margin in 2017.
Frank Anders Wilson: I think that's fair. I mean, if you go back to our 18% guidance, I mean we came in at 17.6% that year and the difference was FX. So, I mean, there are going to be things that impact our ability to get there, but that's still our goal is to stripping that out and get to 20%.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I would say, John, we're trying to control the things that we can control, and obviously FX is a difficult one to do. I think if you went back and tried to do it on sort of a pro forma basis based on a euro of $1.25 or something when we set this up, my sense is we probably could get to the 20%. But as we sit here at $1.10 for the euro or whatever, I think that's going to be more of a challenge. The other thing is, when recently in January we came in and rather talked about a 2017 target, we've talked more about a longer-term 2020 target and felt like we could go another 400 basis point to 22%. So I think that's how we're modeling it. As we model that, we had R&D going up the 6% of sales or a 50% increase in R&D, and the way we're offsetting that is we expect 300 basis points of gross margin expansion and about 150 basis points of SG&A.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. Thanks for the clarification. And then, Rob, PerkinElmer has obviously been on a journey for a while and I think you made a distinct point to say, look, you're not trying to be all things to all people. You want to focus in the four key categories where you think you can be a real leader in your markets. And I'm just curious, as you've done the analysis and thought about the strengths that you want to have as a company and the leadership positions, how does  is it about throwing more money in some of these categories? Is it about being smarter in some of those categories? Is it about  is there more you can do from a business development standpoint, maybe divesting out of certain assets and utilizing those funds to invest more of the M&A to increase your competitive position? I'm just kind of curious internally how you kind of come to the decision to jack to boost the R&D spending?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. Well, first of all, I think it's all the above. I mean, but some we have more control over than others. So, in some of the more attractive areas or areas where we have stronger positions, we'd like to be more active on the business development side or M&A side, but again that's hard to predict. So we'll continue to look there. But, in the meantime, we'll try and control the things we can control. And so some of that is where we see opportunities and we want to be able to do that. But, as I mentioned before, this is always going to be a balance for us. I mean, we're not  it's going to be rare in a situation where we would come out and say we're not going to grow margin or EPS at all. But I think we're constantly trying to walk a balance between making sure we're returning cash to the shareholders and expanding operating margins, but at the same time investing in those areas that we think have great long-term prospects. So it really gets down to focus and prioritization. And so one of the things I was trying to lay out earlier is to say, look, I think you're going to see a much more differentiated and focused investment profile at PerkinElmer going forward. And I think the four areas that I identified are ones that are clearly getting a disproportionate part of the investment. And for the foreseeable future, I think that'll be the case.
Jonathan Groberg: And just one last one on that, a bit of a follow-up. You mentioned, Andy, I think 50% of your cash flow to buybacks. Should we assume  is there anything in the pipeline that you think could happen from an M&A standpoint? And should we assume that those four categories that you listed is where you'd be most interested from an M&A standpoint as well? Or is there a chance you'd go to a new pillar?
Frank Anders Wilson: I think that's right. I mean, this is half our free cash flow we still have. As I mentioned, we're 1.7% net debt to EBITDA, so we still have some leverage as well. And we think we have a number of things in the pipeline. So I would say it's really no different than any other time we've gone to it in a year.
Jonathan Groberg: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ross Muken with Evercore. Your line is open.
Ross Muken: I'm just going to touch quickly on a question that was sort of just asked. But as you think about the sort of transformation of the asset, and it's very clear you're kind of prioritizing growth here and that obviously makes sense given what longer term drives value. I guess, as you've seen some of the transactions already year-to-date in the market within or around some of the areas that you play, I guess when you think about your ability to execute at least maybe something moderately larger. Because it's been a bit of time since we've seen you do something more than sort of a small tuck-in. Is it always price, is it sort of a debate internally on fit, is it maybe not the right time? I'm just trying to get a sense for  again, given just the multitude of stuff that we've seen, I'm not asking you to comment on anything specifically, as you think about it, the various reasons? And then what's likely in your mind changed to allow you to maybe do something a little bit more substantial? Or are we okay with sort of just the small tuck-ins?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, first of all, it starts with strategy and fit, right? I mean I think, when we think about our acquisition pipeline, we set forth our priorities or what our highest priorities are and then we look for the assets that will continue to build our capabilities in those applications or end markets that we think are most attractive and fit best with our strategy. So I think it starts there. Then, of course, if you decide a strategic fit, it then gets the valuation and can we get good financial returns. And of course, one of the things we're always looking at is the alternative is either to invest back in the company or quite frankly invest in PerkinElmer by buying back stock. So, that's the process that it goes through. But, clearly, it starts with a strong strategic fit and attractive assets. I mean, as you pointed out, I mean I think going forward, and I think we've said for some time, probably the more likely scenario is we do more sort of bolt-on transactions, and maybe bolt-ons by their nature hopefully get bigger. But as I think, when we look at the opportunity or the alternative to do something larger, either because of fit, strategy or valuations, we don't see much out there quite frankly.
Ross Muken: Makes sense, Rob. And maybe I can just sense from the degree of the questions, obviously maybe modest disappointment on sort of the 8% FX neutral growth. I mean, it seems to me in this environment that that's a reasonable outcome given the investments. But I guess, as you think about the go-forward, I'm not asking for specific long-term guidance, but one would think, again to my prior point, the investments you're making should ultimately yield better top line and then hopefully then more margin expansion. So, I guess, as we think about the next few years, obviously going forward, I mean clearly your goal is to be at a materially higher earnings growth rate, correct? I mean, I guess when you were debating this with the board, was the trade-off, yes, we may be less on currency neutral this year, but the hope is this will yield a better outcome than where we were maybe prior to these investments going forward?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I think, absolutely. I mean I think the goal is that we make some investments this year, but that puts us in a stronger position going forward. And so the thought here is that, as you go out a couple years, both the top line and the corresponding EPS growth accelerates. And so, I mean that's the purpose of sort of taking it up. So, again, it was just some significant opportunities we saw in the marketplace and we think now's the time to make the investment. And even though, let's say, relative to our historical track record the EPS growth is a little lower, we think it's the appropriate investment to make. And over time, we think this will yield significant financial returns and a stronger company.
Ross Muken: Makes sense. Thanks, Rob.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dane Leone with BTIG. Your line is open.
Dane Leone: Hi. Thank you for taking the questions. Just a point of clarification in terms of the commentary. Do you guys consider 3% mid-single-digit growth or low-single-digit growth?
Robert F. Friel: No, I mean, generally the way we think about it is we would say sort of 4%, 5% and 6% as mid and 1%, 2%, and 3% as low.
Dane Leone: Okay. So, kind of in that context and in line with some of the other questioning on the call, how do you think about the natural growth rate? You guys have been kind of on that mid- to low-single-digit rate for a while now. And arguably, by comparison, other peers in your group kind of have put up some higher growth, even despite being conservatively larger. Do you feel that you might just be kind of investing in structurally lower growth markets and maybe you need to kind of consider or reconsider where you're kind of focusing over the long term for exposure?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I guess I would maybe initially take exception to your premise. So I guess, if I look back six years, I can only think of one year where we grew less than 4%. So I would say five years of the last six years we grew mid-single-digits.
Dane Leone: Okay. I mean, do you think that kind of 4% is the right growth rate?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think you've got to look at it, first of all, if you go back a couple years it was higher than that, but I think you also need the consideration is, if you look over the last couple years, I'm not sure the macroeconomic environment was one that, when you look across the globe, particularly lately in the emerging markets, it's been a little challenging. Of course, 28% of our revenue  and this is something we've worked on because we think longer term it's got strong prospects, but with 28% of our revenue in emerging markets, places like Brazil, Russia, et cetera, that's created a little bit of a headwind. So, actually, I feel pretty good with despite what we've seen in some of the challenging macroeconomic environments that we've been able to put 4% organic growth up. Feel pretty good about it quite frankly.
Dane Leone: Okay. So, in terms of the growth rate, do you think 19% without the FX adjustment is the right operating margin if we look to 2017 now?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I don't know that we want to get into sort of forecasting 2017 or 2018 or 2019. I mean I think what we've said is here's our forecast for 2016. I think, going forward, our expectation will be we'll continue to invest but we'll get, hopefully, good gross profit and gross margin expansion. And again, we've set a goal out there by 2020 to be at 22%.
Dane Leone: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
William R. Quirk: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon, everybody. First question...
Robert F. Friel: Hey, Bill.
William R. Quirk: Hi, there. First question, Rob, I guess, can you help us think a little bit about the academic market in Japan, kind of what are you seeing and are we starting to see any funding shake loose?
Robert F. Friel: Well, the academic market in Japan has been challenging for us, probably all of 2015. I was there a little while ago and I would say I'm not optimistic we're going to see a big turnaround there anytime soon. I would say, maybe the back half. I would say the only thing that's potentially happening is the comparisons obviously get easier this year. So maybe we'll see some release of some funding, but I think it continues to be challenging. I think what we're seeing in our business is the consumables still to do okay, but I would say in the capital equipment area is where the challenge has been. And unfortunately, in Japan, for us it's probably more of an instrument play than it is a consumable play. So we're hopeful that we'll see some improvement soon, but I'm not optimistic at least in the first half of the year.
William R. Quirk: Got it. Understood. And then, and you can probably categorize this as somewhat of an oddball question, but it's certainly garnering a lot of press. So, Zika virus, if we think about newborn screening, kind of how much exposure do you have in South America and are you guys keeping an eye on this at all? Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I mean, Brazil for us is not a large, that's probably the majority of where our newborn screening business is. We're growing in Mexico. But I would say there's sort of pluses and minuses, I mean obviously to the extent it reduces birth rate, that's not great. But I would tell you it is increasing sort of awareness of the whole sort of newborn health and newborn screening. So we're actually getting a number of inquiries as to sort of the opportunity to focus more and more on the newborn screening in Latin America. So it's obviously an unfortunate situation currently, but I think longer-term it is raising some awareness.
William R. Quirk: Okay. Got it. Thanks, guys.
Robert F. Friel: Okay.
Operator: Our next question is from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Isaac Ro: Good afternoon, guys. Appreciate you guys taking the question.
Robert F. Friel: Sure.
Isaac Ro: There's been a lot of  yeah, there's been a lot of inquiry around M&A so far, but I was interested in maybe exploring divestitures. I think you guys probably don't get enough credit for having been proactive, modifying the portfolio over the years. I'm curious if divestitures are in any way part of the operating plan over the next few years to hit your goals on the financials.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think as we become more focused and prioritize our investments, I think there probably will be a couple product lines that over the next year or two years probably become strategic for us. So, I mean, I don't know if it'll be a significant amount of revenue, but I wouldn't be surprised if in 2016 and probably in 2017 you see a little bit more focus on the portfolio, which will entail disposing of some of the product lines.
Isaac Ro: Got it. And then maybe a follow-up on the organic growth side. You had a lot of questions around the sort of sustainable organic growth rate. Do you guys need to do M&A to hit that mid-single-digit range that you aim for, just in the context of the current macro? Or do you think some tuck-in M&A would be needed to get you to that mid-single-digit range? Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: No, I don't think so. I mean I think as we look at the portfolio we have and we look at the end markets, and I think one of the things we didn't do (1:03:24) is just sort of shift the weighting a little bit. And obviously that's  part of the way we're doing that is through investment. But we have a number of our businesses and product lines that are growing well into the high-single-digits and low-double-digits. It's just that we've got to grow out in some of the areas that are a little bit slower growth. We've talked about it in the past. I mean we've got a strong position in radiochemicals and radiometric detection. It's a great business. We make a lot of money. But that every year probably grows low to mid  or declines low- to mid-single-digits. And so we've got a couple of those that obviously put a little pressure. But so over time as we shift the weighting to the higher growth areas, I think mid-single-digit is the appropriate number for us.
Isaac Ro: Got it. Thanks a bunch.
Robert F. Friel: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dan Arias with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Daniel Arias: Afternoon. Thanks for the question. Rob, just to go back to the industrials, are you able to put some numbers to the impact of what's going on in the energy sector on your GC and your ICP-MS franchises? I do appreciate that the exposure is smaller, but kind of just trying to better understand the effect that rate closures and oil prices are having, as we read what our energy guys are publishing.
Robert F. Friel: I would say the industrials exposure for us across the company is probably in the maybe 10% or so. So it's not a huge number. If I was sort of prioritizing industrial exposure, it starts with sort of fine chemical and petrochemical. So oil and gas is sort of a little further down. I think where we're seeing it though, so it's not specific to oil and gas or sort of natural resources. It's the sort of knockoff effect that I think it's having. So we're seeing the impact of some countries that are relying on oil revenue. Clearly, they're pulling in. Clearly, in the emerging markets, the lower dollar or the stronger dollar is having an impact. So I think the concern on the industrial side for us is more broad-based than it is specific to oil and gas.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Jeff Elliott with Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff T. Elliott: Yeah. Thanks. First one for Andy here. Could you give a guidance number for free cash flow for 2016? And then you talked about using half of that on buybacks. How should we think about the pacing of buybacks during the year?
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah. I think, for 2016, we're going to shoot for what we've always shot for, which is one times net income. So, that'll be about $300 million of free cash. This is the first year we've had a three handle on our operating cash flow. So we hope that this year we'll have our three handle on our free cash flow. So, that's basically $150 million in buyback. I think you'll see that through the year maybe a little bit more front-loaded, but it will probably average to a weighted average share count of 111 million shares. So you can kind of do the math on that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dan Leonard with Leerink. Your line is open.
Dan L. Leonard: Thanks. I was hoping you could perhaps elaborate further on the sources of the 70 bps in gross margin expansion you're expecting in 2016. Rob, I think you made a comment about Lean earlier, but I thought there might be more to say.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I would say a number of things we're doing. Some of it is Lean and the in fact through we did get more efficiency, and where we'll see that is sort of expand our capacity. And then consequently we were looking at actually pulling some stuff that we've outsourced historically in, so we think we can get some savings there. I think clearly in the supply chain is I think we've talked about before. When we were moving in a number of the factories, we've been probably or we weren't as aggressive on the supply chains. So we're putting plans to do that. And then I think the other thing that will help is clearly the mix shift as we  partly the new products come out also as we sort of focus on these areas that have a tendency to be higher growth and higher margin. So I think the combination of those will make up the 70 basis points. I would say we're assuming for 2016 very little price. And so I know if we can get some price, that'd be great. But our assumption is that price is pretty flat for us. And so it's really coming from productivity and mix.
Operator: And our next question is from Paul Knight with Janney Montgomery. Your line is open.
Paul Richard Knight: Rob, earlier in your dialogue, you had mentioned the software acquisitions coming together along with your other focused M&A in Life Science. Can you talk about how the software business looks, like Cambridge and Spotfire, and kind of that convergence point you're starting to see?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I think it continues to perform well. It had a good 2015. I think we're forecasting probably high-single-digits for it in 2016. And our strategy in the informatics area is that we've built some great capabilities around the ability. For example, Spotfire is a very powerful tool with data. And then, of course, we've got our electronic notebook, which is great at sort of collaborating the data. And so what we're doing now is building that bridge, because the challenge is getting access of that data sort of easily. So what we're looking to do is take  if you think about ELN as a data repository and you think of Spotfire as the ability to give you good analytics and visualization, we're now working on that sort of in between that gap. So our approach is to make sure that we get the right data to the right people very easily in sort of a scalable, very useable format. And we're getting a lot of receptivity around that, and we're building some terrific capabilities. And then when we do that, it allows us to better leverage what we're doing on the instrument side and build that linkage. So we fundamentally create the informatics and the software to allow people to take data out of a repository, analyze it real well, and then we facilitate getting that information into the repository through our instrument in imaging and other capabilities. And we're seeing a fair amount of receptivity with a number of our customers.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Joshua Waldman: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my call. It's actually Josh in for Steve tonight. Just making sure I didn't miss it, did you guys provide a tax rate on the quarter?
Frank Anders Wilson: We did. It's for the year. We basically said flat to 2015 or 19.5%.
Joshua Waldman: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Sachin K. Kulkarni: Hi. This is Sachin in for Brandon. Thanks for taking our questions. Will you discuss the strength in operating margins you saw in the period, particularly in Environmental Health? Was it a lot stronger than we had in our model? And speaking of like the 50 bps of core operating margin expansion for the year, would you divide that up between like Human Health and Environmental Health?
Frank Anders Wilson: Sure. For the quarter, on the Environmental Health side, we saw a couple of things. One is we saw a very positive mix shift into MATCAR (1:11:09), and we also talked about some licensing revenue, very high margin. And then we also did a lot of work in the fourth quarter around some cost controls. And so I'd say that's about half and half. And again, they had a fairly easy comp from a year ago. It's kind of the flip of that with Human Health where we saw very, very strong margins in the fourth quarter of 2014, so a much more difficult comp for them. So, a little bit of the comp, a little bit of the mix and some cost controls. As far as the 50 bps, I think that it's fairly evenly split. If you look at the full year for 2015, I think both businesses contributed. I think if you move forward to 2016 and look at the margin expansion, you're going to see more of it coming out of Environmental Health because we're really making the investments in the Human Health segment.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. If you look at the four areas that I highlighted, three of those come out of Human Health: so the reproductive health, the emerging diagnostics and the laboratory services. So clearly there's much more investment going back into Human Health this year, and so the majority of the margin expansion we expect will come out of Environmental.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question is from Bryan Brokmeier with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Bryan Paul Brokmeier: Hey. Good afternoon. Thanks for squeezing me in. Rob, could you elaborate a little bit on the strengths, the level of strength you're seeing in the newborn screening market in the U.S.? And the benefit you might be seeing from any more  if you're seeing any more states expanding their test menus, including anyone yet adopting LSD screening?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, first of all, the strength that we've seen historically has been probably more outside the U.S. than in the U.S. I mean U.S. is growing, but if you look at the strength it continues to be in emerging markets in China and those types of areas. What I was referring to was the number of investments that we're making in the LSDs and the TMV and those types of things, which we're excited about, but you're probably not going to see those into the U.S. market probably till end of 2016, 2017 at the earliest. So these are investments that you're probably not going to see. The U.S., the growth there is coming from our SCIDs platform that we introduced about a year or so ago. So, like I said, we're excited about these investments. We think they continue to build out our strong position in the marketplace. But I think a number of these will not have meaningful revenue in the U.S. probably till 2017 because generally what we're doing with these tests is probably going to Europe first. So we'll see them introduced in Europe probably as a CE-marked IVD and then you'll see it later in the U.S.
Operator: Thank you. I'm not showing any further questions. So I'll now turn the call back over to Rob Friel, Chairman and CEO.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you very much. First of all, let me wrap up by again thanking you for joining us this afternoon. And I want to reinforce the terrific opportunity we have to continue to innovate across our capabilities of detection, imaging, software, and service to enable critical insights that will have a dramatic impact on improving human environmental health for the better. I hope you all have a great evening. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our program. And you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day and a great weekend.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the PerkinElmer Q3 2015 Earnings Conference Call. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Tommy Thomas, Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Tommy Thomas: Thank you, Christy. Good afternoon and welcome to PerkinElmer's third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of today's earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until November 19, 2015. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change, so you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in the attachment, we will provide the reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to report that we delivered strong financial results during the third quarter. We grew revenue on a constant currency basis by 10% and grew organic revenue by 6% with 7% growth in Human Health and 5% growth in Environmental Health. Adjusted earnings per share increased by 16% on a constant currency basis, and we continued to expand adjusted operating margins. Through the first nine months of 2015, we are tracking well to our financial guidance provided in January despite some incremental headwinds in a few end markets. The success we saw in the third quarter reinforces PerkinElmer's strategy of innovating across our core capabilities of detection, imaging, software and service, which allows us to build strong market positions and attractive end markets. Our deep market knowledge and breadth of scientific capabilities means we can deliver targeted solutions to our customers, fueling breakthroughs that help improve quality and longevity of life. I would like to highlight a few examples from the third quarter, where our unique capabilities continued to support our customers in the critical work they perform. In the area of imaging, we are working with a number of top-tier research institutions in cancer immunotherapy through advanced research and the interaction between mechanism of host and disease. Using PerkinElmer's vector multispectral imaging platform combined with our novel multiplex labeling reagents and image analysis algorithms, these customers are now able to visualize and quantify the complex relationships between cancer and immune cells in samples of diseased tissue. Critically, these interactions are shedding light on important biological pathways at the heart of immuno-oncology such as PD-1 and PDL-1 that are enabling some of the most promising new cancer treatments. Additionally, during the third quarter we expanded our relationship with the Monash Institute of Pharmaceutical Science in Victoria, Australia. Researchers there are relying on a number of our analytical instruments and lab automation systems to study the impact of inhaled oxytocin on preventing or treating postpartum hemorrhage, a leading cause of mental mortality or maternal mortality. In the area of research, one of the largest pharmaceutical companies recently purchased our suite of high content imaging and informatics solutions to screen their vast libraries of compounds and assays, the activity of small molecules and biologics on suther (4:33) phenotypes. PerkinElmer scientists and engineers have developed a way to read out this activity at the cellular and sub-cellular levels and combined with our advanced machine learning based software, we're enabling this customer to automate and rapidly deploy image analysis across large numbers of samples. The key element behind our ability to meet customers' big data challenges has been the development and validation of enterprise informatics solutions to enable the integration and management of these rich, complex, multivariate data sets. I've shared this particular example because it reinforces the value of offering unique imaging and detection capabilities as well as the analysis visualization and collaboration software to understand, interpret and share relevant information. Increasingly, our research customers are realizing the value in our full solutions that draw upon our entire portfolio, including informatics, OneSource services and advanced imaging and detection products. In the third quarter alone, business with our top research global accounts, which comprised about 10% of our sales grew mid teens. This ability to combine detection analysis software and service has been one of the cornerstones of our newborn screening business for many years and is why PerkinElmer solutions and expertise are vital components in global healthcare agendas. Our newborn screening franchise continued to make good progress in the quarter to support customers' needs to expand screening. In Kyrgyzstan, a new program was established that will serve about 250,000 births per year. We also helped to bring skin testing to more countries piloting menu expansions, and in our medical lab in Suzhou, China is meeting pent-up demand for neonatal, prenatal and infectious disease screening across China. During the third quarter, we continued to introduce new products into the market, as we are committed to both responding to and anticipating change through a relentless focus on innovation to solve customer challenges. In the third quarter, we debuted our Opal tissue staining kits, which are part of our new Phenoptics workflow offering and includes staining capabilities, imaging technologies and image analysis software to help customers in the fast growing area of quantitative pathology. As I mentioned previously, these capabilities are enabling researchers, oncologists and pathologists to better characterize immune cells and tumor cells within tissue in ways not previously possible. During Q3, we also launched Signals for Translational, which is a cloud-based informatics platform for pharmaceutical researchers that aggregates, manages and analyzes experimental and clinical data from multiple sources. Signals for Translational helps scientists better progress from data acquisition to biomarker discovery and validation as they develop drugs tailored to patient's individual needs. And with the growing majority of top global pharmaceutical companies engaged in translational work. We see PerkinElmer's Signals platform as a key enabler in this field. In addition, we introduced the TGA 8000 analyzer for advance materials characterization. This is a prime example of how we are evolving our detection capabilities so that PerkinElmer customers can better progress from samples to answers and insights. The TGA's range of applications includes determining contaminates in products or in their packaging. To answer an increasing need across the customer base, this instrument runs on new software for high sensitivity thermal analysis and features remote status monitoring. As we move ahead, we see clear opportunities that benefit from positive long-term trends across human and environmental health. In the near-term however, we are balancing our long-term enthusiasm, while closely monitoring several areas of uncertainty. Among the strongest tailwinds are the biotech and pharma markets, where our global account approach and product offerings give us access to attractive areas bolstered by heavy customer investment. Additionally in China, while the overall economy is slowing, the criticality of our solutions directly address long-term priorities for the country. Last week's announcement of the end to the one child policy should noticeably boost our business over the next several years. Furthermore, the government's focus on ensuring a cleaner environment, safer food and overall access to healthcare will hopefully translate into positive impacts for both local funding and China's next Five Year Plan. In Europe, a number of countries' economies are stabilizing, although the current immigration issue could redirect spending in certain sectors. And lastly, the US is on track for solid growth as we close out the year. On the other hand, a significant headwind in the short-term is Japan's deteriorating economy as funding delays are causing very weak academic and government spending. Our medical imaging business also faces tougher market conditions than it has in years past. More recently, customer ordering patterns for this business have become incrementally challenging, creating further softness in the fourth quarter. Furthermore, as you're all aware, the strength of the US dollar is posing challenges for emerging countries such as Brazil. This is coupled with the drop in oil prices, forcing oil-producing countries to normalize demand, potentially softening future revenues and curtailing research and spending on improving healthcare. On balance, we are optimistic about the macro conditions but recognize some markets remain challenging. Based on our guidance for the fourth quarter of 3% to 4% organic revenue growth and adjusted EPS of $0.86 to $0.89, we would deliver full-year results of 8% revenue growth in constant currency, organic revenue growth of 4% and adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis of approximately 13%. However, just as important as these financial results, we continue to make excellent progress in advancing the strategic priorities of the company and improving our operational and technical capabilities. Our success to date positions us to deliver on our commitments to our customers and shareholders while driving our mission to improve human and environmental health. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy to give more color around our Q3 results and fourth quarter guidance.
Frank Anders Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon everyone. Consistent with previous quarters, I'll provide some additional color on our end markets, a financial summary of our third quarter results and details around our fourth quarter 2015 guidance. Given the continuing impact of foreign exchange on the comparability of our results, I'll once again provide much of my commentary on a constant currency basis in order to better portray the results in the quarter. For the third quarter, we reported approximately 10% constant currency revenue growth and 6% organic revenue growth with foreign exchange representing a headwind of approximately 6%. As we have previously communicated, there was an extra week in the third quarter and we estimate the impact of that extra week on organic revenues was approximately 2%. Adjusted revenues were $563.6 million in the third quarter as compared to $542.9 million in the same period a year ago, driven by broad-based demand. Third quarter adjusted earnings per share was $0.60, up 16% on a constant currency basis from $0.57 in the comparable period a year ago. Looking at our geographic results, we experienced mid single digit organic revenue growth in the Americas and Asia and high single digit organic revenue growth in Europe. Year-to-date, organic revenue growth has been mid single digits across all three regions. We are pleased to report that our results in Europe have shown positive organic growth in the last five quarters and we expect demand in Europe to remain stable for the balance of the year. In China, revenues grew high single digits organically and we remain comfortable with our full year outlook of high single digit organic revenue growth. As to our operating results, third quarter adjusted gross margins were $47.2%, up 40 basis points on a constant currency basis, driven primarily by volume leverage, mix and productivity gains. For the nine month period, gross margins improved by 50 basis points on a constant currency basis. Third quarter adjusted SG&A was 24.8% of adjusted revenues, essentially flat over the same period a year ago. For the first nine months of 2015, SG&A is down 50 basis points on a constant currency basis, the result of continued operating leverage and from our indirect spend initiatives. Research and development spending in the third quarter was up modestly as compared to the same period a year ago, driven by continued investments in innovative new product development and incremental investment at Perten. Year to date R&D spending is up approximately 30 basis points on both a reported and adjusted basis as the impact from FX was immaterial. Overall, we were pleased with our operational performance in the third quarter as we expanded our constant currency adjusted operating margins over 50 basis points and approximately 70 basis points year to date. We're encouraged by our third quarter margin expansion given the difficult comparison from the prior period. Net interest and other expense in the third quarter was approximately $12 million, impacted by higher than expected foreign currency losses in the period offsetting a favorable adjusted tax rate for the quarter of approximately 19%. We expect our adjusted tax rate for the full year to be approximately 20.5%, which is consistent with our performance year to date. Switching to the segments, third quarter organic revenues in our Human Health business increased approximately 7% and Environmental Health organic revenues grew approximately 5%. Year to date, organic revenues have increased 5% in our Human Health business and 3% in our Environmental Health business. From an end market perspective, our Human Health business represented approximately 61% of reported revenue in the quarter with diagnostics contributing 28% of revenue and research 33% of revenue. Organic revenue growth from our diagnostic business increased high single digits off a double digit comparison in the comparable prior year period. This was driven by continued strength in our newborn screening franchise offset by flat organic revenue in medical imaging due to difficult prior year comparisons and customer ordering patterns. We continue to be encouraged by the broad acceptance of our new cassette and CMOS offerings, but expect a challenging fourth quarter due to softening demand within the radiology and radiation oncology end markets. We expect these conditions to persist through the first half of 2016, but anticipate the softness to be partially offset by demand for our new cassette and CMOS product launches. We once again experienced strength across our diagnostics offerings in China, growing double digit in the quarter with a strong performance in our newborn screening and prenatal business. As Rob mentioned, we're pleased that China has announced the elimination of the one child policy, and we believe that this should have a positive impact for our diagnostics offerings over the next several years. Our Haoyuan blood screening business had an excellent quarter of growth, albeit off a low base. We're hopeful that the adoption and enforcement of nucleic acid testing begins to ramp more quickly in the coming months, but visibility as to the exact timing remains unclear. Organic revenue in our life science solutions business grew high single digits in the third quarter, driven by strong instrument sales and high content screening and imaging, strength from our informatics offerings and robust growth at our OneSource multi-vendor services in spite of a very difficult prior year comparison. We continue to be pleased with the double digit growth we're seeing with key global pharmaceutical and biotech customers, the result of our efforts since early this year to better combine our research, informatics and OneSource multi-vendor service offerings into targeted solutions. Globally, we continue to see stability in academic and government end markets, while pharma and biotech markets have improved with the exception of Japan, which continues to experience weak demand. Moving to our Environmental Health business, which represented approximately 39% of reported revenue in the quarter. Revenues grew 5% organically. Our third quarter results benefited from increased food and environmental demand with stability in industrial end markets, driven to a large extent by success from our inorganic, Perten and material characterization offerings. We're pleased to report that Perten had another good quarter. I recently visited with the team in Sweden and came away more bullish about the opportunity to expand our addressable market as we look to develop more dedicated food analyzers combined with our FTIR capabilities with Perten's core technology. We believe there are a number of additional cross-business opportunities as Perten benefits from the broader global reach and footprint of PerkinElmer. Turning to the balance sheet, we finished the third quarter with approximately $1 billion of debt and nearly $200 million of cash. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.5 million of our outstanding shares for a total consideration of approximately $72 million. We exited the quarter with a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.3 times and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.9 times. Turning to cash flow. We continue to see strong cash collections, offset by additional inventory requirements. Year to date adjusted operating cash flow from continuing operations was $189 million, essentially flat versus the same period a year ago. The increase in working capital reflects additional inventory related to new product launches, including our relationship with Waters, as well as normal seasonal patterns. We expect these levels to decline over the balance of the year and continue to expect our full year adjusted free cash flow to net income ratio to be consistent with our guidance provided earlier in the year. Overall, we are pleased with our year to date performance as revenues grew organically 4%, gross and operating margins expanded 50 and 70 basis points respectively and adjusted earnings per share grew 15%, all on a constant currency basis. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we believe we were well positioned across the majority of the portfolio to deliver another solid top and bottom line performance despite a couple of areas of softness, specifically medical imaging in Japan as well as the strengthening of the dollar. As a result, we now expect our fourth quarter reported revenues to be in the range of $610 million to $620 million, which represents approximately 7% constant currency revenue growth and organic revenue growth in a range of 3% to 4%. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.86 to $0.89, which represents approximately 9% constant currency growth at the midpoint. For the full year, we're narrowing the range of our adjusted earnings per share to $2.56 to $2.59, with the midpoint maintained at $2.57, representing 13% constant currency adjusted earnings per share growth. For modeling purposes, you should focus on the midpoint of the revenue adjusted EPS guidance ranges, as our most likely view for the fourth quarter. This concludes my prepared remarks. Christy, at this time we could open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Doug Schenkel of Cowen. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: Hey, good afternoon and thank you for taking the questions. I guess my first question is really on capital deployment. So Rob, you've talked about having $1 billion of M&A capacity for the next few years. You've talked about the deal pipeline being robust, but acknowledged that valuations are still pretty high. I think while it's only been a few quarters since you outlined some of the criteria, the activity has been somewhat limited. Would you be willing to share how you're thinking about the deal pipeline today and when you might pivot to other ways of deploying capital, if the opportunity to pursue M&A remains limited?
Robert F. Friel: Sure. So as you mentioned, we continue to feel like we've got a good pipeline. I would say it's again as you mentioned, I think some of the valuations have been a little challenging. So one of the things, I think Andy talked about it, we did buy some shares back in the third quarter. I think it was about $70 million or so we spent on share repurchasing. And the way we're thinking about this is, obviously as the deployment of the capital from an M&A perspective gets delayed, obviously in the quarters we continue to generate more cash flow. So we're getting more comfortable with the idea of saying we can take shares out and still maintain significant capacity to do M&A. So that's why you saw in third quarter, we started to get a little more aggressive on the share buybacks. And so I think if we continue to be unable to do some things on M&A perspective, we would continue to return the cash back to shareholders through share buyback.
Doug Schenkel: Is there some point where you might thinking about doing something more meaningful in the form of a buyback?
Robert F. Friel: I think we continue to feel pretty optimistic about our ability to do some things on the M&A perspective. So hopefully, we'll see how things change, but as of right now, I think given our view that we think we can get some things done here, probably unlikely to see something where it would be a big share buyback, but I think doing a little bit of both I think is probably what I would expect going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joel Harrison Kaufman: Hey guys. Thanks for taking the question. This is actually Joel Kaufman in for Issac. Just to start off first with margins. Obviously the margin story has progressed nicely over the past couple years. Could you maybe just clarify exactly what are the key operational initiatives you guys are focused on going forward to drive that next leg of margin expansion aside from driving just top line growth?
Frank Anders Wilson: Well, I think a key part of it is the leverage we're going to get from the top line. We've always said that's really about half of what we think we can deliver from a margin expansion perspective. We also have talked quite a bit about indirect spend. Year to date we actually on a constant currency basis have saved $10 million year over year on our indirect spend initiative. So we're actually a little ahead of schedule there. Obviously, all this has been impacted somewhat by the change in FX rates, but I think overall we still feel comfortable with that cadence of 60 to 80 basis points, 70 to 100 basis points of margin expansion going forward, assuming reasonable growth. We also have rolled out some lean initiatives. I think that's going to help drive some of the progress on the gross margin side, specifically within the factory. So I think you're going to see really three pieces, continue tight controls over SG&A. I think you'll, it continue to see margin expansion on the gross margin side through factory enhancements and efficiencies. And then the leverage we get from the top line and hopefully that's also going to end up continuing to be a positive mix as we're seeing Human Health grow at a faster pace than Environmental Health and they have higher margins.
Joel Harrison Kaufman: Thanks. And then just one on Europe, appreciate the comments you guys made earlier there and calling out the strength and in the region. Should we be thinking about that as just easing comps or a broader improvement in underlying demand?
Robert F. Friel: I actually think it's a little bit of both. I mean clearly we're getting the benefit of a difficult 2014, but I think at the same time, we mentioned the fact that we are seeing some stabilization in demand, and so I think going forward, we feel pretty good about the pace of growth in Europe. I would say the only area that we're sort of watching a little closely here, and again I think we called that out a little bit, is with the recent pressure on the immigration, we're a little concerned that you could see some shifting of prioritization and to the extent that that may impact some of the incremental spending going into healthcare and research. But generally speaking, we feel pretty good about the demand profile in Europe.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Bryan Brokmeier of Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Bryan Paul Brokmeier: Hi, good afternoon. Furthering the question on M&A. Have you seen, you said you've seen challenging valuations, but some other companies in the space have talked about seeing some of those valuations come down, start to pull in a little bit. Some companies are starting to be a little bit more reasonable given the pullback in the space. Are you seeing that as well? And then secondly you also I believe talked about having about $1 billion in capacity to do M&A. Is that still how you'd look at it despite the recent share buybacks and sort of other things you've done with your capital deployment?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say on the valuation side, possibly, I mean probably for us the fact that the IPO market is getting a little bit more challenging probably with the smaller private companies, I think that's helpful. I think for some of the more public companies, I don't think the valuations expectations have changed much at least from my perspective. With regard to the $1 billion, I mean the way we think about that is both our borrowing capacity as well as our free cash flow generation over the next couple years. And I think the combination of those two leads us to believe that we could probably spend up to $1 billion.
Bryan Paul Brokmeier: Great. And what areas that you most focused on? You recently I guess that's been about a year now since you did the Perten acquisition. But is food safety still an area where you're focused on or are you more taking a look at on the Human Health side such as diagnostics and your biopharma business?
Robert F. Friel: Well I think first of all, one of the good things I think about PerkinElmer is both businesses I think have attractive aspects from an end market perspective. So clearly the environmental side, whether it's food or even in some of the applications within water, I think we continue to be  I think are very attractive. On the Human Health side, I think both the area of diagnostics, anything we could do to expand our franchise there. And selectively within the research areas again and then I would say the other area which really cuts across both is the area of software and informatics. So I think across the majority of the businesses, we would looked to be adding there from a bolt-on acquisition perspective.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mira Minkova of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Miroslava Minkova: Hi, good afternoon guys. Thank you for taking my question.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Miroslava Minkova: Maybe, let me start with your organic growth guidance for the fourth quarter. It seems like a bit of step down versus what you've done in the last couple of quarters, 3% to 4%. Appreciate that you had mentioned the comments on Japan, medical imaging. Is there anything else that we should be considering that may be happening in the fourth quarter, and also what are you assuming for budget flush there?
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, we're not assuming any budget flush in the numbers that we are forecasting. But I would say probably three things, and you mentioned two of them. One is clearly medical imaging and Japan and we probably think those combined are probably a 150 basis point headwind. And then I would say the third thing is if you recall, we had fairly strong Q4 last year. So we are cycling against a pretty strong comp. So, I would say the combination of those three things is something that we're considering when we give the guidance.
Miroslava Minkova: Okay. Got you. And on the change to the one child policy in China, obviously that you called it out, it must be a good thing for you. Help us, if you could please remind us how big your China neonatal business is right now, and how would you think about the impact?
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, I would say I think the impact longer term is going to be very helpful. When you think about 17 million children born in China, the potential for that to grow and maybe grow fairly significantly I think is real. I think the real question is, how long or what's sort of the ramp, and of course I think that's a difficult thing to quantify in the short term. One of the things we have done is we've gone back and you may recall in November of 2013, there was a relaxation of the one child policy for parents who were only children. And if you look over the last two years, there has been about 1.4 million of those parents that have applied for second children. That represents a little bit more than 10% of the parents that were actually eligible to do that. And if we go back and look at our business, that probably tracks pretty well that we think that had about a 12% to 15% impact on the growth in the newborn screening business. So again, if that's sort of a proxy of what's going to happen this time, you're going to see an increase, but it's going to be a fairly slow ramp. Hope that's helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Elliott of Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff T. Elliott: Yeah, with all the focus on new products, I guess can we get an update on what you're seeing in contribution from all the new products you launched earlier this year?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, we feel very good about the progress there. We talked about it in the beginning of the year, about a $30 million or $35 million contribution incrementally in 2015, and we think we're going to exceed the top end of that range. As we look at through the Q3 and what our expectations are for Q4, we think we'll be north of the $35 million incremental benefit.
Jeff T. Elliott: Got it. And do you have any anecdotes about the kind of synergies you now see (32:33) informatics and some of the other businesses? I know you've kind of moved around different pieces of the business lately, but an update on the synergies you're seeing there?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah well, a couple of them I sort of mentioned in my prepared remarks when I talked about the progress we're having with the sort of pharmaceutical companies. When we think about historically, we would have provided them say imaging equipment and now by packaging that together, we have customers now that are not only ordering our imaging equipment, but ordering some of our software, specifically sort of high content imaging software as well as Spotfire licenses and even in some cases enterprise related software. And if you look at the key global accounts, the top 20 global accounts where we've combined our informatics, OneSource and product offerings, those customers are growing mid teens through the first three quarters of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dan Arias of Citi. Your line is open.
Bryan A. Kipp: Hi, guys. This is actually Bryan Kipp on behalf of Dan. Rob, question for you. I mean on the margin  Rob or Andy. On the margin front, I mean strong organic. I know the mix was probably a little bit less favorable just because it was 61% versus 62% last year. But was still surprised by the soft incremental contributions here despite the strong organic pull through. So what were the dynamics there that maybe softened that? Was it one-time items? Was it mix, or was there something else in there?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say first of all, if you look at the beat on the top line, that fundamentally came in two areas. One is OneSource, and I think Andy talked about this was very strong. So we saw very strong growth in the OneSource offering. Again potentially benefited from the point earlier, where we're sort of combining it with OneSource in the product offerings and that has lower incrementals. I would say the other thing to point out is when we talked about the incremental higher revenue from the additional week, that also comes at relatively low margins. Because if you think about it, you're amortizing the cost sort of again 1/52 over that period of time, and the revenue for those additional days is much lower. So again the flow through on the incremental revenue from the week and the incremental revenue from OneSource lowers the flow through. Having said that, if you look at our EPS growth on a constant currency basis, it was still 16%.
Bryan A. Kipp: Appreciate it, and a two pronged one. One, the Europe comment that you had, are you guys seeing any softness because of a massive influx of refugees or is that just kind of a long tail? And the other thing is, can you just contextualize maybe the Opal tissue contribution cloud-based stuff, the launch that you did in 3Q with next year? Just early color, market, addressable market size, et cetera.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah so I would say, so first of all, I don't know that we're seeing anything directly from an orders perspective, but I would say we're hearing it in discussions with customers. So I would say it's a concern; at least it's a concern of the customers. But I wouldn't say we're seeing any hard evidence of that today. But I think obviously something we're aware of. I think with regard to the imaging opportunities, I think the way we think about that today is largely in the research use only, and I think in that, it's probably a $30 million to $40 million market opportunity for us. I think the greater market potential is to get it into the clinic. And that's something we're talking about and discussing internally, whether we make that investment or partner. But I think the significant growth opportunity there would be more in the clinical side. But having said that, we do see a nice $30 million to $40 million market on the research use only.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Knight with Janney Montgomery. Your line is open.
Paul Richard Knight: Rob, we've seen in the market more entries into the service side of the business. Are you seeing greater competition because of your success in the service strategy you deployed quite a while ago?
Robert F. Friel: I don't know that we're seeing any more competition. I guess my view is the competition has always been pretty formidable. But as I sort of mentioned before, we continue to do quite well. OneSource had a very strong quarter in Q3. And if you look at sort of year to date, they're growing well in the sort of mid teens or better. So we continue to do well and I think it has to do with not only I think the reputation and execution capability of the team, but also as we increase our capabilities around software informatics and again package it with this global account focus. We continue to see significant opportunity to grow that business.
Paul Richard Knight: And then lastly on the reagent side, I know that's been lower growth that you've liked in the past. How do you feel about your product mix now on the reagent side of your portfolio?
Robert F. Friel: Well I would say on the Human Health side particularly on research, that's been a real area of focus from an R&D perspective, sort of late 2014 and 2015, and we saw nice traction this quarter. So I think our reagents were up about, I'll call it low to mid teens in the quarter. Obviously diagnostics was strong; we saw strong in research. I think environmental is still an area, and it's less research and it's more consumables. We're seeing decent growth there, but we still need to get that up as a percentage of our revenue. But we were pleased with the performance, like I said particularly on the research side this quarter as some the investments we made in research and development were providing us benefits.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: Hello.
Robert F. Friel: Hello.
Frank Anders Wilson: Hi, Derik.
Derik De Bruin: Can you hear me? Hey.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah.
Derik De Bruin: Can you give a little bit more color on the medical imaging business? I mean are those products a little bit higher margin? and I guess what overall percentage of your sales is the medical imaging business?
Robert F. Friel: So medical imaging is probably I think call it 8% of our revenue, depending on the quarter, but in that sort of general range. If you look at medical imaging, you can think about it in three markets, there is the radiology market, there is an oncology market, and then there is I'll call it an industrial market. And roughly speaking, we'll call that a third, a third, a third. We continue to do very well in the industrial market. I think that's a combination of some new products we've gotten out there and I think we continue to capture share there. I think the challenge that we face is more in the radiology and oncology. And I would point out a couple things. First of all, obviously this is a business while we continue to think is very attractive, has a demand profile that's probably more volatile than the rest of the other PerkinElmer businesses, largely because it serves a more capital-intensive end market. So again, while we think it's an attractive business, clearly differentiated capabilities and overall serving attractive markets, it is going to have a little bit more volatility because of the capital intensity of their customers.
Derik De Bruin: Great. That's helpful. And did I hear you correctly, you felt like the medical imaging business would be down in at least until the second half of next year?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think we believe it will be down in Q4 and we're not really getting into 2016 guidance now. But I would say it's probably going to be stronger in the back half of 2016 than it is in the front half. Unclear whether it'll actually be down in the first half of 2016.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dane Leone of BTIG. Your line is open.
Dane Leone: Hi. Thank you very much for the update. So kind of a bigger picture question here. You guys have a good diversity of businesses, where you are a leader in those businesses and that's served you guys pretty well, especially over the last couple quarters versus peers in terms of some volatility. I guess the strategic question is, you guys have flexibility and can be pretty nimble into moving into new markets. What's the appetite for moving into some of the higher growth, higher margin markets more aggressively like clinical diagnostics, perhaps point of care, molecular or more of the core genomic space?
Robert F. Friel: So I guess the way I would describe that is, when we think about sort of philosophically the portfolio in businesses that we're sort of attracted to, I would say we think about a couple things. First of all, is it a business that fits well with PerkinElmer. And what I mean by that is, is it consistent with our mission and vision around human, environmental health. The second thing is, is it attractive from the end-market, again does it have differentiated capabilities, are the financial returns attractive, and then finally, are we appropriate owners, meaning can we make it better, are we willing to invest in it and what does it do for the overall portfolio. So I think a number of the areas that you mentioned, I think probably fit all those from the standpoint it's consistent with the mission, obviously attractive growth, in some cases we'd have to understand and make sure the financial returns are appropriate. And I think a lot of them would fit well with what we do. So whether it's additional investments in clinical diagnostics or et cetera. Just finding the right assets and making sure the returns make sense relative to the price. But I think all those areas and a majority of those areas are ones that I think we would find attractive, if we thought the asset fit well with what we're trying to achieve and we could make sense out of the financial returns.
Dane Leone: So if we think about the success that you've had with the Caliper transaction, moving into new markets or adjacencies, do you think it's a better strategy to work in maybe a smaller part of the market and then broaden out, say like starting in single cell and then broaden out, or go with a very broad platform technology to kind of make the first footprint there?
Robert F. Friel: Well it's a little hard to generalize overall, but I would say our success has been generally more in areas that are sort of more niched, where we can be differentiated based on capability and rather than taking on some of the larger players in let's say molecular diagnostics or some of the broader areas.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Beuchaw of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steve C. Beuchaw: Hi, guys. Thanks for all the color here and thanks for taking the questions. Just two pretty simple ones from me, one for Rob and one for Andy. Rob, the commentary that you gave on the health of the different end markets was really thorough and really helpful. Would it be fair to say that as we roll it all up, I mean thinking about where we are at health end markets as we look out over the next several months, is it in total roughly the same in terms of the end market growth outlook as a year ago, the moving parts or the sub-components just differently mixed in terms of what's a growth driver or not? And if not then how might you compare the profile, the aggregate end market growth now to a year ago? And then my second question for Andy, I wondered if you can give us any sense, based on what you're seeing right now in terms of currencies, what the currency impact on the model might be in 2016, broad strokes, top line margin, earnings impact. If you have any rough sense, it would be very helpful. Thanks guys.
Robert F. Friel: So let me take the first one. So I would say, if we're talking about markets from a geographic perspective, I would have a tendency to agree with you, which is there is sort of pluses and minuses. But I would say the geographic end markets, meaning sort of North America, Europe, emerging markets, sort of puts and takes, but they're probably fairly consistent with what we would expect it in total. When I think about the sort of application or the end markets from a customer's perspective, the one exception I would say would be in medical imaging. So I think diagnostics is probably about what we thought, maybe marginally a little bit better. I think research maybe is marginally a little bit better. I think environmental is probably okay and maybe the industrials are a little bit more challenged. So maybe that all balances out. But I do think particularly in the back half of the year, medical imaging is probably being a little  we're finding the markets a little bit more challenging. So on the margin, if you think about that being 8% of our business or so, it's creating a little bit of a headwind, call it 50 to 100 basis points.
Frank Anders Wilson: And Steve on your second question, we're in the midst of rolling up our annual plan right now, and obviously the distribution of that revenue and profit is going to have a significant impact on the impact of FX. I will say for the fourth quarter, given where the euro is right now and where some of the other currencies, larger buckets are, it's probably a $0.015 to $0.02 of headwind for us in the fourth quarter that's factored into our guidance. But that's how I would characterize it at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Ross Muken: Hey guys. Rob, you've been around in business for a long time. I guess, how would you characterize where we are in the cycle? I'm thinking more in the environmental businesses and maybe some of the industrial pieces, where we are in this cycle versus maybe the last cycle. It seems a bit tough to figure out with the US stronger and obviously all the emergings challenged. I mean I guess one, how has it made you think about the positioning of that part of the business longer term, and where you want to play and where you don't want to play? And two I guess, how does it make you think about investments in some of those emerging markets that are kind of going through a recession or recession-like behavior as we speak?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say if we're talking about environmental specifically, and we can talk about the other, but the environmental specifically, I think there is parts of that market that continue to be challenged. Right, so we talk about the industrial end markets. And so consequently, what we've talked about and what you've seen us do is to become more focused on where we're going to invest. So if I go back a number of years ago, we were investing across the broad range of technologies and capabilities with environmental. And we would argue that we probably had 12 different product lines across environmental and of course the service applications as well. I think as we have gotten more concerned about the  and I would say most importantly the industrial side  when you look at things like  although we're not big in oil and gas, obviously petrochemical and fine chemical  fine chemicals is an area for us, and some of the offshoots of those, that we want to get more focus in areas both from a technology perspective and an application. So obviously our move with partnering with Waters, where we just said, it doesn't make sense for us to continue to invest in liquid chromatography. We're not strong there. And so that's how I sort of think about it. So I think on the environmental side, what you will see us is more focused, invest in areas where we think we have strong market shares or strong technology capabilities. And in the other areas, we'll either partner or sort of deemphasize.
Ross Muken: Perfect. Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bill Quirk of Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Alexander D. Nowak: Great. Good afternoon everyone. This is actually Alex Nowak filling in for Bill today. So we have seen some slowing US birth rates in our recent checks. And I was just wondering, can you offset the slowing growth with either menu expansion within the space or from an increase in the number of tests (49:50) the Affordable Care Act?
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say our data doesn't necessarily support a declining birth rate. Our data would suggest that birth rates are sort of stable, maybe increasing slightly. But the answer to your question is that, yeah, we're always looking to continue to expand the menu. And of course we've got broader offerings that we can provide, whether it's in the software side or continue to build out additional capabilities that we can offer the lab. So I think there is always an opportunity, or we believe there is always an opportunity to continue to grow the business almost irrespective of the birth rate. But having said that, our data would suggest that US birth rates are, like I said, flat to up slightly.
Alexander D. Nowak: Okay great. And then this one might be a little hard to tease out since China is ramping so rapidly. But two questions. First in China, did you see any slowdown in the birth rates because of the Year of the Goat. And then second, does it set you up for an easier comp to allow you to repeat the screening performance from this year or even accelerate it?
Robert F. Friel: So, the answer to this question is yes on both. We did see a reduction in birth rates because of the Year of the Goat and we do believe that will provide an opportunity to accelerate growth in 2016.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Zarak Khurshid of Wedbush. Your line is open.
Zarak Khurshid: Hi there everybody. Thanks for taking the questions. First on the macro tone in the Chinese business, we've seen some wobbles there from a number of other players. Can you just talk us through the hospitals and end markets there and why you may or not be as sensitive to a harder landing in the region?
Robert F. Friel: So if you think about our diagnostic business in China, it's fundamentally  I'll call it four businesses. You have the newborn business, which I think continues to grow because you've got adoption rate. So more children are being screened and you've got menu expansion, almost irrespective of birth rates. And we talked about that on the prior question. So I think we can continue to grow there because as we've said on calls in the past, they're still doing only a handful of tests in China. And we're optimistic there for a couple of reasons. We're starting to get some traction around mass spec. And we've mentioned in the past that we got CFDA approval for our GSP which is our automated workstation there. So we think we can continue to drive good growth there and in fact we've seen  I think in third quarter was sort of mid teens. So we feel good about that. Similarly, same dynamics I would say on the prenatal side. So I think we continued both the penetration and the ability to do more there. And similarly, we saw similar type growth on the prenatal side. And then the third area would be in blood screening. And as Andy mentioned, it's off of a low base. But we're going into we think a pretty significant tailwind as the government will start to enforce the mandate of that screening and of course we're one of five that have the capability to do that. So last year, it would be on the infectious disease. That's probably the one area where potentially you'll see some slowing on if there was an overall sort of economic slowdown potentially. But again, we see a lot of opportunity to continue to penetrate and expand there. So, but I would say of the areas that we operate in, in the event there was a  use your words  hard landing, I would think that's the one that probably is most susceptible to some impact.
Zarak Khurshid: Great, thanks. And then a follow-up on one of the last philosophical M&A questions. Given your experiences with Signature Genomics in the past and also NTD Labs, what's your appetite to own a diagnostics lab service business? Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: Well of course, the two ones you mentioned weren't great, although I think NTD had done okay. I think the issue with Signature was not necessary the lab per se, it was the reimbursement side of things. So I don't know that we would have a particular issue with a service lab per se. I think we just got to make sure that the reimbursement is clear. And so, and of course, outside the US we continue to be quite excited about opportunities in places like India and China. So I think the service lab would be something we would look to invest in, if as long as we had clarity around the reimbursement.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Hey guys. This is Steve Breman (54:52) on for Tycho. Thanks for taking the question.
Robert F. Friel: Sure.
Unknown Speaker: First wanted to ask on the softer spending just in Japan, which is obviously continuing to be felt throughout the sector. Can you just give us some more color on what you're seeing kind of on the ground floor and is there any hope for any type of recovery in 2016?
Robert F. Friel: So yeah, I think there's hope for recovery in 2016. I would say we're not very optimistic with hope in 2015, because it just seems like the spending is just not being released. And so particularly on the research side is where we see it challenging. And so I would say at this point, we're not expecting any recovery or clearly in Q4. And like I said, we're in the process right now of thinking through 2016. But yeah, I think there's a possibility you could see some recovery in 2016. So we'll just have to wait and see, but I would say clearly not for the last quarter here.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. And then I apologize if I missed this, but do you have any updated thoughts on China's new Five Year Plan as the broad themes begin to be disseminated? Obviously still waiting on a lot of details, but seems like environmental initiatives are going to be a key part, so if you could just briefly talk about how that might benefit you.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, that's our sense. As you probably know, I don't think they're going to make it public until March, I believe, so we're waiting to see. Our sort of intelligence and the people on the ground tell us that some of the key areas that we're focused on will continue to be a high priority, so whether it's environmental, whether it's food safety, access to healthcare. So we feel pretty confident that will continue to be key priorities for the government, but probably until March or if they start to leak some of the information out, we really don't have any particular insight.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A session for today. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Rob Friel for any further remarks.
Robert F. Friel: Very well. Thanks for your questions. So let me just say in closing, we feel good about our progress year to date and believe we are very well positioned to deliver both on our full year financial commitments and continue to make progress on our key strategic priorities. Thank you for your interest in PerkinElmer and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2015 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jasmine, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. And I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Tommy Thomas: Thank you, Jasmine. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. With me in the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until August 13, 2015. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of todays forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during the call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. Im now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. Im pleased to report we deliver strong quarter financially achieving good growth on the top-line and continuing to expand both growth and operating margins, enabling us to exceed the high-end of both our revenue and EPS guidance range. In addition, we may notable progress against our operational and strategies priorities positioning us to deliver on our longer term objectives of accelerating revenue growth and profitability. While Andy will provide details on our financial performance, on a constant currency basis revenue grew 8% consistent of 4% organic growth and 4% from recent acquisitions while our adjusted earnings per share grew 12%. During the first half of the year, adjusted operating margins have increased 90 basis points and adjusted EPS is up 15% both on a constant currency basis against this factor of the strong financial results, I would like to briefly discuss some of the highlights from the quarter as well as touch on a few areas of potential macroeconomic headwinds. First, Id like to emphasize the growth of our new products. We continue to be very pleased with our Research & Development efforts as investments made over last year or so are starting to manifest in a number of successful new products. During the first year for the year we increased R&D spending by over 10% on a constant currency basis and continue to believe driving innovation into the market will be a key component through accelerating our longer term growth. In particular, many of our recently introduced products within the research market are gaining traction including the upper Phoenix high content imager and our labchip touch Microfluidics offering for NGS sample prep which resulted in our research business growing high single digits last quarter. In addition to the growth of new product, our OneSource services business once again delivered very strong results. Our former customers continue to view OneSource as a trusted partner capable of meeting their needs for a wide range of services from instrument maintenance, asset management or lab relocation to scientific and lab IT consulting services. Our growth in pharma and biotech has also been boosted by our decision early in the year to integrate onesource and a room for nice offerings into our research sales organization. This allows us to more effectively deliver complete innovative solutions tailored to the specific needs of our customers, while building even stronger longer term customer relationships. During the second quarter, we grew revenue from our top 20 global pharma and biotech accounts double-digit versus the second quarter of last year and the recent announcement of our strategic collaboration with Albany Molecular Research is a prime example of the early success from this approach. PrekinElmer will be providing scientists working in AMRI's drug discovery center at the Buffalo Medical Innovation & Commercialization Hub with solutions to support cutting edge research. Most importantly these offerings scientists working in AMRI's drug discovery center at the buffalo medical innovation and commercialization up with solutions to support cutting edge research. Most importantly these offerings span the breadth of our capabilities and include cellular imaging solutions, analytical and visualization software and onsite technical and service support. Another highlight in the quarter was a continued global expansion of our diagnostics business which achieved key milestone in supporting the rapid adoption of newborn screening and emerging markets. As you may recall, four years ago we helped Egypt establish the world's largest newborn screening lab and we are pleased with the recent decision to expand the screening menu to include PKU testing for over 2 million birth each year. Also during the quarter, we continue to see strong demand in China for our newborn screening offering and we experienced sequentially growth in our Haoyuan blood screening business in China. We are closely tracking order rates as government mandates for nucleic acid blood testing take effect and we continue to believe we are well positioned to capture a significant share of this market. On the environmental health side, all of our new products introduced at Pittcon are now in the marketplace and coaster new manage is encouraging. In addition, our ICP-MS has experienced good growth and demand remains high for our unique metal particle detection solution and multi element analysts capability. Furthermore, the integration of Perten is effectively complete and our consolidated food analysis offerings are capturing greater mindshare with customers in this attractive segment. While we are excited about our myriad of opportunities, we see going forward, we are mindful of the macroeconomic environment that while consistent with our outlook from the beginning of the year still presents some challenges and concerns. In China while we continue to expect double-digit growth from our diagnostics offerings, ordering patterns with environmental end market and government tenders continue to be choppy. Additionally, Japan's academic funding environment has also become difficult to predict and Europe remained soft but stable as it wrestles with the mixed economic outlook and the implications from a Greek bailout. The macro concerns aside, I remain confident in our ability to executive and drive both revenue growth in margin expansion in the second half. Therefore looking at our guidance, we are reconfirming our previously stated guidance of mid-single organic growth for the full year and modestly raising the bottom end so that our adjusted earnings per share guidance is now $2.55 to $2.60 which represents 13% to 15% constant currency adjusted earnings per share growth. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Wilson: Thanks Rob and good afternoon everyone. Consistent with previous quarters, I will provide some additional color on our end markets, provide a financial summary of our second quarter results and details around our third quarter and full year 2015 guidance. Given the impact of foreign currency on the comparability of our results I will once again provide much of my commentary on a constant currency basis in order to better portrait the results of the year. As Rob mentioned we reported 8% constant currency revenue growth and 4% organic revenue growth in the quarter with foreign exchange representing a headwind of approximately 7%. Adjusted revenues were 564 million in the second quarter as compared to 557 million in the same period a year ago exceeding the high-end of our guidance revenue range driven by broad based demand. Second quarter adjusted earnings per share was $0.60, up 12% on a constant currency basis from $0.59 in the comparable period a year ago. Our quarterly results were $0.02 about the mid-point of our guidance range driven by favorable mix and continued operating leverage. Looking at our geographic results globally, we experienced mid-single digit organic revenue growth across all major geographies in end market. We saw improved results in Europe and stable demand in China where we continue to be encouraged by the resiliency of our serve markets. As to our operating results, second quarter adjusted gross margin were 47%, up 50 basis points on a constant currency basis driven primarily by volume leverage, mix and productivity gains. Second quarter adjusted SG&A was 24.2%, 50 basis points below the same period a year ago, the result have continued operating leverage from our indirect spend initiatives. Research & Development spending in the second quarter as a percentage of revenue was up 40 basis points as compared to the same period a year ago driven by continued investments and innovative new product development and incremental investments at Perten. We expect full year R&D spending to increase over 2014 levels by 30 to 50 basis points. Overall, we were pleased with our operational performance in the second quarter as we expanded our constant currency adjusted operating margins over 50 basis points. For the first half of 2015, constant currency adjusted operating margins have expanded approximately 90 basis points. Net interest and other expense in the second quarter was approximately $11 million, up from 9 million in the comparable period a year ago, driven primarily by the impact of foreign currency. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was approximately 20% and we expect our adjusted tax rate for the full year to be approximately 21%. Switching to the segments. Second quarter organic revenues and our Human Health business increased approximately 5% Environmental Health organic revenues grew approximately 3%. From an end market perspective, our Human Health business represented approximately 61% of reported revenue in the quarter with diagnostics contributing 28% segment revenue and research generating 33% of segment revenue. Organic revenue growth from our diagnostics business increased mid-single digit despite a high-single-digits comparison in the second quarter last year. Our results were driven by strength in our newborn and infectious disease testing solutions, which continue to see strong uptake throughout emerging markets offset by a low-single digit organic decline in medical imaging due to difficult prior year comparisons and customer ordering patterns. While we are really encouraged by the broad acceptance of our new [indiscernible] offerings, we believe the second half will remain challenging for medical imaging. We experienced a strong performance in China growing double digits in the quarter during part to the continued ramp of our Haoyuan business. We believe that the conversion of a ELISA base testing to nucleic acid testing for the screening of blood represents a significant opportunity for PerkinElmer. While we are somewhat more optimistic on our outlook for the second half of 2015 as the government begins to enforce regulations to better secure the Chinas domestic blood supply. Organic revenue and our research business grew high-single-digits in the second quarter driven by ongoing success from our recent new product launches including the Opera Phenix strengths from our automation systems offerings, strong growth in OneSource multi-vendor services and someone easier prior year comparison. As Rob mentioned, we are pleased with the early success from our new go-to-market strategy and research and the increased traction we started to see with our Pharmaceutical and biotech customers. We are seeing an improvement in global academic and government end markets with Japan being the exception while pharma and biotech remain stable. We continue to expect research sales to grow low-single digit for the year primarily impacted by the steep declines in Japan. Moving to our Environmental Health business which represent approximately 39% of reported revenue in the quarter, revenues grew 3% organically in line with our expectations. Our second quarter reported results benefited from increased demand in an around environmental and through the applications driven to a large extent by success from our inorganic and chrom offering in the addition of Perten. Were pleased to report that Perten had a solid quarter as their sale cycle closely follows the harvesting season, we expect sales and profitability to increase sequentially in the third quarter as a result of these seasonality. Turning to balance sheet, we finish the second quarter which is under 1 billion of debt and approximately 200 million of cash. We exit the quarter with a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.2 times and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.8 times. Turning to cash flow we have a strong quarter with adjusted operating cash flow from continuing operations are 71 million versus 54 million in 2014. Despite higher working capital, primarily result of the timing of additional inventory requirements supporting our new product introductions. As we get to the seasonally stronger second half, we expect inventory levels to moderate in our working capital metrics to improve. Looking ahead to the third quarter in the balance of the year, we believe were well positioned to deliver a solid operational performance. As we exit the second quarter and move into the second half of 2015, were mindful of the mix macroeconomic picture. Our dollar strength is continuing to present modest headwinds and emerging markets specifically South America and parts of Asia while [indiscernible] demand continue to be mixed in Japan and China. As a result, we expect reported revenues for the year to begin the range of 2.25 billion or 2.3 billion which represents approximately 7% constant currency growth at the mid-point. Our guidance continues to reflect organic revenue growth from approximately 3% to 5%. Were tightening our adjusted earnings per share guidance for 2015 to be in a range of $2.55 to $2.60 with a mid-point of approximately $2.57 which represents constant currency earnings per share growth as 13% to 15%. Implicit in this guidance range is adjusted operating margin expansion of 30 to 50 basis points. Net interest expense is expected to be approximately $42 to $44 million and our adjusted tax-rate is expected to be 21% with a flat weighted average share count of approximately 113.5 million shares. For the third quarter, we're forecasting reported revenues to be in the range of $550 million to $560 million which represents approximately 7% constant currency revenue growth and organic revenue growth of 4% to 5%. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.58 to $0.60 which represents 12% constant currency adjusted earnings growth at the midpoint. This concludes my prepared remarks. Operator at this time wed like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Dan Arias from Citigroup. Please proceed.
Dan Arias: Good afternoon guys. I want to talk a little bit about China as we just take, as to little bit of what you saw on the environmental side and then on the blood screening side of things, it sounds like things are picking up there, I just point that you are thinking that you actually will have all of the donated blood in China tested molecular I mean as you assumption that compliance does go to a 100?
Robert Friel: I think our view is it go to 100, but its probably going to take 18 months to two years to get fully implemented. As you know the law was suppose to be effective at the first of this year, but I think our view its taken some time to get all the labs setup to be able to do that and so I would say the enforcement is fairly lacks, but I would say probably late 16 is our best guess of when that occur and probably what you will see is it will occur first on the east coast and you will see it move it across to the west. But were starting to see as I think if we have mentioned on the last call, we saw the move from sort of the regional governments to the federal government and while we think that's delayed it a bit in the implementation which you will see is bigger tender and were starting to see that coming out and as sort of mentioned in the prepared remarks we feel good about our ability to win share there. With regard to it sort of the border China, I would say first all, we continue to believe that both access to healthcare and the clean water and food will be high priorities and continue to strong organic growth, so I would say we continue to feel like high single-digits probably make sense for us for 2015, and we just go buy end market for us diagnostics, I think Andy talked about this continue to be strong we saw good double-digit growth in diagnostic supported by [audio gap] three pieces of the business, newborn, infectious disease and blood screening. On a research side also pretty good growth there and it was sort of mid-single maybe little bit better than that and environmental was up low single and what we saw was really almost a tale of two cities. In the area food and environmental, we saw strong growth sort of mid-teens and in the area of sort of more industrial, we actually saw some headwinds there from the stand-point that they are -- our business there was not significant decline in the quarter. So we just sort of put really together you saw environmental in the sort of low single-digit.
Dan Arias: Okay. That's great color appreciate that. And then Andy on the expense line if I remember correctly I think you are kind of optimistic about the ability to drive some savings on the indirect spending side of things this year, are you realizing the level that you are hoping there and I guess when you look at the back half of the year to the extent that you are seeing in those savings, are you more likely to invest those or might you let those flow through? Thanks.
Andy Wilson: Sure, well I think half way through the year, I feel like were on track, we were looking at $10 million boggy year-over-year. We aggregated the first half at 6 million, I think were started to gain some momentum the roll out is now global and were seeing a fairly significant uptake with the organization around it we are spending a lot of time now on upside services, and I think what you are going to see is the impact of that not only on the expense side, but you should start to see on the working capital side, because I think if you look at our payables we saw little improvement in accounts payables and part of that's due to our renegotiation, some contracts with vendors as part of this indirect spin process. So I think we feel like that were pretty much on track I would say.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard from Jefferies. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi [indiscernible] Will you give us an update on the M&A pipeline? How are you thinking about your capital deployment priorities here, with the balance sheet position under two turns of net leverage?
Robert Friel: Thank you, first of all, we feel good about the pipeline I think our hope and expectation is -- we able to do something roughly toward the end of the year. Its always difficult to predict those types of things, but I think we feel like, we will be able to put some capital to use here on the M&A, which I would say we have a preferences deployed in that matter, but if we find ourselves in a situation where we are unable to do that for let say for a period of time then we got to probably do share buybacks.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks very helpful and we give an update on the water partnership, how is that initial rollup progressing and do you soon vision that being roughly mutual to net revenues for the year?
Robert Friel: Yes, we mentioned last quarter I mean water partnership I really think that is more of a longer term strategic move, I think is a number of reasons to do that one was, first of all enable our partners to simply their workflow around sort of one software which is in power, it allows us to focus our resources in areas where we can be more differentiated and hopefully it allows us to drive some incremental revenue by first of all supplying waters LC products to some of our customers maybe driving more incremental products by allowing us to package arranges with our customers where there is multiple analytical techniques and also was getting GC on in power I think there is an opportunity to hope for the -- to sell more into the pharmaceutical industry. Having said that in the short term there is some investment, there is clearly some disruption, there is training required of the sales people, so as I think we mentioned last quarter, we don't really expect to see much of an impact in 2015, and really look towards 16 and post to really drive some incremental revenue growth.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Ross Muken: You spend a lot of time on sort of the macro and you are cautionary and it is helpful because its obviously something more or less look at broader spectrum and focus but was there anything pasting in the business whether is in China or elsewhere that gave you a bit caution or maybe in some of the additional industrial markets or is it just sort of recognition of all the data that weve look at and now one into coming ahead of yourselves given some of those volatility standpoints?
Robert Friel: Well, I would say those are couple of things we sort of mentioned affect Japan still seems to be difficult to predict on the academic funding side. Well, the budgets been improved our experience has been thats been sort of spotty in challenging. So well, its a not a big part of our business its something that were a little cautious about. Id say the other area that were cautious about is on the medical imaging side and were seeing some of the revenue challenge is there particularly in the back half. So that was other two areas that I would say were little concern. The medical imaging is probably not macro, its probably more customer ordering patterns. But I would say on the Japanese side thats macro indicator. And I would say the other one I would probably put out or again small for us, but obviously the economic condition in Brazil is challenging. So those are two I would expect on the emerging markets that were just looking at order and patterns were little concern about.
Ross Muken: And on the research side, if you had to tease out boxes versus reagents versus services, anecdotally, how would you feel about those three buckets?
Robert Friel: Well, I would say we were pleasantly surprised on the box side. I mentioned some of the new products, but if you look at our cellular imaging, the microfluidics and automation we saw very strong growth there. So we are pleased with that service also did well OneSource at a strong quarter and I would say the reagents was just sort of laagered in the quarter.
Ross Muken: And Andy just remind us days impact in Q3, I talk that was where you guys pickup quite a bit of volume or at least the extra week. How do we think about that in the context that the core guide?
Frank Wilson: I think that first half is very hard to predict exactly what the impact of thats going to be, I mean what happens every six years. And I would say its factor into our guidance, I think that you look at the mix of our revenue a lot of its not impact of other days. So I would say that in my opinion its in the numbers, it maybe a percent or so. But if we do better than that obviously were not going to be engage by our existing guidance.
Robert Friel: See in our opinion there is a lot of debate on this internally is any point we do this every six year. So I would say this is under core competency I was trying to predict what the impact will be. But our viewer is even when you look at our reagent business. A lot of our business is in sort of daily or weekly orders. Even though is look at the newborn screening side, it sort of bundle purchases. So I would say were enabling well be conservative year, but were assuming that were not going to see a significant pick-up from the additional days, particular when you look at the how they fall within the calendar.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Bill Quirk: Just a question for you, I guess going back to Japan. You mentioned couple of times in the call, its obviously a pretty difficult research environment to predict. So I guess two part question, one I seen the guidance assumes some ongoing challenges there? And then I guess second piece of that is I guess how you thinking about the longer term here are you inherently assuming that we should be some release the fund to bounce back in 2016?
Robert Friel: So I would say the answer your first question is yes. Weve assume fairly modest revenue for Japan for the remainder of the year. And I would say beyond 2015 will just sort of assess there when we get there. I mean is it fair assumption to say that some point the funds will be released and maybe well see a catch up. But I guess well just sort of call that as we get in the 16, but our assumptions for the remainder of 15 is that well continue to see challenges and weve got basically no growth assumes for the remainder of the year.
Bill Quirk: And then secondly, I guess back to newborn screening in China. Just help us think a little bit about I guess from a parameters of that growth. Is this still largely initial adoption or are you seeing any sort of menu expansion maybe in some of the wealth your coastal areas?
Robert Friel: So I would say, its a little bit of both. I mentioned this quarter that we got our GSP which is are automated platform certified by CFDA. And I think thats allowing us to obviously sell more those and penetrate by allowing in automated platform, its allowing some of the areas within China to expand our menu. And so its a combination of the menu expansion as well as adoption. But I would tell you right now is that China is probably close to 85% adopted so we have been pleased to see that good portion of the children in China now been screened.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen & Company. Please proceed.
Doug Schenkel: My first question is just I guess a follow up on the macroeconomic dynamics in China and Japan that you have talked about and have come up a bit in the Q&A, just to be clear, have you changed what you embedded into guidance for growth in these markets? And if so what are the offsets?
Robert Friel: I would say China, no; Japan, yes. And I would say the offsets have been a little bit on the pharmaceutical and research side. And we have seen clearly some growth there and again some of that is I think new products and we believe our execution within the combined entity now, some of that is clearly a stronger market. So I would the strength on the research side is offsetting some softness in Japan and Brazil. But again just to reiterate, Japan for us is probably going to be somewhere around 2% to 3% of revenue. So it's not a huge number.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. And then this incremental and sovereignty is the right way to describe it on the macroeconomic backdrop. Does it impact how you think about spending heading into Q3, hold back a little bit or is it really business as usual?
Robert Friel: No, I think it's been usual I mean if we look at the half I mean we feel pretty good about where we are right now, I mean the organic growth is particularly, if you look at Q2 came in a little bit at the high side. We are looking at a backhit that we feel pretty good about, we are getting good traction in the new products. So I think we are still moving forward from an investment perspective and we monitor it as we see bookings from it during the quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dane Leone of BPIG. Please proceed.
Dane Leone: Thank you for taking the question. I just want to maybe get some more color in terms of the gross margin line for the quarter. I understand FX may have been a little bit more, but usually you guys are kind of flattish 1Q to 2Q, I guess anything kind of puts and takes in terms of what's maybe depressing that a little bit and expectations for the back-half?
Robert Friel: I think if you look at it on a constant currency basis we were 50 basis points, which is a little bit more than we have seen historically, a large piece of that some productivity initiatives, we put in place some of those items, supply chain we have talked about that before. We are starting to see some traction there. And that was enough to offset basically inflation in a slightly non-GAAP mix. So I think we feel pretty good about our ability to sustain it going forward as we continue to get traction with some of these initiatives. And then some of those same people are working at initiatives around the SG&A piece. So we hope to drive productivity improvement on both groups and operating margin.
Dane Leone: Okay. And just want to clarify the geographical comments. You said, I think broadly mid single digits across everywhere. Is there any kind of more - color you could provide Americas versus EU versus APAC?
Robert Friel: Well, I mean place that we saw sort of across the globe is I think when you talked about all the regions sort of in the 4% to 5% range which was great from an organic perspective maybe just to give you some color inside that if you look we are seeing Asia, but if you talk about China, Indian career was strong, they were double-digit as well, Japan obviously was within we talked about that. And so I would say within the U.S. we saw a good growth on the research side as sort of alluded to that. But again it was pretty broad based.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Veechow with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Steve Veechow: Two verifying points for me. One on the office transition, I am curious are you seeing any impact on the transition on the existing chromatography business you are working through anything there. And then second question for me is actually on - what are you seeing in terms of IP licensing trends there? Thanks.
Robert Friel: So on a chromatography side I guess I -- liquid chromatography side actually is a headwind in the quarter, because you can imagine as we transition over the ability to continue to sell on the chromatography is challenging so if anything it was a little bit of a headwind on the gas chromatography side, we do expect in the future to be able to hopefully sell some incremental products there but I would say not noticeable in future. So again if your overall the transition in a short term is going to be a little bit of a headwind but obviously we think it wont it makes a lot of sense and hope we drive some good incremental revenues as well as I think its roughly it will be helpful from our customer perspective.
Andy Wilson: I think you also see a little bit of the issue in working capital, weve seen as increased inventory and as I explained some of the new products, this would be a part of that as we start to build the channel with some of the new LCs.
Robert Friel: On caliper side, and I think as we talked about this we continue to see a little bit of a headwind every quarter at some of those royalties roll off and I think in this quarter as well there is a little bit of headwind of a couple of million dollars and that will probably continue to probably this year maybe third quarter this year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard from Leerink. Please proceed.
Dan Leonard: So I have a follow-up on inventory, I appreciate the commentary on new products sales Im curious in the first quarter I think you called supply chain effort, I think the driver have increase the inventory and Im wonder if you can give us an update on those efforts?
Andy Wilson: No it was not supply chain effort, it was actually, it was the new product launches that we put out it at Pittcon then demo inventory and the build around that, what I called out on a first quarter I believe was around Ocean freight. And that ocean freight is the build of inventory that basically stay but it happened in the first quarter, so that -- and that allows us to reduce our overall freight cost, so I think from a P&L perspective it's a good thing, but there is a pickup of inventory as you put the stuff and ship it overseas.
Dan Leonard: Okay. Understood and then my follow-up question, do you have any update on the long term growth outlook from medical imaging, it seems like it has been lumpy for a couple of years now?
Robert Friel: I think our view as -- that's a business that shouldnt probably grow mid single-digits when we look at the sort of adoption rate of digital and x-ray and then the growth prospects with our CMOS business, I think unfortunately weve had a situation where some of our customers most notably of -- so built some inventory and start work out off a little bit as you know this is the one business in PerkinElmer really the only business in PerkinElmer where were component supplier as compared to sort of an end system supplier so were at a little bit of the mercy of the customers and sort of how well they are able to sort of predict their end market demand and so I think that's why you see some of these lumpiness, orders, in hindsight they are artificially strong because our customers are sort of building inventory and then we have to work some of that off and so I agree with you its clearly more lumpy than we would like I think the underlying market is probably not as lumpy as that but again being a component supplier it makes a little challenging.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Knight with Janney Montgomery. Please proceed.
Paul Knight: Hi Rob and Andy and Tommy. Congratulations what Im sure was not an easy operating environment I think Dan had touched on the environmental side and the operating margin you are posting that was 13%, what are you shooting for in that business in a normalized environment?
Robert Friel: Paul, I mean it depends the time horizon were talking about here but I think ultimately we like to see this business get up and 17%, 18%, obviously that's going to take some time to do that but we look at the opportunities within this business and I think one of the big drivers will be and weve talked about this in the past as weve got a get a greater consumable component to the business and something that the team is working on but I think for us to those types of operating margins, it will take a better mix between instruments and consumables.
Paul Knight: Can you talk about consumables in service Cross Lab growth was [what again] and is it M&A or what you want to do on the consumable side Rob?
Robert Friel: Yes, so one source was up double-digits, in the teens, we continue to see good progress there and I will be like to do is trying to pull in more consumables that are supportive of our instruments in some cases may you have to be on others, but I think because we have the one source engineers in the lab the ability that sell consumables, present some opportunities for us and so some of that organically but I think a lot of well have to be done inorganically.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Miro Minkova from Stifel. Please proceed.
Miro Minkova: Let me start with the environmental health products, do you have announced that Pittcon and that you are rolling out, maybe tell us or help us understand was there any benefits from these products in the quarter that you just reported and when might we see it and what are you expecting for the back half of the year?
Robert Friel: Yes, I would see in the most recent Q2 there is minimal benefit on the environmental side, most of the new products were the ones that were launch late 14, early 15 on the human health side, and were starting to see some good traction in this, you can appreciate a lot of times when you come out with these new products it will take a quarter or two to really get some traction in the market place. So minimal impact in Q2, I think you will see the majority in the back half what weve said with new products for the full year it was [indiscernible] made it in the 30 to $35 million impact with all company, I think we feel very good about that and just expect will be at high end and maybe even higher than that and so rather get into specific products I would just say we continue to feel very good about the progress and I would say weve not be surprised to do better than hop into the range here.
Miro Minkova: Sounds good and the medical imaging business is going back to the question asked by Dan earlier, can you help us understand do you need this in your portfolio and how does it actually fit in with the rest of what PerkinElmer does?
Robert Friel: Well, I think when you think about imaging is an important component of what we do, so if you think about it sort of high level, where I think about PerkinElmer, we take samples we do take in analysis and then we provide answers and knowledge and so anything we can do to continue to drive our capabilities around the ability to [indiscernible] image I think its helpful and so leveraging that capability across as many end markets as possible I think its helpful.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Isaac Ro: Hi guys thanks for the question, its Joe in for Isaac. Just back to the macro and maybe just focusing on Europe, can you just talk about whats the big thing your expectations for the region for the second half of the year?
Robert Friel: I think when we went into the year, we saw that and Environmental was up low single-digits and we saw little bit of improvement here relative to that in the second quarter. So what our expectation in the back half is similar to what we saw so to low single.
Isaac Ro: Great thanks and then maybe just back to the China diagnostics market, can you maybe parsed out the growth between the newborn and screening and over the contrition from blood screening that drove that double-digit number and then maybe how we should be thinking about that on a go forward?
Robert Friel: I mean what I would say is all three components in China did very well, I mean if you look at the growth rate I mean clearly the blood screening is growing much faster but its all of a very low base, I don't know how meaningful that is but I would just say if when you look at double-digit growth in China you see that across all components. So its again fairly broad based.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin from Bank of America. Please proceed.
Derik De Bruin: A lot of my questions have been answered, so I'm going to ask some weird ones, so bear with me. So the -- I was at the AAC Speed conference earlier this week and I was struck by the number of Asian and Chinese diagnostic companies that were there. What is the landscape for -- in the blood screening market? And also for your other products that you sell? I'm just curious -- you talk about competing for large tenders, are you treated as a foreign company, even though you have a Chinese business? Is there some potential bias against you, given the number of Chinese companies that are there? I'm just wondering, are you at a disadvantage because you are not local or do they view you as local?
Robert Friel: So specifically with blood screening, there have been five companies that have been approved by the Chinese government that can provide products for new clinic asset blood screening. Two of them are international and three of them are considered local Chinese. We are considered one of the local Chinese, because we ended this business through the acquisition of a Chinese company. One of the things we actually had some discussions with the government officials at the time with the acquisition that was clear that we will be treated as a local Chinese company. Because again what there, I think most interested in is employment and because the products are developed in Made in China and obviously with Chinese employees I think thats my sense is thats why we get the designation as we go.
Derik De Bruin: And youre talking about moving to molecular screening. Im just curious, is that going across other segment with the diagnostic market for example, are you seeing a greater push for NIPT using molecular in China? And Im just curious, also just on the NIPT, in general or I just on the newborn business in general. Are you seen any impact from NIPT screening going on in the states?
Robert Friel: So I would say in the newborn side, no. Were not seen much of push there. I think in the NIPT, I think still challenging from a cost perspective, so youre not seeing huge adoption. However, we do believe that the NIPT market will be very attractive in China eventually, because there has not been a very large biochemical screening business. So consequently they dont need to sort of swap, so they skip generation of products. And so we do think once the costs its down to an acceptable level within China, we think thats going to be an attractive market.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Steve Willoughby: I have a couple of here quick one for you. First Andy, what are your assumptions now as a relates to FX on both the top and bottom-lines?
Frank Wilson: No change from the guidance we provided at the end of the first quarter. The other mix and the rates are pretty much inline. So were sticking with the $0.23 of impact that we talked about in the first quarter.
Steve Willoughby: And then secondly I know in the past couple of quarters, there has been some talk about which start expecting some increase in R&D spending. And why was up modestly versus what you spend in the first quarter Im sure FX has some impact on that. Can you just maybe provide a little bit more color as a relates to your expectations and increasing R&D spend?
Robert Friel: I think, I mentioned so if you look on a constant currency basis, were about little over 10% up for the year. And our goal is eventually get R&D to be about 6% of revenue. And so well look it sort of move that up depending on how we feel about revenue and profitability. But thats our goal, our goal is get up to 6% of revenue and then when you consider effect it service is about 25% that would take us to about 7.5% on product and we think thats probably the right level. It varies a little bit by  it varies in some cases a lot by business and obviously application, but we think for PerkinElmer a sort of awaited average of 7.5% on product is probably good level.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Elliott from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Jeff Elliott: First question is on OneSource. You had some nice growth there. How much of that is the combination with the Informatics piece, versus other demand you are seeing in the market?
Robert Friel: Well, its a little difficult to parts that out. I would say, my sense is probably more demand right now, because we feel good about the combination with informatics in the product side of the business. I mean, its difficult to say that because we just at the beginning of the year that we saw material impact in Q2. So but I mean, I think our expectation is and were having some good discussions with the customers and clearly what its allowing us to do is where were strong as an informatics customers to bring in OneSource in vice versa. And so I think going forward weve got some, where were optimistic, but I would say the impact in Q2 I would say its probably fairly minimal. But the reason why its hard to part out, right now as I said, I mean its a combined sales force So it's a little difficult to keep that way.
Jeff Elliott: And then a follow-up on the China newborn market, you said, 85% adoption, but how many test per birth are you seeing right now?
Robert Friel: About 4, I mean as there is a couple as I mentioned with JSPs now are and expanding that so weve got some that high single-digits but on average its probably about four.
Jeff Elliott: And what do you think that has over the next two or three years?
Robert Friel: I think those things are always difficult to do, because you are trying to predict the uptake but I think it goes up, its a acquisition of how quickly, I mean the other opportunity is mass specs goes into that market place as you know you have the ability to jump up fairly significantly but I would say in two years, Ill be disappointed for not pushing low end to double-digits.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Zarak Khurshid with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed.
Zarak Khurshid: Wondering if you could tell us how much, if any, of the research business is actually automation, sample prep, Informatics, or anything else, sold into more of a routine diagnostics or applied channel and if there is any positive trends related to that?
Robert Friel: I would think in the diagnostic area, its relatively small and were starting to make some enrolls into the applied area but I would still say relative basis, still relative in minor.
Zarak Khurshid: Understood and then just a quick one on good start whats happening with carrier testing? Thank you.
Robert Friel: I would say weve been a little disappointed in the uptake there and I think weve talked about this in the quarter as well, I mean I think weve found a challenging from a pricing perspective where is some of the competitors are out there guarantying a low number relative to out of pocket and we find that to be challenging from a regulatory perspective, Ill just put it that way. And so consequently we are having a difficult time finding it at least within our business practices to be competitive.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Peter Olsen with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed.
Peter Olsen: Hi Rob, just what worries you most when you look at the business then for the next 12 months what part of the business worries you the most? And just kind of a follow-up in the coming you might around the research side of the business? What will be the products that help you during the quarter? Thank you.
Robert Friel: So I would say going back to my comment before I think the medical imaging always a little bit because I feel little bit less in control there, because again were a component supplier now we do have some insight, lets say a quarter out but that one is again as we reference before is a little bit [indiscernible] than we would like and that's the one that if you little bit less in control from the standpoint of driving demand. The second part of your question was -- I am sorry when I was most excited about?
Peter Olsen: Just the research products that kind of help you during the quarter, you talked that research type in stronger and --
Robert Friel: Yes, so I would say that there are couple of the Opera Phenix which is a imager, a high-content imager, we continue to see very strong adoption I think weve got a nice value preposition here for the customer I think weve gain a nice value proposition there for the customer, I think we very pleased with that. I spiked out the new microfluidics which is a larger touch, I think were seeing some nice adoption there in the area of biotherapeutics and also on the NGS side, because it goes into sort of quality control on the sample prep and obviously with the ramp up in all the NGS, thats pointing nice demand as well and the other area is weve seen good growth in-vivo. So a number of areas that weve been very pleased with on the research side.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Tycho Peterson: Thanks, hey Rob just on the informatics business I know you talked in recent quarters about the -- to kind of build out there bit more and just hiring maybe just talk a little bit about where you are that build out and I guess you know competitively do you feel like youve got critical math, means it still going ASMS and seeing what others are doing in terms of pulling data off in NGS system and in that aspect, kind of aggregating it all. Do you need to be doing more along those lines?
Robert Friel: So thats in area we have been sort of investing both in sort of mostly in people and Id say were making grew progress there, we still got way to go, I mean I still, these people are a difficult to find and attract, but Id say weve made some progress there. I would say in summary we feel very good about our capabilities clearly on the analytic side and the visualization side, I think were very strong in the chemistry by the chemical side of things. I think the areas where we need to invest a little bit is on the biological side and as weve talked about in the past were trying to build a lot of capability in the cloud. But I think we feel good about the progress were making, I think theyre still more to do. I think the other thing is when you go to around the place is like ASNS or ACC. You continue to reinforce the importance of informatics and the capabilities that were building, because clearly and whether its research environmental or diagnostic its going to become increasing more important.
Tycho Peterson: And then I guess as you mentioned ASBC, I mean one of the other big trends this year was just kind of to push to point of care by the [indiscernible] and others. Can you maybe talk about how you view that market? Is it an interesting opportunity to be doing more in the physician's office and is there risk of displacement for your plate readers, some of these former business competitors that are pushing into these markets?
Robert Friel: So I mean, I think we view as an opportunity within emerging markets, I think the challenge for us has been trying to find a technology that is both sort of sensitive and output at the same time cheap enough and so the users low energy and all the needs that are require to work in the environment of emerging market. So I think it has a potential to be very attractive market. But I think its got to be the right product, the right technology and up at this point this its been challenging sort of find the right one that on.
Operator: That concludes todays question. Ill now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Robert Friel for closing remarks.
Robert Friel: Well, thank you very much. And I want to appreciate everyone taking the time this morning. We feel good about our progress year-to-date and believe we are well position to deliver on our full year financial commitments and continue to make progress on our strategic priorities. Thank you for your interest in PerkinElmer and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. See you all, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2015 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. My name is Whitley, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Tommy Thomas: Thank you, Whitley. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until May 14, 2015. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during the call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during the call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that we had a good start to what we believe will be a successful 2015. Our financial results were strong with organic revenue growth within our expectations and adjusted EPS significantly beating our guidance. Adjusted revenue in the first quarter was $527 million representing constant currency adjusted revenue growth of 5%, comprised of 2% from acquisitions completed last year and 3% organic revenue growth in the quarter. While Andy will provide additional color on our revenue performance in the quarter, I was pleased, that we experienced growth in every business and across all major geographies. While the strong U.S. dollar offset some of the operating performance in the quarter, constant currency adjusted operating margins expanded 130 basis points, and constant currency adjusted earnings per share grew 19%. During the quarter, we also made significant progress on our growth initiatives across each of the businesses. In Environmental Health, we launched a number of new innovative products across our three product platforms, including the first entirely corrosion-resistant flame atomic absorption spectrometer available on the market. The new PinAAcle 500 Health Science is working with highly corrosive environmental samples, detect minerals and metals for a variety of applications including testing drinking water and detecting elements in food samples for nutritional labeling. In addition, we introduced the first fast flame autosampler, which allows dramatically higher throughput and the lowest cost per element of any similar analyzer on the market today. We also launched the Spotlight 150 and 200 series microscope IR analyzers incorporating innovative flexible automation and software analytics allowing for simpler, faster contaminant analysis. Many of our new Environmental Health products were launched at the March Pittsburgh Conference under our theme of Instruments of Change, which focused on how PerkinElmer makes a positive impact on the world through innovative science platforms and exceptional service. Reinforcing our growing reputation for innovation, a number of our scientists and products were recognized for outstanding achievements, including the award for Best New Spectroscopy Product. Also during the quarter, we announced a strategic alliance with Waters Corporation to strengthen our chromatography portfolio for PerkinElmer's non-pharma customers. Of note, our new HPLC and Altus UPLC liquid chromatography solutions will help sciences in the environmental, industrial and applied markets better detect adulterants, contaminants and plumes. In addition, PerkinElmer will standardize on liquid chromatography and gas chromatography portfolio on Waters Empower Software. This will enable customers to simplify their workflows by unifying their chromatography data onto one platform and providing greater confidence in their analysis. We're also pleased by the traction we're seeing in the successful integration of Perten Instruments and our progress in further penetrating the multibillion dollar global food testing market. In addition to driving strong growth in the quarter, Perten was recently selected by the Canadian Grain Commission as its preferred near-infrared grain analyzer. In Human Health, we received market authorization from the China Food and Drug Administration to offer our automated high throughput Genetic Screening Processor, the GSP, and an assay for the detection of congenital hyperthyroidism. We have additional GSP assays pending approval with CFDA that will further expand our menu for newborn screening in China, and enable a wider range of testing for life threatening disorders in newborns. We continue to make good penetration in other emerging markets with additional recent wins in India where we now expect to screen nearly one million babies this year, and our recent contract win in Mexico is ramping up nicely. In March, we announced an exciting collaboration with Johnson & Johnson's Innovation. J&J's life science incubator labs or J-Labs chose PerkinElmer to outfit its entire lab in South San Francisco, California. By providing our imaging and detection solutions plus onsite staff training and support for the resident biotech companies, we are helping to kick start their research. This new venture is a testament to J&J's belief in our capabilities and applications expertise to help advance cutting edge science. From a commercial perspective, our decision early in the quarter to move the OneSource Services group into our Human Health business is already paying off. As you may recall, the intent of this move was to better serve customers in the growing pharma and biotech markets by delivering more complete solutions targeted towards their specific needs. Early success in aligning our internal expertise and leveraging our strong customer relationships indicate that this will change  this change will contribute to solid organic growth in 2015. Stepping back and assessing the broader macro environment, growth across our geographies is fairly mixed, but remains in line with our expectations at the start of the year. In the U.S., while the strong dollar is posting substantial headwinds against the top line, it is proving to be the healthiest geography as growth steadily returns. Europe is stable and showing some increased demand, but the region is still working through its current economic challenges. APAC remains stable overall; however, Japan and Korea face weakened environments and despite China's overall economy slowing, we continue to believe we will grow high single digits there, given the critical segments of the economy we serve. Consequently, I remain confident that we can continue to leverage market opportunities across our businesses and drive profitable growth. Based on our performance in the first quarter, we are raising our expectations for constant currency adjusted EPS growth for the year to 12% to 15% from the previous 11% to 13%, while maintaining our outlook for constant currency adjusted revenue growth of 7% to 8% and organic growth of 3% to 5%. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy.
Frank Anders Wilson: Thanks Rob, and good afternoon everyone. I'll provide some additional color on our end-markets, a financial summary of our first quarter results and details around our second quarter and our full year 2015 guidance. Due to the recent volatility of movement in foreign currencies, I'll be providing my commentary on a constant currency basis which assumes FX rates are the same year-over-year in order to better portray the results of the quarter. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures are included in our first quarter press release, and have been posted to our website. I'd like to begin by saying; we're off to a solid start in 2015. As Rob mentioned, we reported 5% constant currency adjusted revenue growth and 3% organic revenue growth in the quarter, with unfavorable foreign exchange rates representing a headwind of approximately 6%. Adjusted revenue was $527 million in the first quarter as compared to $532 million in the same period a year ago. And since we last provided adjusted revenue guidance back in January, unfavorable foreign exchange rates have negatively impacted our top line result by an additional $4 million. First quarter adjusted earnings per share was $0.50, up from $0.47 in the comparable period a year ago, and we had constant currency adjusted earnings per share growth of 19%. Our quarterly adjusted EPS was $0.05 above the midpoint of our guidance range, driven by strong incremental margins, favorable geographic and product mix as well as the timing of certain expenses in the current quarter. Looking at our geographic result, we were encouraged by balanced growth across all major geographies and end-markets with improved results in Europe and stable demand in China. Our first quarter organic revenue increased mid-single digit in the Americas, low-single digits in Europe and Asia with China growing at a high single-digit rate as expected. As to our operating results, first quarter adjusted gross margin was 47.7% representing constant currency adjusted gross margin expansion of 100 basis points. Our results were driven primarily by favorable mix, success with our Asia supply chain initiatives and year-over-year improvement in our OneSource business primarily related to new customer startup cost in the first quarter of last year. For the full-year, we continue to forecast constant currency adjusted gross margin expansion of 70 basis points to 80 basis points. First quarter adjusted SG&A was 25.9% of adjusted revenue and a constant currency adjusted SG&A reduction of approximately 70 basis points from the prior period as we continue to benefit from the impact of successful indirect spend initiatives. Research and development spending in the first quarter was 6.1% of adjusted revenue and a constant currency adjusted R&D increase of approximately 50 basis points from the prior period, driven by our ongoing investments in innovative new product development. The majority of the increased development spend came at our Environmental Health business, supporting a number of new product introductions and incremental investment at Perten. As Rob mentioned, we launched a number of new products at Pittcon earlier this year. We're excited about the second half revenue opportunity and we continue to expect full year R&D spending to grow over 2014 levels. Overall, our operational performance in the first quarter was strong, as we expanded constant currency adjusted operating margins by approximately 130 basis points, driven by an improved gross margin and the success with the previously mentioned indirect spend initiatives. We continue to feel good about our ability to expand constant currency adjusted operating margins in the 80 basis point to 100 basis point range for the rest of 2015. Net interest expense in the first quarter was approximately $9 million flat versus the comparable period a year ago, and our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was approximately 22%, which was slightly higher than we previously guided due to the geographic mix of our profits in the quarter. We continue to expect our adjusted tax rate for the full year to be approximately 21%. Switching to the segments. First quarter organic revenue increased approximately 4% in our Human Health business and approximately 2% in our Environmental Health business. From an end market perspective, our Human Health business represented approximately 62% of reported revenue in the quarter with diagnostics representing 29% and research representing 33% of reported revenue. As a reminder, we now report our OneSource multi-vendor services business in research. Organic revenue growth from our diagnostics business increased mid single-digits off a high single-digits comparison in the first quarter a year ago. Our results were driven primarily by strength in our newborn and infectious disease testing solutions, which continue to garner strong demand throughout emerging markets as well as medical imaging, which had organic revenue growth of mid single-digits. In addition, birth rates in the U.S. stabilized showing modest growth versus a year ago. We had strong performance from our diagnostics business in China with double-digit organic revenue growth in the quarter, while our Haoyuan business continues to ramp. We remain optimistic around the Chinese nucleic acid testing opportunity ahead of us, but the near-term uptake is moving slower than expected, a result of the government moving to a centralized purchasing model versus their traditional provincial model. Organic revenue in our research business grew low single digits in the first quarter, driven by our recent new product introductions including the Opera Phenix as well as improved demand for our innovative automation systems and our OneSource and informatics offerings. We're currently seeing moderate improvement in the academic and government end market, a field that we have not yet seen an inflection point, while pharma and biotech remain stable. We continue to expect research sales to have low single-digit organic growth for the full year. Human Health adjusted operating margin in the quarter was 22%, up 270 basis points over the first quarter of last year due primarily to a positive mix shift into informatics and reagents and improvement in OneSource profitability and the timing of expenses in the quarter. Moving to our Environmental Health business, which represented approximately 38% of reported revenue in the quarter, we had organic revenue growth of 2% in line with our expectations. Strength in the U.S. was partially offset by softness in Asia-Pacific in spite of the good performance in China. From an application perspective, our first quarter reported results were driven by improved demand in the industrial end market, driven to a large extent by success in our Mat Car (15:30) offerings and Perten. As Rob mentioned, the integration of Perten Instruments continues to go very well and we're on track to deliver the $0.04 of accretion from the acquisition for the full year as previously guided. Environmental Health's adjusted operating margins in the quarter declined 270 basis points versus the first quarter a year ago, driven primarily by foreign exchange headwinds, the seasonality of Perten's profitability and the timing of selling and R&D investments supporting the new product launches previously mentioned at Pittcon. For the full year, we expect Environmental Health adjusted operating margins to expand 80 basis points to 100 basis points. Turning to the balance sheet, we finished the first quarter with approximately $1 billion of debt and approximately $170 million of cash. We exited the quarter with a debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.3 times and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.9 times. Adjusted operating cash flow from continuing operations was $62 million. This performance excludes $24 million in voluntary pension funding payments made in advance of upcoming interest rate and mortality table assumption changes. We do not forecast making additional voluntary, funding payments in the year. Looking into the second quarter and the balance of the year, we're well positioned to drive significant operational performance. We anticipate similar market and geographic growth rates as in the first quarter. As in 2014, our strong incumbent physicians coupled with the annualization of new product launches from the second half of 2014 and additional launches in the second half of 2015, give us confidence in our ability to deliver mid single-digit organic revenue growth in the current economic environment. Looking at the impact of foreign currency translation, the stronger dollar is now expected to negatively impact full-year adjusted revenues by approximately $137 million and impact adjusted earnings per share by approximately $0.23 in total or an incremental $37 million on the top line and approximately $0.08 per share on the bottom line from initial guidance. As a result, we now expect reported revenues for the year to be in the range of $2.24 billion to $2.29 billion and approximately 7% constant currency revenue growth at the midpoint. Our guidance continues to reflect organic revenue growth for the full-year of approximately 3% to 5%. We now expect adjusted earnings per share for 2015 to be in the range of $2.54 to $2.60 with a midpoint of $2.57 and constant currency adjusted earnings per share growth of 12% to 15% up from 11% to 13% as previously guided. Implicit in this guidance range is adjusted operating margin expansion of 30 basis points to 50 basis points. Net interest expense and other is expected to be approximately $42 million to $44 million. Our adjusted tax-rate is expected to be 21% with a flat diluted weighted average share count of approximately 113.5 million shares. For the second quarter of 2015, we're forecasting reported revenues to be in the range of $550 million to $560 million representing approximately 7% constant currency revenue growth with organic revenue growth of 3% to 4%. Adjusted earnings per share for the second quarter are expected to be in the range of $0.57 to $0.59 or 10% constant currency adjusted earnings per share growth at the midpoint. This concludes my prepared remarks. Whitley, at this time, we'd like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Ross Muken: Good afternoon, guys.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Ross Muken: So maybe on the environmental business, seemed like in general China had a pretty good quarter, but we only had sort of the low single-digit growth. So if we look at some of the culprits on that side of the business, what are you pointing to and how is it, how did it sort of trend over the course I guess of the quarter?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say on the environmental side, first of all, within China, as you mentioned we saw probably within the Environmental mid-single and that was pretty good strength on the Environmental industrial side, but we continue to see sort of slowing demand or challenging demand on the food side. So China while it was up high-single digits for PerkinElmer was more mid-single digits on the Environmental side. If you looked across more globally, we saw good growth in the U.S. sort of I would say low-single digit in Europe (20:18). And think about it from a trending perspective, what we saw was fairly stable demand through the quarters. I wouldn't say it was necessarily improving through the quarter, but fairly stable, as we look to early Q2 here we're seeing a little bit of an uptick.
Ross Muken: Got it. And maybe, Rob and Andy, as you were thinking about the obviously the core underlying performance was quite good on EBIT and earnings. The FX headwind obviously everyone's dealing with, you guys took a lot of cost measures out last year. You obviously have a pretty robust still balance sheet capability and as you were thinking about what measures you could do to kind of offset that given how well the rest of the business is performing, how did you sort of weigh maybe trying to mitigate versus this is sort of the reality of the strong dollar?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say on the margin, well, obviously we're trying to be prudent with our expenditures, but at the same time, to the extent that we see opportunities to either innovate with our products or to expand the markets, we're going to continue to invest. As you saw in our financials, R&D was up. That was our plan to increase R&D this year. So while I think we're cognizant of what's happening in the foreign exchange markets. At the same time, if we see strategic opportunities, we're going to continue to focus on those and spend the money. What Andy made some comments around was the indirect spend and we'll continue to focus and drive those. So I would say the areas that are not customer facing, the areas where we're not seeing opportunities to drive innovation in the marketplace, we're going to try and be prudent on. But, I think for the strategic opportunities to increase the top line, we're going to continue to invest.
Ross Muken: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Isaac Ro: Yeah. Good afternoon, guys. Thank you.
Robert F. Friel: Hi, how are you doing?
Isaac Ro: Hey. Just wanted to start off with a little bit of the comments you made regarding new products. Obviously, you had a slew of them at Pittcon and you mentioned them on the call. So I wonder if you could maybe quantify how much top line contribution you expect to see from new products?
Robert F. Friel: So I think in the beginning of the year, we said probably something in the $30 million to $35 million range is what we thought we'd get from new products this year. I think we're still on track to do that and maybe we'll do a little bit better. But, I would say that's the range that we're focused on for 2015.
Isaac Ro: Okay. Got you. And then, on the gross margin line, that was obviously pretty strong and just wondering if you could break that down a little bit. Number one, how much of the improvement year-on-year was due to mix? And then, as part of that conversation, was wondering how much FX actually held back gross margin this quarter? I imagine it would have been even better if it hadn't been for currency? Thanks.
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah. Currency was about 30 basis points, Isaac. So without the impact of currency we would have been 100 basis points of improvement. We were actually at 70 basis points on a post currency level. I would say, some of the efforts we had around supply chain, were a piece of that and I would say, that's probably a little less than half and the remainder would've been the positive mix we saw and to the diagnostics and informatics business as well.
Isaac Ro: Got it. Thanks so much, guys.
Frank Anders Wilson: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with Leerink. Please proceed.
Dan L. Leonard: Thank you. I have a working capital question. It looks like the inventory days were higher than they've been in quite a long time, was there any specific driver for that?
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah. There were a couple of things. On the working capital  on the inventory side, we've done  we've initiated a project around reducing transportation costs so there is a one-time pickup of the inventory. It's really around ocean freight so we have a bit of an inventory build there. There were some related as well to Perten. But I think you should see from these levels, those inventory turns should improve each quarter. In addition, we  as Rob mentioned, we introduced a number of NPIs at Perten and there is a fairly meaningful amount of demo inventory required as we roll those out. But I think, overall we still  we still think we'll make some pretty decent traction on inventory. I mean if you look at our receivables, we made some tremendous progress there so it was able to offset some of that inventory, but we still have work to do.
Dan L. Leonard: Got it. And then my follow-up. Can you quantify the anticipated benefit from the Waters collaboration? I know they made an attempt to quantify it on their call and I was wondering what you thought the flow through would be for PerkinElmer? Thank you.
Robert F. Friel: Well I think, when we look at 2015, we think for us, it's going to have a relatively modest top-line improvement. Now as we get past 2015, we're quite excited about the collaboration. But keep in mind, in most instances at least early on this is a substitution for us because we provide effectively our own HPLC today and we're going to swap that out for Waters. So when you really think about that collaboration, it was done, I would say for sort of three reasons. One is, it really enables our customers to simplify their workflow by unifying their chromatography data on one platform, which is Empower. So going forward now when we sell our DC or LC, it'll be sort of standardized on Empower. The other was to sort of give our non-pharma customers access to UPLC from Waters. And the third one was we  it allows us to focus our R&D and software resources in the areas where we can better differentiate ourself. So I think that's how we think about to get it (26:06). Again, it's hopefully a lot of benefit to our customers, but I think in the relatively short-term here at least as we think about 2015, it's probably more of a substitution than it is incremental.
Dan L. Leonard: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Dan Arias with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Daniel Arias: Yeah, hi. Thanks for the question. Rob, just wanted to ask a little bit on OneSource. You mentioned that that move was paying off already. So I guess, what is the expectation for growth there this year?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think, if you look at OneSource I think, we continue to believe it's a sort of mid to high single digit grower, but I think the opportunity we see is to really pull some of the products through, because historically, we've had I'll call it enterprise relationships with our customers at both the OneSource level and at the informatics level. And I think, what we're seeing now again, it's early days, but by combining OneSource and informatics and getting those enterprise level relationships we think, there's an opportunity to pull through some of our products in the research. So while we're always looking to try and drive more growth within OneSource, I think the real opportunity from a growth perspective I think will be from more pull through from the product side.
Daniel Arias: Got it. Okay. And then maybe on the blood screening business in China, can you just sort of give an update on how that's tracking, how are you finding pricing to be there? I think you're kind of positioned in between the high-end pharma guys and the local so has there been any attempt by the other players to sort of adjust based on what you're seeing in the market? Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say, first of all, we continue to be very enthusiastic about that opportunity. The tenders are being delayed a little bit. So I would say, the growth was strong in Q2  or Q1, but we continue to see that be a significant ramp into the back half of the year. As far as our competitive situation, we continue to serve  win probably more than our fair share from the standpoint of  as you know there's five competitors. We're probably winning at a 30% to 35% of the tenders. And so, we feel good about that and we think this could be a significant opportunity, not only in the back half of 2015, but going into 2016 and later on. With regards specifically to pricing, we are not seeing dramatic pricing changes by either the international competitors or the local competitors for that matter. So I think we still feel like we've got a great spot relative to, as you pointed out, being in between those two sort of competitors.
Daniel Arias: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Miro Minkova with Stifel. Please proceed.
Miroslava Minkova: Good afternoon guys. Rob, a question on guidance. Your guidance for the full year, maintaining the organic revenue growth outlook of mid single-digit implies perhaps a bit of an acceleration the second half relative to the first half. Help us understand what is driving the acceleration  possible acceleration?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I think the majority of that's coming from new products and  as I alluded to a little bit in the prepared comments, particularly on the Environmental side, we're pleased that at Pittcon and this is the last quarter, we're able to introduce some 12 new products. So I think that's really what we're attributing to the majority of the pickup in the back half.
Miroslava Minkova: Okay. Thanks so much. And on the newborn testing initiatives in India, I think you mentioned you plan to screen about a million newborns. Is this a change from your expectations and then maybe update us on where that screening initiative is?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I would say it's a little bit better than we thought going into the year, and of course India presents a terrific opportunity from a newborn screening perspective. 27 million children or babies are born there every year. And so, we've had discussions with the national government there and we're cooperating in what I would call a sort of a private-public relationship or partnership where we're trying to encourage them at sort of the federal level, but at the same time it's administered at the state level. And so, I would say historically we've had some small pilots. But what we've seen in the first quarter is this ramp up to sort of a bigger volume. And as I mentioned, we're now probably going to do close to a million children, so a huge opportunity out there. But like anything, this probably will take a little time to sort of ramp up, but I would say relative to the beginning of the year, this is probably better than we thought.
Miroslava Minkova: Okay, sounds good. And I'll get back in queue. Thank you.
Robert F. Friel: Great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of (31:09). Please proceed.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. Thank you for taking the questions.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah.
Unknown Speaker: Congrats on a good start to the year. So if we think  just sticking with the theme of the back half weighting, are those new products that you introduced  are those actual orders in the funnel or is that in anticipation of building the funnel over the next couple months here? And when we think about the impact kind of flow through on margins, again it seems like the back half EPS weighting on the updated guidance is a bit heavier in the back half. How do you think about product mix kind of affecting the gross margin in the back half of the year?
Robert F. Friel: Well, first of all on your initial question, those products were introduced at Pittcon, a majority of those are shipping now or will be shipping in May, several of them we started to take orders. And so, I would say we feel pretty good about the acceptance out in the marketplace and the ability to sort of drive that incremental growth in the back half of the year. With regard to margins, I think anytime you introduce new products, clearly the objective is to put products out there that have better cost positions or better features for which we can hopefully get better gross margins or better price, and clearly that's the intention with these products. So I think some of that is, the new product coming out with higher gross margins. I think the other thing is just, naturally if you look in the fourth quarter because our calendarization suggests that we've had higher volume. Historically, you will see higher operating margins in the fourth quarter of the year just because of the seasonality of our revenue. So I think it's part of that and I think it's the new products.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Great. And then from a strategic perspective, how are you thinking about the business into this year, maybe a little bit more volatility we've heard some of your competitors saying things might be brightening up in terms of competition with some of the private investment firms, in terms of looking at the M&A funnel. Are you guys in a mode where all options are on the table or things might be getting a little bit better or still looking at kind of strategic tuck-ins into the organization?
Robert F. Friel: You know, first of all, I think we look at everything. We look at all opportunities to sort of make PerkinElmer better. I think generally we focused on smaller bolt-on acquisitions because quite frankly I think the probability of that happening is higher. But quite frankly we will look at small deals, we'll look at medium deals, we'll look at large deals. I just think as I said, the probability of the smaller deals happening are probably higher. Having said that, I think there is  for a long period of time there has been a lot of competition in the marketplace and I think what we've historically said is, for us to be able to successfully acquire and integrate deals that make sense for PerkinElmer and their shareholders is, we've got to have good synergies and those synergies have to either be from a channel perspective or operations or technology or et cetera. And so what we're generally looking at is acquisitions that are close to what we do today or adjacencies where we can leverage the current assets of PerkinElmer. And I think in those instances we can be very competitive on price.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Great. Thank you. I'll jump back into the queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg with UBS. Please proceed.
Jonathan Groberg: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question and congratulations on the quarter.
Robert F. Friel: Sure. Thanks.
Jonathan Groberg: Rob, following up on your comments around Waters, I mean, and just if I'm interpreting it correctly, you're kind of saying look, we don't have as much scale specifically around chromatography, they kind of have better scale at least on the liquid side, you can better utilize your resources elsewhere where you have more differentiation. I guess in that vein, just how are you thinking about scale generally as far as PerkinElmer goes and given what you've seen happen in the industry?
Robert F. Friel: I think generally what we look at is to have scale in the relative markets in the way that our customers buy products, and I think that's what we've been talking about for some period of time. So for us, it's scale is important, relative market share is obviously very important, but it's how do you define the market. And I think in some instances, when you look at how we define the market, we think we have significant scale. And so, the obvious example is, we don't define the market that we think  or do we think the market should be defined as diagnostic testing. We think the market should be defined as newborn testing or prenatal testing, because we believe that's how the customer buys. And in those instances, we have high. So if you look at diagnostic testing, we would have very small market. If you look at newborn screening or newborn diagnostics, we have very high market, and similarly that's what we look at how the customer buys, or in the case of people want to do imaging. Again, we have very high relative market share. When we moved into some of the environmental or analytical instrument applications, I think it was helpful to have some of these complementary detection capabilities. Of course we feel we have got good scale in ICP or ICP-MS or spectroscopy, et cetera. But in the area of chromatography which I think is complementary in some instances to these techniques or technologies, we didn't have a lot of scale. And so therefore, we thought the partnership with Waters made a lot of sense. And again, it's focused in a market segment or market segments that they don't participate in today. So it's in the sort of more industrial and environmental end-markets.
Jonathan Groberg: Sure. So would you expect kind of what you did with Waters to be a one-off or are you kind of focused on the areas as you define them, you want to really be number one in those areas, and could we expect other types of agreements like the one with Waters?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think generally what we look at is again based on how we define the relative markets we'd like to be one or a close number one. If we feel at some point we can't get there then we probably should either exit it or find a better or different way to get there. And then in case of liquid chromatography we didn't see a path to get there and so this was an alternative way of sort of continuing to participate in the marketplace. I think that is how I would sort of describe it, but as far as a one-off I would say there are many other opportunities to do this, but I would say it's probably more sort of in the minority generally speaking we would prefer to get there organically.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. And if I could, just one quick one on China, again on the blood screening, I think one of the opportunities that exist in China wasn't there something like 400 different blood banks or just a bunch of tenders and I think Andy you mentioned that they are moving now to more centralized purchasing. Is that a tailwind or a headwind for you guys in that market? Thanks.
Frank Anders Wilson: So that is really more of a timing headwind. It's really not as far as our ability to catch those tenders it's really a neutral, but just as far as how quickly those tenders are issued and approved that gets slowed by this change.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: Great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Please proceed.
S. Brandon Couillard: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
S. Brandon Couillard: Andy, you mentioned timing of expenses in the first quarter benefiting EPS, can you elaborate on what those were and do those shift into 2Q now?
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah, it's in our guidance, but it was basically continued hiring. We have a number of positions both on the commercial side and the R&D side we're continuing to ramp and we had forecasted that those would ramp a little bit quicker than they did. We still expect to fill those as we move, and we have been filling some of those thus far in the second quarter. So I think that will normalize through the year and that additional cost is in our guidance.
S. Brandon Couillard: And then in terms of the EPS guidance for the year, Andy could you help me reconcile something? So it looks like the GAAP EPS outlook went up by $0.02, but the non-GAAP number came down, I think, $0.05 or so at the midpoint and the amortization anticipated for the year is looks like meaningfully lower. Can you help me just bridge the delta on those components?
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah. Let me get back to you on that because I don't have that in front of me, but I can get that to you very quickly.
S. Brandon Couillard: Okay. And then, I guess, any update in terms of the operating or free cash flow metrics for the year? Had you previously contemplated the pension payment in the first quarter?
Frank Anders Wilson: We had contemplated a portion of the pension. We're still looking at $300 million for the year, and we still feel confident in our ability to generate that type of cash flow. So I think that's the overall metric hasn't change. As I mentioned earlier, we have some work to do around inventory. I think that's going to be helpful. I think we've got plans and leadership in place to do that. So I think nothing has really changed overall. And the pension funding itself, we really like to stay at around 80% on a funding basis and that just gets us back to that kind of comfort zone on funding. We don't have any more mandatory payments until late 2017 early 2018. So we're  but we're just trying to make sure we're conservative in our estimates around pension costs.
S. Brandon Couillard: Super. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen & Company. Please proceed.
Doug A. Schenkel: Hi, hey. Good afternoon, guys.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Doug A. Schenkel: So I guess my first question is a follow up on Waters. You've indicated that you expect Waters or the Waters deal to not meaningfully impact guidance, because it's initially at least for this year, it sounds like a substitution, is how you phrased it I believe?
Robert F. Friel: Yes.
Doug A. Schenkel: Our understanding is that, this allows you to move a bit upstream with your product offering, and the types of applied customers you are addressing in that channel. If I remember correctly, from a few days ago, Waters guidance includes, what sounds like about $20 million in revenue associated with this deal for the balance of the year. When you kind of assume there is some sort of mark up here that would seem to translate into something like call it $22 million to $25 million in revenue for you guys. If we're thinking about it the right way, I guess, what I'm wondering is there really that much revenue to substitute with overlapping products, and how does this substitution impact margins? And I guess kind of the final part of the question is, was this contemplated in original guidance or is this, should we view this as a new development in the context of the full-year?
Robert F. Friel: Okay. Let me try and hit a couple of those. So it was contemplated in the original guidance, I mean this is something we have been in discussions with Waters, and hopeful that we could get it sort of concluded before peak time which we were. With regard to margins, we think this is going to be probably neutral maybe a little helpful to margins, and I think the reason for that is that, as I mentioned in the prepared comments is, from a gross margin perspective it's maybe neutral or a little lower, but of course we can eliminate a fair amount of operating expenses associated with that. So I talked about sort of R&D that we spend today, also software engineers that we have that are associated with our, we have our own chromatography software. So we think from an operating margin perspective it could be neutral to accretive to us largely because of the operating expenses that we can reduce as a result of not having to support both the software and the production and R&D of the product. With regard to the sort of how much incremental revenue is to us versus Waters, it's really difficult for me to comment on Waters. So I'll leave that up to them and I don't know if it's $20 million for 2015 or $20 million annualized, but again that's  again I'll leave that to them. I just I think when we look at the opportunity in 2015, and again I emphasize, I think we're excited about the opportunity. We just  I guess, we're being somewhat cautious in sort of trying to build in a lot of revenue upside. Now, as we get into 2016, I think we are quite excited about the opportunity from the standpoint as you point, we can go upstream a little bit particularly with the UPLC and selling more of our GC that will be tied to Empower, but I think for 2015 right now, we don't see this is a huge incremental.
Doug A. Schenkel: Okay. That's really helpful color. Maybe just a couple quick ones on the quarter. Obviously, a really strong growth in operating margin quarter despite coming in at the lower end of your organic revenue growth guidance. Can you comment on whether there was anything notable that benefited margin? One thing that's come up a little bit over the last few quarters is lumpiness in licensing revenue, as we think about microfluidics and imaging, anything notable as it compared to say Q4 or Q1 levels of last year?
Frank Anders Wilson: Well, specifically on licenses, actually that was a headwind for us in the quarter. So that as I mentioned before certainly around gross, around mix and the other items, I think were the primary drivers. And actually one other item I didn't mention was OneSource. There was fairly significant improvement in OneSource gross margins from the first quarter of last year to the first quarter of this year. If you look at or listen to an earlier question about, have we done anything? We really tried to accelerate some of the initiatives around supply chain on the gross margin side and around the indirect spend so that we can reinvest back in R&D and selling. So, I think we were particularly successful in the first quarter. Hopefully that'll continue through the next three quarters, but those were kind of the key drivers.
Doug A. Schenkel: Okay. That's great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Robert F. Friel: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Brokmeier with Maxim Group. Please proceed.
Bryan Paul Brokmeier: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions.
Robert F. Friel: Thanks.
Bryan Paul Brokmeier: More on the Waters agreement, just wondering you talked a little bit about moving upstream, but I was curious in terms of geographies. Do you see the U.S. or China or what geographies do you see as being the greatest opportunity for you to sell into?
Robert F. Friel: I think we feel good sort of from a global geography. I mean if you look at the distribution of our business, clearly we've got strength in U.S. and Europe and China. So I think this is going to be hopefully helpful business across the globe. So I don't think I would spike down in any particular region or geographic area where I think this is going to be helpful.
Bryan Paul Brokmeier: Okay. And given the currency environment, have you made any changes to your capital spending or operating expense changes, and how easily can you make changes in the near and intermediate term?
Robert F. Friel: I think Andy alluded to a couple things. I think we've accelerated some of our actions around trying to get after sort of indirect cost and supply chain. But I would say, generally speaking, our approach has been, let's continue to stay on plan relative to our investments particularly in the areas of growth.
Bryan Paul Brokmeier: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Robert F. Friel: Good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Knight with Janney Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Bryan A. Kipp: Hi guys this is actually Bryan Kipp on behalf of Paul. Rob I just want to dig in a little bit into your research commentary. I think that you said for the full year low single-digit growth and I'm just thinking in context to your commentary around OneSource and Opera Phenix, if I just kind of do back of the envelope suggests that close to 50% of incremental could come from that 20% contribution on that side, so what's kind of the underlying dynamics going on there? Is it just academic and government pressure or is it kind of a new product cycle you guys need to have or go through to kind of reignite growth there?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think as we've talked about research in the past I think the thing to recognize is we've got a big radio chemical business that creates a fair amount of drag. As we get into the back half of the year we did have a nice introduction of Opera Phenix in the back half. We're going to cycle up against that now, hopefully we'll continue to grow that. And I would say the third area I would speak on when you're talking about research is Japan. I mean we didn't talk a lot about Japan, but clearly when I think about the first quarter the area that was and although we were at our sort of guidance range it was at the bottom end of the guidance range I would probably attribute that to a weaker Japan than we had expected. I mean we would have forecasted Japan sort of flattish for the first half, and it was down high single digits. And so we're a little cautious about how quickly that returns. I know the budget was recently approved here in April, but again based on what we're seeing and also when we sell into Japan that's probably one of the areas where the currency change is impacting us strategically. I would say if I was going to spike out one area where the strength of the dollar has been somewhat challenging from a strategic or a competitive perspective I would say Japan.
Bryan A. Kipp: If you get Japan to kind of come back around, I mean you can't control that, I understand, but, and the currencies kind of stabilize, can you get it back to the mid single-digit with your underlying portfolio or you think it kind of stays...
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I think we can. And I think one of the things that we'll be able to, hopefully if we do that it'll be because we'll get the traction on the OneSource informatics and pull through of the products. I think that will be clear and then we continue to see good traction on the new products. So if our goal is to get that up to single digits  mid single digits. But I think for purposes of guidance, we continue to sort of forecast it in the low single digits.
Bryan A. Kipp: All right. And I just, one quick additional one. Did you guys see any net benefit from extra days in the quarter? And kind of what pricing conversations are you having? Are you more skewed towards new products or are you able to get some pricing here with the FX volatility?
Frank Anders Wilson: We did not have any extra days in the quarter, I think we communicated it on our January call that we would have extra days in the third quarter of this year. But from a pricing perspective, we continue to be able to get pricing specifically on the reagent consumable side, it becomes a little tougher on the instrument side. But I think overall, it was fairly modest in the first quarter but we continue to try to get it wherever we can.
Bryan A. Kipp: Appreciate it. Thanks again, guys.
Robert F. Friel: Good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Elliot with Baird. Please proceed.
Jeff T. Elliott: Yeah. Thanks guys. Just a follow up on OneSource. Can you talk about the competitive environment there? I guess what are you seeing from a win rate or a retention perspective?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, well OneSource was strong in the quarter. I mean one of the things that now clearly with the restatement of those answers you get pretty good transparency in what OneSource was doing. But I think what you would see is that, OneSource on sort of a currency neutral basis grew mid-teens. And so, clearly we think we're continuing to do well there. We did have a couple wins from the standpoint of Gilead and Boehringer. And so I think the competition continues to be tough and challenging, but I think we continue to do well.
Jeff T. Elliott: Got it. And then, Andy, can you provide any color on the indirect spend initiative, I guess how much are you forecasting this year in terms of improvement? And then is there opportunity on the direct side of spending? You talk about indirect a lot, but how about on the direct side?
Frank Anders Wilson: Well, that is actually the natural next step and we're  we've created a team to actually start to generate some efforts around the direct side, which we do think that there is opportunity in. I think on the indirect side, we've looked for a $10 million plus savings year-over-year. I think we're well on track for that, hopefully we can exceed that, but we've got dedicated resources, dedicated purchasing people, and I think we've got an organization that's really rallied around this, because it really does allow us to reinvest back. So I would say, I feel as good if not better than I did going into the year on the indirect spend side, and I think the additional opportunity as you mentioned is direct side, so hopefully we'll have more to talk about that in the next couple of quarters.
Jeff T. Elliott: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Tycho W. Peterson: Hey, thanks. Can you comment on performance of the recent acquisitions Ceiba and Perten, and are you still kind of assuming 7% to 8% growth for Perten for the year?
Robert F. Friel: So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we were very pleased with Perten. We think the integration is going well. Perten actually grew sort of low double-digits in the first quarter. So we think they're well on track to probably exceed sort of the model we set out there and I think Andy mentioned the fact that we expect to probably do a little bit better than the $0.04 accretion that we talked about. So, I think, things are going well with Perten and I think we continue to see more opportunities with the synergies between what Perten does and what PerkinElmer does. So historically they've been a significant player within the grain area. We see rolling out then to things like edible oil and a number of other areas where the combined competencies of the twp companies can be quite powerful in the marketplace.
Tycho W. Peterson: And then just looking at some of the businesses, medical imaging rebounded a little bit. You guys have called out mid-single-digit organic growth. I mean I feel like that business hasn't grown in a while. How much of that was a comp issue versus potentially a recovery in the market?
Frank Anders Wilson: I think most of it, Tycho, was more of a comp issue. I think it's obviously it's a fairly choppy market and I think second half they are saying some headwinds. But overall if you look at  broadly at the market, it's under some pressure, but I still think we feel like we can have positive growth for the year in that business.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I think the first quarter last year Tycho, they were sort of flat to down slightly.
Tycho W. Peterson: Yep. And then just a little  lastly a general question on the informatics business. I mean I'm trying to string together a couple points here, but I think you've talked about the need to hire additional software folks and maybe that's taking a little bit longer. We periodically get questions about just the fact that a lot of your software isn't up in the cloud and how do you kind of adapt? And do you need to kind of evolve faster on the software informatics side? And a third segment of that line of questioning, you do obviously have a tomo product with Dexela I think, maybe just talk about expectations for that for tomo synthesis.
Robert F. Friel: All right. Okay. I didn't hear what you said on the third one. Okay, so with regard to the informatics idea, I agree with you. We've talked about the fact that we've got to get a cloud product with regard to our electronic notebook and quite frankly most of what we do. We have a product right now out with the academic customers who are working on one I would call it sort of in process with regard to pharma. So we continue to make progress on there and to Andy's point earlier we continue to look to hire software engineers to sort of accelerate. That's an area where I think we clearly want to accelerate our spending from an R&D and engineering standpoint because we continue to see significant opportunities within the informatics business I would say both to sort of drive more of historical PerkinElmer products, but also to build out and continue to expand the core informatics capabilities and business. So we'll continue to invest on that. And the last question was on the tomo product. And I think that's a relatively small product for us and we really haven't been pushing that tell you the truth.
Tycho W. Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Robert F. Friel: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Zarak Khurshid with Wedbush. Please proceed.
Zarak Khurshid: Hey. Good afternoon, Rob, Andy, Tommy.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Zarak Khurshid: Thanks for taking the questions. As we think about all the productivity enhancements ongoing and planned for this year, Andy, how impactful do you think they may be relative to the big productivity initiatives over the past few years?
Frank Anders Wilson: I would say the heavy lifting we did in 2013 and part of 2014 were probably the high watermarks. But I would say, we're probably in a  if you want to do a relative, we're probably 70% of those types of levels. It's just a different area that we're focused on whereas in 2013 and 2014, we were really looking at shrinking the footprint and rightsizing the organization. This is really looking at spend and given we have the flexibility now to look at it on a corporate wide basis, we see a lot of opportunities there. But and I think it's opportunity that we'll see over the next  certainly a couple to three years, as we start to move, and as I mentioned earlier into the direct side as well.
Zarak Khurshid: Very helpful. Thanks for that. And then just a follow-on  a lot of questions today on the M&A strategy, what about divestitures? How do you think about kind of simplifying the business?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I mean, I think we were always challenging ourselves from the standpoint of the portfolio and whether the rightful owner of assets. I guess my preference would be is  I'd like to sort of buy before we sell. So if we can be successful with some sizable acquisitions, I think we might look at a couple product line prunings, but quite frankly, when we look across the portfolio, we think most of the things fit pretty well, but like I said, I don't know that I want to get smaller before I get bigger.
Zarak Khurshid: Makes sense. Thanks. And then just a follow-up on China. Can you give us a rough sense for how large the Chinese infectious disease business can get and how much runway you think you have there over the next couple years? Thanks, guys.
Robert F. Friel: So I think on the infectious disease side, or is it newborn? Infectious disease, right? I would say...
Zarak Khurshid: Yeah.
Robert F. Friel: I think that can be a significant business for us, and depending on the timeframe, clearly north of $100 million.
Zarak Khurshid: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Alexander D. Nowak: Great. Good afternoon everyone. This is actually Alex Nowak on for Bill.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Alexander D. Nowak: All right, and to follow up to your  in follow up to your previous comment what are your Japanese research funding assumptions going forward? Are you still expecting flat growth  did you bring these down following the quarter?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I think what we've got for the remainder of the year is flat and may even be actually a little negative in the second quarter, quite frankly. So I would say low-single and then sort of flattish in the back half.
Alexander D. Nowak: Okay. All right. Excellent. And then in U.S. newborn screening you said that the birth rates were slowing. Do you still see that there is  you can still continue your growth there with menu expansion? Or do you think this even could be like an uptick in Medicare coverage with the Affordable Care Act?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I just want to correct. I don't know that we said it was slowing. I mean, we might have said it was slow single, but I think for  at least what the data we look at says that the U.S. birth rate is sort of stable, but it's a sort of 1% to 2% range. I don't know that we're seeing anything significantly slowing. If we're talking specifically in the U.S., I think the opportunity to grow there is to expand the menu and we've talked about kids in the past. We continue to see that being adopted by states. I think if you look out a year or two probably the next series of tests are probably around LSD, but I would say for the next couple quarters, I think the majority of the growth in newborn is going to come probably outside the U.S. and probably specifically within newborn. One of the areas we're actually quite excited about as I mentioned the fact that we got the China FDA approval of our GSP which is our sort of automated analyzer. And I think what that does is, two things for us. One is, it first of all allows us to take the number of tests today that are done manually and put them on automated platform. And as we continue to get approval of the assays, I think it will accelerate the ramp of the menu. Second, it starts to really differentiate us from the competition. So, I think we've talked about in the past that we have sort of 70% market share in China. And most cases, what we're competing against is local home brews or others that are doing manual. We don't think  clearly, there is nobody else who has a regulated or approved automated analyzer. And so again, as more and more of China moves to an automated which we think they will in order to get higher throughput, it provides us a huge differentiated advantage and allows us to ramp screening much quicker.
Alexander D. Nowak: Okay, excellent. And then real quick, how big was the OneSource business in the quarter? Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: It was $29 million, but...
Frank Anders Wilson: $35 million.
Robert F. Friel: $35 million.
Frank Anders Wilson: $35 million.
Robert F. Friel: $35 million. $35 million.
Alexander D. Nowak: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America please proceed.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good afternoon.
Frank Anders Wilson: Hi Derik.
Derik De Bruin: Hey, you talked about some contract wins in OneSource, but is there anything coming up for renewal? I believe your Merck contract is coming up soon and just talk about sort of, is there anything that we need to watch out for on the headlines going forward in that business?
Robert F. Friel: Derik, I am not aware of any significant contracts that are coming up in 2015, so I don't  I mean in any given year we probably got some of that because I think as you know, most of these are on a three-year cycle, so there may be some small ones, but I don't think there is anything significant.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And could you  just how big is your Japan business?
Robert F. Friel: I think it's $50 million or so.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And I guess speaking of currencies, some of your competitors had made some comments about customers losing some purchasing power, because they didn't have enough cash basically to buy products and so things were delayed. Did you see any of that in the quarter?
Frank Anders Wilson: No.
Robert F. Friel: No. Not that I'm aware of.
Derik De Bruin: And so Andy, you talked about some of the expenses being delayed a little bit in the quarter, so should we expect to see those expenses in Q1 going in Q2?
Frank Anders Wilson: They'll gradually go through Q2 and the balance of units. It's really around hiring, and at any point in time...
Derik De Bruin: Got you.
Frank Anders Wilson: We're constantly hiring, but I guess it'll be a slow ramp as we continue to bring the informatics and the R&D resources on board.
Robert F. Friel: And so Derik, let me correct. So the $50 million I gave you was sort of Human Health, for PerkinElmer it's $80 million for Japan. Sorry about that.
Derik De Bruin: Got you. Great. And that was down  and that was down you said that was down high single digits, correct?
Robert F. Friel: High single-digits, yeah.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you very much. That's helpful.
Robert F. Friel: Great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Lawson with Mizuho. Please proceed.
Peter R. Lawson: Hi, Andy. Just long term, where do you think margins can eventually go?
Frank Anders Wilson: Well, I think on the operating margin front, we've felt all along that we should have a two-handle in front of our operating margin. And I think we've set a goal of getting to 20% plus in 2017. I think with the volatility of currency, it makes it a bit tougher. It's still our goal. But I would say, in that timeframe or maybe just slightly longer, we still see our way to doing that. And I think we have plans in place, FX aside, that will help continue to improve our margin. So I don't think there is anything structural that would keep us from hitting those types of goals.
Frank Anders Wilson: Operator?
Robert F. Friel: Peter did we lose you?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Steve B. Willoughby: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. A lot of them have been asked, but two things. First on Perten, can you discuss if there is any seasonality in that business as the revenue there looked a little bit lighter than I was expecting? And then just I guess if you could also reconcile the 2% addition of revenue from acquisition versus the 3% that's shown in the latter part of your press release? And then I have one follow-up.
Robert F. Friel: Okay. So I'll only take the first one, and I'll give the second one to Andy. So clearly there is seasonality in Perten, and to your point, when we looked historically, the first quarter is light, second quarter starts to pick up a little bit, but their real strong quarter is the third quarter. And it ties to the sort of harvest season. So clearly, there is some cyclicality. And that's both on the revenue side, and clearly on the profitability side as well.
Frank Anders Wilson: Yeah, the only difference I think, on the reconciliation and I'll double check for you, Steve, but there is some purchase accounting adjustments in the numbers as well as the revenues that roll up to that 3%, so there could be some rounding in there, but I'll double check that, and get back to you.
Steve B. Willoughby: Okay. Thanks. And then I guess, just my other follow-up and I apologize if you already discussed this topic was just on the in vivo imaging business and how that's performing. I know that there are some patents that rolled off last year and if you guys had any color or commentary on that would be helpful.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah. I think on the product basis, that did well this quarter and our expectation is for that to continue to do well. As you mentioned, there will be, there was some patents that rolled, or there's some royalties that rolled-off in the first quarter, there'll continue to be some that'll create a headwind in the second quarter, and then by the third quarter they are gone effectively. Right, because we anniversary the patents, the patents were expired in the middle of last year. So if you look at just the product, I think it continues to do well sort of high single digits.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue. I will now turn the call over to Rob Friel for closing remarks.
Robert F. Friel: Great. So first of all thanks for all your questions and in closing let me just reiterate that we feel very good about the accomplishments in the first quarter, and believe we are well positioned to deliver another strong year for PerkinElmer. So thanks for joining us for the call and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2014 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. My name is Joyce, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Tommy Thomas: Thank you, Joyce. Good afternoon, and welcome to the PerkinElmer Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of the earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until February 12, 2015. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon, and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any other date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during the call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I am now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that we delivered very good performance in the fourth quarter, capping off a successful year in which we've made significant progress against our strategic priorities and delivered strong financial results. Over the past year, we've expanded our organizational capabilities, introduced new innovative solutions for our customers, focused our investments in the most attractive end markets and exceeded our financial forecast despite challenging macroeconomic conditions. Turning to our financial performance in the fourth quarter. We experienced a general strengthening of the business, as we saw good growth throughout all products and geographies, with organic revenue growing 5%. We expanded adjusted operating margins by 200 basis points to 21.5%, delivered strong operating cash flow of $97 million and increased adjusted earnings per share by 15% to $0.85, coming in at $0.06 above the high end of our guidance. To mention a few commercial highlights from the fourth quarter, in the diagnostics markets, we were proud to receive market authorization from both the FDA and Health Canada to offer the first commercially available newborn screening test for SCID in the U.S. and Canada. Testing for SCID, which is an inherited metabolic disease that impacts an estimated 1 in 58,000 newborns each year, represents yet another important milestone as we expand our newborn screening menu. Moreover, as we aggressively spur our footprint to meet demand for prenatal, neonatal and infectious disease screening, we announced the opening of PerkinElmer's state-of-the-art clinical testing lab in Suzhou, China. This new facility will offer a complete solution for hospitals and patients and supports the country's investments toward detection and prevention of birth defects and infectious disease. Also during the fourth quarter, we made significant traction against our strategy to further penetrate the multibillion-dollar global food testing market through our acquisition of Perten Instruments Group, a leading supplier of analytical instruments for quality control of food, grain, flour and feed. We're excited about the opportunity to combine Perten's product portfolio, customer relations and technology with ours and make greater impact on the world's supply of safe food. In the life sciences market, our new innovations are creating incremental market demand, including our Opera Phenix High Content Screening System, which has experienced an outstanding order rate since launching in the third quarter. Contributing to the Opera Phenix's success is its ability to work seamlessly with our High Content Profiler, a powerful new scientific analysis and visualization application powered by Spotfire. The High Content Profiler helps customers better interpret their high-dimensional big data and draw critical insights more quickly. Customers are finding that by pairing these 2 capabilities, they have a line of sight towards moving into the next phase of gene targeting for personalized medicine drug discovery. Finally, in our efforts to adopt a more market- and customer-focused organizational approach, earlier this month, we announced the move of our OneSource service group from the Environmental Health business into our Human Health business. With the predominant OneSource customer base being in the pharma and biotech markets, this realignment will better equip us internally to serve our life science customers with complete solutions targeted toward their needs. Reflecting on the full year, I'm very pleased with our financial performance, especially in light of the current macro environment. In 2014, we grew organic growth -- we grew organic revenue by 4%, expanded adjusted operating margins over 160 basis points, increased adjusted EPS by 18% to $2.47 and generated strong operating cash flow of $282 million. With that said, 2014 marked the final year of the plan we set 5 years ago to generate significant adjusted operating margin improvement through both productivity and growth investments. Adjusting for the recent stronger dollar, we would have exceeded our goal of the 18% operating margins. More importantly, since establishing this goal in 2009, we have increased revenue at an 8% CAGR and EPS at an 18% CAGR. Furthermore, throughout the last 5 years, we have elevated our leadership positions within the markets we serve. Today, 75% of our total revenue derives from products that hold 1 of the top 3 positions in their markets. All in all, our portfolio today is better focused on those areas where we can deliver exciting capabilities targeted towards meeting demand in the fast-growing markets and geographies. In that regard, we are pleased to be recently named by Instrument Business Outlook as the Company of the Year for 2014, in which they highlighted our ability to commercialize innovation as a key strength. Building on our track record, I'm confident that we have the right roadmap, as we head into the next 5 years, to continue to expand operating margins and grow our top line. Before I turn the call over to Andy to cover our fourth quarter financial results in more detail, I would like to briefly share some perspectives around the current growth environment. From a geographic standpoint, the outlook in APAC remains stable, with China experiencing continued growth in diagnostics and some recovery in the research, environmental and industrial markets. Europe continues to face a weakened economy and should pose similar challenges in 2015 as it did during the majority of last year. The U.S. economy, on the other hand, is improving, although the stronger dollar is creating new challenges, especially in emerging markets. We do anticipate a material headwind to growth in 2015 as a result of the unfavorable FX impact. Looking at our end markets, pharma is stabilizing as customers move back into development mode and away from restructuring. We also expect to see strong biotech growth for Europe and the U.S. in 2015. In particular, we are poised to benefit from investments in the area of cancer immunotherapy as well as the rising trend of outsourcing instrument maintenance and scientific services. The academic and government sectors most likely will stay flat over prior year, driven by soft funding in the U.S. and austerity in Europe. In the environmental and industrial markets, growth is expected to remain at similar levels as in the second half of 2014, dependent on impending global environmental regulations and macro GDP growth rates. We are optimistic about the rapidly expanding food market, which has become one of the fastest-growing segments of the analytical instruments sector. Finally, the global diagnostics markets that we participate in continue to be very good, driven by higher U.S. birth rates, prenatal and neonatal screening menu expansion and the long-term emerging market demand, especially in China. From an innovation standpoint, we exceeded our goal of achieving $15 million to $17 million in new product revenues during the second half of 2014. Market response to our new offerings has been quite positive, and we anticipate that new innovations will help contribute to continued growth this year. Notably, in the Environmental Health business, a robust pipeline of novel products will start to launch in the first half and gain scale in the back half of 2015. As we drive innovation forward, our focus will increasingly center on developing solutions that leverage capabilities from the full breadth of our portfolio, with the goal to enable critical insights and discoveries in Human and Environmental Health. As we enter 2015, we are optimistic about our opportunities to accelerate growth and further drive competitive differentiation. We remain cautious, however, given the recent PMI data indicating a decelerating global economic growth, which is somewhat tied to China's lower near-term outlook, drop in oil prices and foreign currency headwinds. While Andy will get into more detail, I want to give a high-level overview of our 2015 guidance. Due to the significant impact of foreign exchange changes relative to the average rates last year, I will discuss our forecast on a constant currency basis, assuming exchange rates remain where they are currently. On a constant currency basis, we are forecasting top line growth of 6% to 8%, with organic revenue growth of 3% to 5% and about 3% of revenue coming from acquisitions completed last year. Based on the top line performance -- based on this top line performance, we believe we can grow adjusted EPS 11% to 13% on a constant currency basis. We expect the impact of the stronger dollar will reduce revenue by about $100 million and reduce the bottom line by about $0.15 relative to our forecast based on the current currency outlook. Consequently, our reported revenue guidance is $2.28 billion to $2.32 billion, which would represent 2% to 4% growth over 2014, and our adjusted EPS guidance is $2.58 to $2.64, which represents growth of roughly 5% to 7% off the $2.47 we delivered in 2014. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy to walk through our financial results in greater detail.
Frank A. Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. As I've done in previous quarters, I'll provide some additional color on our end markets, financial summary of our fourth quarter results, and I'll provide some details around our first quarter and full year 2015 guidance. And then we'll, as usual, open up the call for questions. I'd like to start by saying we had a very strong finish to the year. Organic revenue growth in the quarter was 5%, with recent acquisitions adding approximately 1%. This was offset by unfavorable foreign exchange, which represented a headwind of approximately 3%. Reported and adjusted revenues each increased 3% in the fourth quarter. Adjusted revenues were $609 million in the fourth quarter as compared to $593 million in the same period a year ago. Since we last provided adjusted revenue guidance back in October, foreign currency has negatively impacted our results by an additional $7 million. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share grew 15% to $0.85, with full year adjusted earnings per share growing 18% to $2.47. Our quarterly results were $0.06 above the high end of our guidance range, the result of both volume leverage and strong incremental margins driven by favorable geographic and product mix, as well as a modest impact from Perten. I'd like to note that approximately $5 million of revenues recognized in the fourth quarter related to sales that had originally been forecasted for the first quarter of 2015, but were shipped prior to year end at the request of our customers. Looking at our geographic results. We experienced broad-based growth across all major geographies and end markets, with improved results in academic markets and stronger analytical instrument demand in China. Our fourth quarter organic revenue increased high-single digits in the Americas, mid-single digits in Europe and Asia, with China also growing at a mid-single digit rate. As to our operating results, fourth quarter adjusted gross margins were 49.5%, up 30 basis points from the prior period. Volume leverage, along with geographic and product mix, including new products, were the key drivers offsetting the negative impact to foreign exchange. Fourth quarter adjusted SG&A was 23%, down 110 basis points from Q4 of 2013, benefiting from the impact of successful productivity initiatives and foreign exchange. Fourth quarter research and development spending was down approximately 50 basis points from the same period a year ago, due primarily to efficiencies resulting from the consolidation of our R&D activities and to our research Center for Innovation in Hopkinton. We expect modest increases in R&D spending throughout 2015 as we continue to invest in innovative new product development. Our operational performance in the fourth quarter was very strong as we expanded adjusted operating margins by 200 basis points to 21.5%, this in spite of the negative impact of foreign currency. Net interest expense in the fourth quarter was approximately $9 million, in line with guidance and lower than the prior period by approximately $5 million, due primarily to costs associated with the retirement of our private placement notes a year ago and the resulting lower interest costs resulting from refinancing at a lower interest rate. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 600,000 of the company's outstanding shares for a consideration of $26.5 million. For the full year 2014, we repurchased 1.3 million -- 1,350,000 shares for a total consideration of $61.3 million. Our adjusted tax rate for Q4 was approximately 20% and 20.5% for the full year, essentially in line with our guidance. Switching gears, I'd like to walk through the performance of our business segments for the fourth quarter. By segment, Q4 organic revenues in our Human Health business grew 3%, and the Environmental Health business grew 7%. From an end-market perspective, our Human Health business represented approximately 55% of reported revenue in the quarter, with diagnostics representing 26% and research representing 29% of reported revenue. Organic revenue growth from our diagnostics business increased mid-single-digits during the fourth quarter. Our results were driven primarily by strength in our newborn and prenatal screening and infectious disease testing solutions, which continue to garner strong demand throughout emerging markets. In addition, birthrates in the U.S. grew at a 2% rate, showing a modest improvement from a year ago. This performance was partially offset by the expected decline in our medical imaging business due to customer ordering patterns. Organic revenue in our research business grew low-single digits in the fourth quarter. Our Q4 results were driven by a number of new product introductions, including the Opera Phenix, EnSight and Touch, as well as improved demand for our innovative automation, quantitative technology and informatics platforms. Moving to our Environmental Health business, representing approximately 45% of reported revenue in the quarter. Analytical instruments sales represented approximately 25% and service represented approximately 20% of reported revenue. As Rob mentioned earlier, effective in 2015, we will be moving our OneSource Multi-Vendor Service offering into the research segment within Human Health to better serve our customers in the pharma, biotech end markets. As a result of this change, we'll be restating our historical financial results ahead of our first quarter 2015 earnings call. A non-GAAP reconciliation will also be posted on our website in the next few weeks to help you with your models. Environmental Health organic revenue increased high-single digits in the fourth quarter and mid-single digits for the full year 2014. Our fourth quarter results were driven by strong demand in both food and safety end markets, with particular strength from our ICP-MS product portfolio and continued strength at our service offerings. Turning to balance sheet. We finished the fourth quarter with approximately $1 billion of debt and approximately $175 million of cash. We ended the quarter with a debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.4x and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.0x. This compares to a net debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA ratio in the fourth quarter of 2013 of 2x, as we essentially utilize our operating cash flows to fund acquisitions and share buybacks during the year. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was $282 million versus $157 million in 2013. Improved working capital efficiency and completed operational investments were key drivers to this significant level of improvement. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter was a record $90 million. Looking back at 2014 results, we feel very good about our performance. Our mid-single digit organic revenue growth was encouraging, particularly in light of economic headwinds in Europe and China, aided in part by successful new product launches. As I mentioned, we are very pleased with our operating margin expansion, as we exited the year at 17.6% despite facing almost 50 basis points of currency headwinds during the year. This represents almost 500 basis points of margin improvement since we first communicated our longer-term operating margin expansion goals in early 2010. In summary, we have delivered strong results over the last 5 years, culminating in a very successful 2014. Turning to 2015. We entered the year with significant operational momentum. We anticipate market and geographic growth rates in 2015 to be somewhat similar to what was experienced in 2014. As in 2014, our strong incumbent positions, coupled with the benefit of a full year of new product revenue coming from launches in the second half of 2014 and additional launches in 2015, give us confidence in our ability to deliver organic revenue growth. As Rob mentioned, the stronger dollar is expected to negatively impact revenues by approximately $100 million and impact earnings per share by approximately $0.15. As a result, we expect reported revenues to be in the range of $2.20 -- I'm sorry, reported revenues to be in the range of $2.28 billion to $2.32 billion, which represents organic revenue growth of 3% to 5%. Adjusted earnings per share for 2015 is expected to be in the range of $2.58 to $2.64, which represents earnings per share growth of 6% at the midpoint. Included in this guidance is adjusted gross margin expansion of approximately 20 to 30 basis points and adjusted operating margin expansion of 30 to 50 basis points. Net interest expense is expected to be approximately $42 million to $44 million and adjusted tax rate is expected to be 21%. We also expect a flat weighted average share count of approximately 113.5 million shares. Given the significant strengthening of the dollar in the latter part of 2014, we also believe year-over-year comparisons will be more difficult in the first half of the year. Consequently, for the first quarter of 2015, we are forecasting reported revenues to be in the range of $530 million to $540 million or essentially flat, but represent organic revenue growth of 3% to 4%. As a result of the flat revenue, combined with the impact of the timing of sales recognized in the fourth quarter, which I mentioned earlier, we now expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.44 to $0.46 for the quarter. This concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, at this time, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel of Cowen and Company.
Douglas Schenkel: So my first question is, yes, this is clearly a nice end to a year marked by some quarter-to-quarter volatility. One way you've managed operational spend in the context of this volatility was cutting R&D expense. And to be fair, a lot of this was expected given the Hopkinton consolidation. But you did come in, I think, a little bit lower than many of us expected. So with this in mind, can you talk about what's baked into 2015 guidance specifically for new product contributions to revenue growth? And will you likely increase R&D spend a little bit looking ahead, given you are seemingly expecting a little bit of a pick-up in sales growth over the next few quarters?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, so first of all, our plan is to ramp up R&D. And I would say when you look at 2014, as you pointed out, part of that was a purposeful slowdown in spending. But probably the bigger impact was our ability to hire the engineers or find the engineers that we were looking for. And so as we talked about, I think, in the beginning of '14, we had a significant ramp-up of employment planned in Hopkinton and, quite frankly, it's taken us longer to find the qualified people to sort of fill those slots. So hopefully, we'll continue to succeed in that area. See the other area that we've been focused on ramping up is informatics software engineers, and again they are -- have been somewhat troublesome to find. And we've seen some good progress here probably in the last 30 to 60 days. So I think it's fair to expect an increase in R&D spending in 2015, and we'll continue to layer that in. Your other question was with regard to new product revenue. Clearly, we would expect an annualization of the revenue we saw in the second half. So I would say we're probably looking for something in the $30 million to $35 million of benefit from new products for the entire 2015.
Douglas Schenkel: Okay. And I guess a question on M&A. I mean, even subsequent to the completion of Perten, you guys have a pretty clean balance sheet. The rating on the company is higher now. So I was wondering if you wouldn't mind refreshing your financial criteria including ROIC hurdles, accretion requirements, maybe areas of prioritization and size limitations. And building off of this, would you describe the competitive environment in M&A? It does seem like leverage ratio limits have come down a bit for PE, which would seemingly be good for you. But beyond that, how would you describe the competitive environment for adding assets?
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, from our perspective, I think we feel pretty good about the capability we have to continue to do acquisitions and potentially buy back shares as well. So I think our slight preference is to do bolt-on acquisitions that add big capability both from a technology and an organizational capability. To the extent we can't find appropriate assets or the valuations are challenging, we would buy back stock. When we think about, over the next couple of years, we feel like we've probably got $1 billion of capability between the cash flow we -- the free cash flow we generate and the capacity we have on the balance sheet. We would be comfortable probably at 2.5x EBITDA, maybe stretching a little bit above that. But I think when you look at the combination, that's probably $1 billion of capability. With regard to the competitive environment, as I sort of alluded to before, I would say valuations are -- continue to be high. Makes sense relative to the cost of capital. So my sense is, increasingly, to make good assets work, you've got to have good synergies, and it's got to make sense relative -- either from a technology or from a market -- accessing customers. So we still see pretty good assets out there and we've got a pretty full pipeline. One of the things we did do in 2014 is we significantly ramped up our internal capabilities around business development. And so consequently, I think we've seen -- we've built a nice pipeline and we continue to feel optimistic about our ability to continue to bring in some great assets over the next couple of quarters.
Douglas Schenkel: Okay, that's helpful. And if I could sneak one more in for Andy and I'll get back in the queue. Andy, you've mentioned about $5 million in revenue that was pulled forward into the quarter. Would you be willing to just provide a little more color on how broad this was? Things like was it one customer? Was it a bunch of customers? And was it in 1 specific end market versus another?
Frank A. Wilson: Sure. It was really within 2 businesses. It was with our diagnostics business and with our informatics business. Both of those being high-margin businesses. But it was less than 10 customers, but it was split probably pretty evenly among the 2 businesses.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ross Muken of Evercore Partners.
Ross Muken: So maybe I've missed it. I think on environmental, I was trying to get some of the extra color on how growth looked between environmental and industrial. Can you give us a flavor for how those 2 pieces trended sort of on a core basis? And then was there any notable change geographically? And it seemed like your commentary as a whole, as you look forward, was more conservative because of PMI, but it looked like the business actually had some pretty good results in maybe some of the cyclically oriented areas. So I'm just trying to figure out...
Robert F. Friel: Yes so first of all, on a geographic basis in the environmental, we saw pretty good growth across all the geographies. So whether it was Europe, Asia or Americas, it was all around mid-single digits. Actually maybe Europe was a little bit higher. But within those 3 geographies, the growth of environmental was between 5% and 7%, so it was pretty broad-based. However, when you look at the segments, industrial was lower than the sort of core environmental and food. So if you look at industrial was sort of low-single digits, whereas sort of environmental food and water was sort of again closer to the mid to high. So there was bifurcation from an end-market perspective. But geographically, it was fairly broad-based. And again, just even within China, we saw some nice recovery and within environmental. Greater China grew high-single digits.
Ross Muken: And maybe just on the margin cadence, obviously, the currency environment has been tricky this year and obviously had a bit of weight in your earnings. So as you think about various levers, I mean, obviously Doug touched upon the balance sheet. You've got plenty of capacity there. But as we think about -- you obviously just are coming off a year where you had pretty spectacular expansion, that would seem like some of the heavy lifting is already sort of underway. How much wiggle room do you have if we see either FX or something macro-oriented happen to kind of flex that line to make sure you can kind of manage within the earnings range?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I still think we see a number of opportunities to improve the efficiency of the operations. And we've talked in the past about the fact that we've done a lot around our factory consolidation. But purposely, while we were doing that, we were not as focused on switching our supply base out, for example, because we didn't want to be both moving the factory and moving the supply base. We think there's opportunity to continue to get better leverage there. We've talked about -- I know Andy's been talking about the big initiative around indirect spend. We continue to get good traction there. And doing some things on how we go to market, whether it's more effectively utilizing the web or some of our back-office capabilities. So we continue to see a number of opportunities to drive efficiencies and improve margins outright. But quite frankly, I think now that we're at the level, call it 18%, we do want to shift our focus a little bit more to growth. And so going back to sort of Doug's original question, I'm hopeful that we will be able to take up our spend around innovation. And we talked about opening up the China lab. There's another -- a number of great opportunities we see to take advantage of what we think are some terrific market positions that we have.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson, JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson: I just want to actually follow-up on the M&A discussion. Can you give us a sense of how you're prioritizing different areas? Obviously, the 2 recent acquisitions, Perten Instruments and Ceiba, speak to some of the industrial or applied markets. Can you maybe just talk a little bit about software versus other areas that you might prioritize from an M&A perspective?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I'd start off by saying, I mean, I think the great thing about PerkinElmer right now is if you look at research, if you look at diagnostics, if you look at environmental, all those I think are attractive end markets. So we've got potential targets in all of those. From a prioritization standpoint though, we would probably put diagnostics probably a little bit higher. We just -- and I think we like the macro trends there, particularly in the areas we operate in. When you think about what's potentially -- the rising middle class, particularly in the emerging markets, and the continued pressure that's going to put on access to health care and aspects of newborn and infectious disease. So I would say that has a little bit of a maybe higher priority for us. We like the environmental area especially -- particularly food. And even within the research area, there's some areas that -- from a technology perspective. The great thing about informatics and why we also have been focused on informatics is we believe they leverage across all 3 markets. So again, we're looking for targets in all of those areas. But like I said, probably diagnostics in certain aspects within environmental probably have a little higher priority for us.
Tycho W. Peterson: And you talked in our conference about trying to kind of monetize synergies between Environmental and Human Health. Can you just talk to what specifically that entails? Is that investments around software or -- just talk to what that means from your perspective.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think some of it is in software. But it's broader areas. There's areas like certain technologies. I think I mentioned the -- specifically, optics. So if you look at whether it's diagnostics, research or environmental, we do a number of things that require -- obviously when you're into detection and imaging, optics is a big component of that. If you look at algorithms, right, again because it's -- when you're taking readings off of instruments and converting that into data and information, there's algorithms. There's service benefits across the portfolio. So I think there's a number of technologies that leverage across. Obviously, there's software that leverages across and then things like brand and financial capability and sort of organizations. So we like being about Human and Environmental Health. It gives us access to customers and information that we can leverage across the businesses.
Tycho W. Peterson: And just lastly on China, you talked about things getting better on the analytical instruments side. Can you just quantify what your expectations are in '15, and your confidence in kind of the stabilization and recovery there?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, so if you look at China for us in 2014, it was in the high-single digits, because I think I talked about before, there was fairly big disparity between Human Health and Environmental Health. I would say for 2015, we would say similar top line growth for the company. So again, sort of high-single digit growth. Our expectation though is it would be sort of closer linkage between Environmental and Human Health. So similar growth to what we saw in 2014 but hopefully a little closer linkage between Human and Environmental Health.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Paul Knight with Janney Capital Markets.
Bryan Kipp: This is actually Bryan Kipp on behalf of Paul. I just want to dig in a little bit more on the environmental and industrial side. Did you see any budget flush in that in context to the strength you saw there? I know with the FX volatility and just year-end strength there, it just seems a little surprising. I know you also said there were strong bookings at the end of 3Q. So did most of those convert? And did account for, I guess...
Robert F. Friel: We don't believe that a significant contributor was budget flush, quite frankly. I mean if you look at within the specific growth of 7%, again, we saw higher growth on the service side. So service was stronger than the product. The product was still growing nicely, but we saw it higher on the service part. But we don't believe so [ph]. And again, as I sort of alluded to before, it was pretty broad-based across the geographies. I mean, I think some of that is attributable to better execution, quite frankly, within the businesses and maybe some improved market conditions, particularly in China.
Bryan Kipp: Okay. And is there any color on how it's paced so far this quarter? I guess, bookings I mean, for -- end of 4Q, early 1Q?
Robert F. Friel: Our view right now is market conditions for the early part of '15 has been very similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter.
Bryan Kipp: All right. Last one quick for me. Last quarter, last call, you said $400 million in indirect spend that you've kind of highlighted and potentially pull out a little bit of leverage here and there. I think you said you'd like to pull out $10 million there. Are you seeing additional opportunities that you could pull from on that indirect spend that could support '15 and above and beyond where you were prior?
Frank A. Wilson: We absolutely do. It's about $420 million in total. And we've put a lot of effort around the tools and the education across the organization. In fact, we hired a dedicated procurement person dealing strictly with indirect spend. So our hope internally is to derive an even higher savings off of that total. And I think we may decide to spin some of that back or flow it through but I think that gives us a little bit of hedge on further currency deterioration. So I -- we feel very good about that particular initiative at this point.
Bryan Kipp: Will you give harder numbers down the road?
Frank A. Wilson: I think as we progress through the year, we'll provide some additional color on how we're doing.
Operator: Question comes from the line of Bill Quirk of Piper Jaffray.
Alexander D. Nowak: This is actually Alex Nowak filling in for Bill. Can you describe the progress you're making in China with the increasing the newborn screening menu? I know you previously mentioned moving from 2 to 4 tests. I guess based on my question is how far along are you in this adoption going to 4 tests? And should we expect this to go to 5 or 6 tests in the future?
Robert F. Friel: First of all, we saw a very nice growth in China in newborn in the fourth quarter and, in fact, for the entire year. But I would describe the growth in China as more testing more children than expanding the menu. And I think right now, at least with our discussions with the government officials there, I think there's a higher priority around getting all the children screened at least the 2 to 4 before you'll see a big push on expanding. Some of that may happen in parallel. But if you look at our growth in 2014, it was probably more screening more children than it is absolute menu expansion. As we get into '15 and '16, I think then you'll hopefully see some more menu expansion where, as we mentioned, we go to 4 or 5, getting maybe even some mass spec screening. But clearly, what we saw in '14 was less menu expansion and more -- screening more children.
Alexander D. Nowak: Okay, excellent. And then staying on China real quick. How is the NAQ [ph] conversion going for blood screening? Is it basically a national rollout at this point? Or is it still province-by-province?
Robert F. Friel: It's still province-by-province and it's starting to roll out but as, I think, we suggested earlier, it's sort of slower ramp than anticipated. So I think we talked a lot about probably seeing the uptick more in the back half of '15 as compared to early '15.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby: Actually, I have one on 4Q and then one on 2015. First on 4Q, the $5 million of additional revenue, is there any way to quantify what that translated into earnings for the quarter? Then I'm also curious just with the margins here in the fourth quarter, both gross and operating margins were better than I was looking for. So I was wondering what drove the -- I mean, when I look at it, 12% quarter-over-quarter increase in revenue, but only a 3% quarter-over-quarter increase in SG&A. So maybe I don't know if they're related at all or not. And then I'll follow up with my question 2015.
Frank A. Wilson: Well, as far as the overall EPS impact of the $5 million, it's probably a couple pennies.
Robert F. Friel: And I mean, it speaks a little bit to the leverage we get on volume growth. I mean, one of the things that you look at -- as PerkinElmer starts to do $600 million of revenue or north of that, we can produce a lot of incremental profitability. So in the quarter, we're 21.5% operating margin. Then it speaks to the leverage we get, particularly off of SG&A, but also some of the other fixed costs. So I mean, obviously that's going back to my prior comments around trying to get the growth cranked up. I mean, if we could get to the point where we're generating revenue significantly above the breakeven, we start to see very high flow-through of the profitability because clearly the SG&A and a lot of our costs do not scale with the revenue.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And then just on 2015. I may be off on this but I believe in 2015, you're going to have 53 selling weeks versus 52 in past years. And so I'm just wondering, I guess, a couple of things. One, if that's correct. Two, if you could quantify the impact from that. And then three, what quarter those extra days will hit in 2015?
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, that is correct, every 6 or 7 years, we have an extra week. That's to some extent why you saw, in 2014, we closed on the 28th and not the 31st. So this year, we'll have an extra week. I believe, Andy, it's in the third quarter?
Frank A. Wilson: Yes.
Robert F. Friel: And I think we factored that into our guidance. We don't think it's going to be a significant impact on the top line because, fundamentally, what you're doing is you're picking up a couple of days at the end of '14 and a couple of days at the early part of '16. So that the week we get is really the 29th, 30th and 31st of December in '14, and the 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th of January. Our sense is maybe that's $15 million to $20 million of revenue. And some associated profit flows through from that. So -- and again, we sort of factored that in the 3% to 5% growth guidance.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with Leerink.
Daniel L. Leonard: You talked a couple of times about achieving, for all intents and purposes, your 18% operating margin target in 2014. Previously, you had offered another target of greater than 20% in 2017. Is that still the plan or are you stepping back from that plan?
Robert F. Friel: I would say it's our goal. I think what makes that more challenging is where the dollar is right now. So -- and particularly if it's going to continue to strengthen. So while we still have the goal out there internally and we're trying to get to 20% by 2017, I think of the euro at $1.12, and like I said, and if it continues to sort of march towards parity, I think 20% operating margins, I don't think they become impossible but it gets a lot more challenging.
Frank A. Wilson: But Dan, I think the activities that we had laid out and have in place through '17 will continue, and I think we'll continue to make good progress on that. We can't control FX, but I think you'll continue to see us expand margins. And if FX does head the other way, it does make it a little bit easier.
Daniel L. Leonard: Okay. And then my follow-up question on Human Health. I'm trying to reconcile some of the positive new product commentary in that category with a result that was a little bit lower than we were looking for, it had a low single-digit number. So what were the offsets and what assumptions do we need to make to assume that, that segment accelerates to a mid-single digit growth range after a couple of years of low-single digit?
Robert F. Friel: So if we're talking specifically about Human Health, the offset was medical imaging, as we mentioned, was sort of down mid-single digits. So that's why you're seeing Human Health pulled down a little bit from sort of the 5 to 6 it's been historically down to 3. If you're talking more specifically around research and what needs to happen there, I think a couple of things is as we continue to get new products out in those areas that we're focused like microfluidics and imaging, and -- what will move is radiochemicals becomes a smaller percentage of the whole. So obviously, we've -- that's a drag. But I think the other thing is we've talked about informatics, which is in the research area, had a very strong 2013. In the back half of 2014, it wasn't as strong because of difficult comps but also because we're investing a lot in a new offering around the cloud. And so we're optimistic that for '15, you'll see informatics return to sort of a high-single, low-digit -- double-digit growth. So it's a combination of getting new products out. Second thing is getting informatics growing again at sort of a double-digit rate and sort of averaging radiochemicals down to a smaller percentage of the business.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro: I just wanted to start off with the margins. I think in the beginning, you or Andy talked about the long-term goals that you set, you hit 18%. And obviously, it's been a pretty successful run here. And as we look to the long term from here forward, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about where you think margins can go and realize you probably wouldn't want to give specific guidance, but just trying to get a sense of what you think the opportunities are and how much you have to work with?
Robert F. Friel: Well, going back to the comment earlier, we had set a goal of 20% by the end of '17, and we felt fairly confident we could get there based on both the success that we've had previously and the opportunities we see going forward. But as I mentioned before, that's still a goal of ours. It's just a little bit more difficult given the headwinds associated with foreign exchange. So we haven't come out with a new goal relative to 20% because we're waiting to see whether the strength of the dollar is a short term, long term and where it goes. But I would say for now, the 20% is the goal that we've got out there.
Frank A. Wilson: And I think as I said before, I think our plans have not changed. The only thing that's really changed is FX. And if you look at reinvestment, we're actually covering probably 8% to 10% increases in R&D for this year, for 2015. So I think all the dynamics and the framework will continue to be executed against. And again, it's really going to depend on where the FX rate's at over the next 3 or 4 years.
Robert F. Friel: But as a general rule, the idea of 75 basis points a year, plus maybe some benefit from acquisitions or capital deployment, et cetera, I think still holds.
Isaac Ro: Got it. That's very helpful. It all makes sense. Second one was on newborn screening. I was curious just the underlying growth trend that you saw domestically versus a broad, how did that do? I'm assuming that U.S. improved a little bit sequentially but wondering if that in fact was the case. And then as you look at 2015, are you assuming that continues to trend better?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So your assumption is correct. U.S. improved incrementally, as did the outside the U.S. So we saw growth across both. As you could imagine, in the U.S., it was sort of more menu expansion, whereas outside, it was more -- we continue to get good penetration. I think the other opportunity as we look out, as you probably saw, we just got FDA approval for our SCID assay. And we're very excited about that, and we've actually started some pilot programs actually outside the U.S. So for example, France is doing a pilot program. So we think there is continued opportunity, even within the developed world, to expand the menu. So we continue to be quite bullish on the newborn screening growth prospects.
Isaac Ro: If I could just sneak one in real quickly. Do you think the U.S. volume environment for newborn could tick up this year as well, just putting aside the nice menu additions as well?
Robert F. Friel: Our statistics, as I think Andy mentioned, would indicate the birthrates are up about 2% on a trailing 12 months. So obviously, that helps from a volume perspective.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Miroslava Minkova of Stifel.
Miroslava Minkova: Let me just start with a question on the revenue and earnings cadence in '15. Just looking at your first quarter outlook here, and it seems to suggest a somewhat slower start. I know there was the $5 million that got pushed forward into fourth quarter. But there have been some comments from your competitors as well that budgets stand to be spent a little bit later in the year, perhaps more recently. How do you think about sort of the revenue and the earnings build as you go through the year?
Frank A. Wilson: Yes, we talked earlier. We do feel like there's going to be a bit more of a shift to the latter half for both the top and bottom line from a cadence perspective. I think in the first quarter, in particular, we do have what I described as the $5 million in the fourth quarter. But in addition, we have some investments that we're making, which is also impacting our earnings per share around the China lab and around some investments in informatics. So I think we're going to see some essentially flat margins in the first quarter. But I think that's because of investments and the impact of FX. I think for the full year, I think we still see revenue improving more in the second than the first half. And we think operating margins are going to be, after FX, in kind of that 30 to 50 basis point range.
Robert F. Friel: I would say the other thing -- and I mentioned in fact that we are expecting to introduce some new products at PITTCON, which is the analytical instruments show in early March. And so we're looking to get some nice tailwinds from that, particularly in the back half of the year. And so that's also skewing some of the growth and profitability in the back half.
Miroslava Minkova: Okay, great. And perhaps if I could go back to the Human Health business, and the medical imaging in particular. Do you expect this to rebound in 2015? And why was the margin so strong on the Human Health side?
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, the answer is yes. We do expect medical imaging to be sort of mid-single digits in 2015. I think, Andy, in his prepared remarks, mentioned a little bit of some customer ordering patterns that created some difficulty, particularly in Q4. I think the answer to your question about why the margins were sort of high is, first of all, we had some favorable mix during the fourth quarter, as I sort of alluded to. Newborn screening was very strong, and that's probably one of our highest profitable business. I think the other thing, going to the overall point that I made before, is when volume increases, we create a lot of profitability on an incremental basis. And so that's particularly true in Human Health, where you've got high reagent flow, which, of course, has very high gross margins associated with it.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rafael Tejada: It's Rafael in for Derik. I just wanted to go back to the margins for 2015. Can you just actually provide what the margins would look like on a constant currency basis? What the margin expansion would be at the gross and operating margin level?
Frank A. Wilson: Probably closer to around 30 basis points at the gross margin level and probably 50 to 70 at the operating line.
Rafael Tejada: Okay, helpful. And just wanted to go back on the -- to the research markets. Can you remind us again what the -- where we are now in terms of what radiochemicals represents as a percentage of total sales? And how in vivo imaging, how that business is trending?
Robert F. Friel: So the radio chemical business for us, it's -- I call it $90 million of revenue, just to give you a sense of the size of that business. The in vivo imaging business, I would say for the fourth quarter was slow relative -- and I think, to a large extent, that was associated by -- as I mentioned before some of the austerity we're seeing around academic spending. We do believe or we expect in 2015, we'll see that business be up again in the sort of mid- to high-single digits.
Rafael Tejada: Okay. And just one last one on OneSource. Can you just speak to the competitive landscape here in terms of lead generation and also just the pricing dynamics that you're seeing in the space?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I mean, I think the multi-vendor service area has been one that's been fairly competitive for a period of time, right? There's a number of strong competitors out there. I think we've got a little bit of a first-mover advantage. And the other thing I think that helps us is that our informatics capabilities, which we've been leveraging, the Ceiba acquisition was -- helped bolster that as well. So I think the combination of being incumbents in a lot of areas, having the strong software capability and being quite successful at it continues to us take our fair share, but it is a very competitive environment.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Bryan Brokmeier, Maxim Group.
Bryan Brokmeier: First question on M&A. You said that you like M&A opportunities in diagnostics. Obviously, you're strong in newborn and prenatal screening and strong growing in infectious disease. Would you step outside of those core competencies or are those the areas where we should expect you to be the most focused on in potential M&A opportunities?
Robert F. Friel: My sense is that you expect us to be most focused on, I mean, maybe potential adjacencies for those areas, but unlikely that you're going to see us make a significant move outside. Clearly, an area of molecular diagnostics might be one, where you think about the opportunity to take that into the -- our current markets that we serve. But a few things that we're going to look for are stuff that are adjacent to what we do, that we can -- are consistent with the channels that we have or the technologies we can deploy into our existing customer base.
Bryan Brokmeier: And then do you know what the screening rate in China is up to today? And I've seen an estimate for Chinese births to decline as much as 30% in 2015. Even with further expansion of screening, can that business still grow in 2015 with such a severe birthrate headwind?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, so the current screening in China is in the 65% to 70% range. I think what you're referring to is 2015 is the Year of the Goat. And so apparently, Chinese do not want to have children in the Year of the Goat because there's negative implications to that. And we've actually seen some of that impact in our prenatal business because that's a very good precursor to newborn rates. 30% sounds like a pretty high number to me. And of course, what's offsetting that to some extent is the release -- or the loosening of the one-child policy. And so the answer to your question is we do believe we can continue to grow the newborn business in 2015 despite it being the Year of the Goat.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jeff Elliott with Robert W. Baird.
Elena Popova: This is Ellie Popova filling in for Jeff. Can you walk us through some of the main components of your revenue growth assumptions? I know you already mentioned new product, but are you able to share your expectations around volume and pricing? And particularly pricing in light of some of the large FX moves we've seen.
Robert F. Friel: I would say generally speaking, pricing for us has not had a material impact one way or another if you look historically, and consequently we haven't factored into it having a large impact in 2015. I think if you look at all of last year, pricing was in sort of 50-basis-point help. So I would say for 2015, our assumptions are that similar level, maybe 50 basis points of increase in price. So that the majority of the volume is going to -- majority of the growth is going to come from volume. To give you a sense by business, I think it's fairly well distributed. I think as we think about '15 right now, it's probably Environmental and Human Health, similar growth trajectories, I would say, in the 3% to 5% range. When you look within Human Health, diagnostics will probably be a little at the higher end. So maybe that's in the sort of 7% range. And clearly, research will be sort of at the lower end of that, maybe in the 3% range.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard: Andy, just on -- in terms of the outlook for next year, could you give us some metrics around what you're looking for in terms of operating cash flow and CapEx? And how you're thinking about the free cash flow conversion that's likely for the year?
Frank A. Wilson: Yes. Sure. I think we'll be in the mid- to high-90s on free cash flow conversion. I think our operating cash flow should be around $315 million to $325 million, so we'll have a 3 handle for the first time on our operating cash flows. I think free cash flow, yes, it will probably be high 200s to $285 million to close to $300 million, in that range. I think we're going to see some continued improvement on the working capital side. We've made some investments, utilizing our SAP system on the collection side. We think we can get some working capital taken out with that. And we also have some efforts around inventory. So we feel pretty good about the working capital piece, and I think with the additional income we'll see our way to getting to those numbers.
S. Brandon Couillard: And just on the research business in the fourth quarter, could you give us a feel for the geographic performance? Or if there was any -- I suppose it's mostly pharma, but any customer-based color to share on the fourth quarter?
Robert F. Friel: I would say if you look at the pharma sort of academics split, pharma was sort of mid-single digits, academic was sort of low single. I alluded to the fact that the imaging business, the in vivo imaging was impacted by the funding environment. And of course, when I talk about research here, I'm not including the OneSource, which was -- had a very strong fourth quarter. I think what drove pharma to some extent was the new products, particularly around the Opera Phenix and the MOD [ph]. We came out with a new product called the EnSight, which combines both detection capability and imaging. Geographically, I'd say the strongest region was Europe. Europe was up mid-single digits. It was nice recovery there so we were pleased with the performance there. Americas was up low-single digits and APAC was actually down a little bit, even though China grew. China grew mid- to high-single digits. It was really some difficult comps we had outside of China that put pressure on that region. But again, it was low single in the Americas, mid-single-digit growth in Europe and APAC was down just slightly.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Reggie Miller with CitiBank.
Reginald Miller: Most have been answered so far but I guess kind of thinking big picture, Rob. You mentioned that you're playing a leadership position in more or less 75% of the businesses that you operate in today. How often, I guess, do you look at the other 25% and say, hey, maybe kind of evaluate those and potentially, I guess, see if they are subscale or maybe look into divesting them?
Robert F. Friel: I mean, we're looking at our businesses all the time. And at least on an annual basis, we're sitting down with the Board of Directors and going through a fairly thorough strategic review of the portfolio and the businesses. And so one of the questions we continue to ask ourselves are, are we the most appropriate owner of the franchise of the business? So it's something we go through, like I said, a fair amount of detail on at least an annual basis, but it's something we're always challenging ourselves and questioning the businesses and making sure that we can continue to create value owning those businesses.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Eric Criscuolo with Mizuho.
Eric Criscuolo: Just filling in for Peter tonight. I guess if you could maybe talk about -- or talk a little more about the Perten acquisition and the kind of growth rates it had when you acquired it and where you think it could go under your leadership and maybe the margin profile as well?
Robert F. Friel: So as I sort of mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're very excited about the Perten Instruments acquisition. We think it brings us some terrific capabilities in and around, broadly defined, food but more specifically, in grain and feed. And we think the combination of their technical capabilities, their product portfolio and maybe, most importantly, their access and customer reputation, combined with some of the things that we have the capability to do, will allow us to accelerate the growth in and around that business. So -- and early indications are -- continue to be reinforce what we saw when we did the diligence. With regard to specific numbers, they are growing around 7%, 8%, which we would expect to continue and maybe even improve a little bit. And it was a business that had 20% operating margin. So profitable business, good growth, great reputation in the marketplace, and we look to leverage that and continue to expand in, obviously, the important area of food safety.
Eric Criscuolo: I guess Andy on the FX issue, is there anything that you can do, I guess, to maybe be a little more proactive in taking that hit a little or making the hit a little less as far as shipping costs or anything like that? Or is it something that you basically just have to kind of weather through for a little while?
Frank A. Wilson: I think for the majority of the FX impact, we have to weather through it. I think what we're trying to do is accelerate some of the actions around -- some of the cost initiatives around direct spend and so forth to try to pull as much of that in as we can to try to somewhat offset it. But it's a fairly significant number, as we've communicated. And we're not going to hedge the P&L. It's a lot of risk and you're wrong more than half the time. So I think we'll just try to power through it. It's -- unfortunately, there's not any magic dust to help us here.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions in queue. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Rob Friel.
Robert F. Friel: Great. Well, first of all, thank you for your questions. And so in closing, I'd like to reiterate that I feel very good about our progress last year, and I remain excited about building upon our accomplishments to take advantage of the significant opportunities ahead to both create value for our shareholders and make a positive impact on Human and Environmental Health around the world. Thank you for joining us for the call and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2014 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sarah, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Tom Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Tommy Thomas: Thank you, Sarah. Good afternoon, and welcome to the PerkinElmer's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note, that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until November 13, 2014. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the safe harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we'll provide reconciliations promptly. I'm pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that we had a strong quarter. We grew organic revenue by 4%, expanded adjusted operating margins by 110 basis points, achieved good operating cash flow, increased adjusted earnings per share by 14% to $0.57, coming in at the high end of our guidance. As Andy will discuss the Q3 financial results in greater detail, I would like to mention a few highlights from the quarter and comment on trends currently impacting our end markets. In the quarter, we continue to grow market share and further strengthen our already solid positions in core areas of the business such as diagnostics and service. Our strategy to further increase our adjustable markets in these areas continues to be through geographic expansion and broadening our capabilities to meet growing demand. In diagnostics, we grew low double digits as we continue to benefit from improving birthrates and increasing purchasing power of the middle class outside the U.S., which is creating a nice tailwind for our newborn and prenatal screening and infectious disease testing solutions. During the third quarter, these 3 product lines actually generated more revenue outside the U.S. than within, whereas, several years ago, over 60% of the revenues were U.S.-centric. We expect this trend to continue as we have recently secured a number of new international customers and are driving expansion of our diagnostics business deeper into new markets. In our service business, which grew high single digits in the third quarter, we are experiencing strong growth as our customers continue to seek innovative partners like PerkinElmer to help improve productivity and outsource their lab services. Our OneSource solutions are playing a vital role in meeting this demand. Our recently announced acquisition of Ceiba Solutions will help expand our deep software and services solution with lab IT capabilities focused on lab computing, applications management and scientific development. Similar to our diagnostics business, service grew faster outside the U.S. with high-teens growth in the Asia-Pacific region. On innovation front, our recently launched new products have been gaining interest among customers, and we are on track to meet our goal of $15 million to $20 million in the second half new product revenue. Specific application areas where we are gaining traction include the food, forensics and environmental markets with our new mass spec, the Biotherapeutics drug discovery area with our new microfluidics and MultiMode Plate Reader products and the preclinical cellular analysis space with our new High Content Imaging offerings. In the research and environmental markets, new innovations are critical to driving growth, as these end markets are currently experiencing modest overall growth rates as certain geographies face more challenging macroeconomic headwinds. In particular, Europe experienced low single-digit growth, consistent with recent declines in broader European economic indicators. And in China, while we grew high single digits, we continue to encounter headwinds in the environmental business due to delays in converting tenders to orders. Despite these delays, we remain bullish on our long-term outlook as the demand for our solutions in analyzing and monitoring environmental conditions in this market continues to grow. The U.S. remains an area of increasing strength as we grew mid-single-digits in the quarter and experienced accelerating order patterns as we exited the quarter. So overall, our performance within the major geographies was consistent with our expectations, except for Asia-Pacific, where China which fell slightly below our expectations of low double-digit growth. In addition to our revenue growth, we are also quite pleased with our operational execution in the quarter. Despite the impact of foreign exchange, our incremental revenue to adjusted operating income came close to 50%, reflecting good leverage of our operating expenses and improving mix. Furthermore, our operating cash flow was roughly equal to our adjusted net income, demonstrating our effective operational execution. So in summary, we feel very good about our results for the quarter and our progress through the first 3 quarters of the year. On the top line, despite less favorable-than-expected macroeconomic conditions, reporting revenue increased about $60 million or 4% organically, representing a 300-basis-point improvement over our 9-month growth rate this time last year. Additionally, adjusted operating income increased $32 million to $264 million, translating into 150-basis-point improvement in adjusted operating margins and resulting in a 19% increase in adjusted EPS, despite this year's significant foreign exchange headwinds. And free cash flow, to-date, is significantly higher than this time last year, reflecting a greater-than-90% conversion of free cash flow to adjusted net income. However, arguably more important than our financial success has been the progress we've made in improving our growth profile to introducing more new products and strengthening our organizational capabilities in key growth markets. This progress positions us extremely well to take advantage of the attractive opportunities we see through advanced smart solutions, enabling better screen for adulterants in food and contaminants in water and air, earlier and a more accurate disease detection and more efficient drug discovery. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy, who will cover our Q3 financial performance and guidance for Q4, and then we'll open the call for your questions. Andy?
Frank A. Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. As we've done in previous quarters, I'll provide some color on our end markets, a financial summary of our third quarter results. I'll provide some details about our fourth quarter guidance and we'll open up the call, as Rob mentioned, for questions. Reported adjusted and organic revenue each increased 4% for the third quarter of 2014. Adjusted revenue was $543 million as compared to $523 million in the third quarter of 2013. I want to note the foreign currency exchange rates had a negative impact of approximately $3 million versus our third quarter adjusted revenue guidance provided in late July. By segment, organic revenue in both our Human Health and Environmental Health businesses grew 4%. Looking at our geographic results. All the regions performed better on a sequential basis as organic revenue increased high single digits in Asia, mid-single-digits in the Americas and were up low single digits in Europe. Across China, organic revenue increased high single digits, driven by strong demand in our diagnostics business and renewed strength in our research business. While we believe that much of the government activity impacting our Environmental business over the last couple of quarters is winding down, funding continues to be delayed. Despite these challenges, as Rob mentioned, we continue to believe that our product portfolio is well positioned and we expect to see a high single to low double-digit organic revenue growth in China for the year. From an end-market perspective, our Human Health business represented approximately 56% of reported revenue in the quarter, with diagnostics representing 29% and research representing 27% of reported revenue. Organic revenue from our diagnostics business increased low double digits during the third quarter and, as Rob mentioned, strength in our newborn and prenatal screening and infectious disease testing solutions was driven by healthy demand throughout emerging markets bolstered by key wins in Thailand, Brazil and Mexico during the quarter. Once again, we saw a solid performance from our SYM-BIO business, as infectious disease testing in China grew double digits organically. Our Haoyuan business had another solid quarter, capturing a number of new tenders in the Chinese blood-screening market. We are now beginning to see earlier wins translate into revenue as some provinces have begun to roll out screening ahead of the mandated 2015 start date. Medical Imaging organic revenue growth was up double digits in the period, driven by growth in our new wireless cassette detector using diagnostic imaging and veterinary applications, and an easier comparison. We expect to see somewhat more moderate growth in the fourth quarter as a result of OEM buying patterns as well as softer European demand. Our research business declined low single digits in the third quarter. Low single-digit growth in pharma and biotech was offset by continued softness in academic end markets which declined low single digits. A bright spot within the research business was the performance of our microfluidics franchise, up double digits in the quarter. As we look to the fourth quarter, we expect to see a sequential improvement in our research business driven by our new product introductions, focused on High Content Screening and microfluidics. Moving to our Environmental Health business which represented 44% of reported revenue in the third quarter. We serve 3 end markets, laboratory services which represented 21% of reported revenue; environmental and safety which represented 15% of reported revenue; and industrial which represented 8% of reported revenue. As I've mentioned earlier, organic revenue in our Environmental Health business grew 4% in the quarter, driven by continued strength within our service offerings which increased high single digits. In our industrial, environmental and safety end markets, organic revenue was up low single digits in the quarter, as funding delays in China were the primary drivers impacting our instrument revenues. While the volume of tenders being released is modestly improving, we expect to see instrument revenue growth in the fourth quarter, similar to what we saw in the third quarter. As Rob mentioned, we recently acquired Ceiba Solutions, a leader in Lab IT. The acquired capabilities from Ceiba will help expand our multivendor software and services offering with enhanced information technology focused on lab computing, applications management and scientific applications development. Ceiba will have a de minimis impact on our financial results in 2014. Turning to our margin performance in the quarter. Adjusted gross margin in the third quarter of 2014 was 47.3%. As our new product introductions continue to gain traction, we expect to see sequential improvement in the fourth quarter, offset by the negative impact from foreign currency and certain revenue mix. Adjusted operating margin in the third quarter expanded 110 basis points to 16.8% as compared to 15.7% for the same period a year ago. We continue to experience strong leverage from SG&A and R&D productivity initiatives. As we noted in our second quarter call, our R&D spend is still expected to ramp in the fourth quarter, as we continue to efficiently add resources and investments in our center of excellence -- our Center for Innovation at Hopkinton. By segment, adjusted operating margins in our Human Health business increased approximately 50 basis points to 23.2% as compared to 22.7% in the third quarter of 2013. The increase was primarily a result of productivity actions and volume leverage. In our Environmental Health business, adjusted operating margins expanded approximately 140 basis points to 12% as compared to 10.6% in the third quarter of last year. The increase was primarily the result of sales mix and ongoing productivity initiatives. On a non-GAAP basis, our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was approximately 20%, and our full year guidance is expected to remain at approximately 21%. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.57 was at the high end of our guidance range, despite being negatively impacted by just over a $0.01 from foreign currency. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the third quarter with approximately $860 million of debt and approximately $204 million of cash. We exited the quarter with a debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA ratio of 2.0x and a net debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA ratio of 1.6x. We are pleased with our cash flow performance year-to-date, as our operating cash flow from continuing operations was $63 million in the third quarter and $186 million for the full 9 months -- first 9 months of 2014. I'd like to note that the board has approved a new 2-year, 8-million share repurchase program to replace the existing program which expired last week. Looking back on our results through the first 9 months of 2014, we are encouraged by the resiliency of our organic revenue growth, particularly in light of a somewhat softer global economic backdrop. Productivity initiatives and volume leverage remained key contributors to our year-to-date adjusted operating margin expansion for approximately 150 basis points and working capital improvement that helped contribute to a strong year-over-year cash flow performance. Turning to the fourth quarter. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact adjusted revenue by approximately $13 million and adjusted earnings per share by approximately $0.03. As a result, we expect reported revenue to be in the range of $595 million to $605 million, driven by improved demand in the U.S. and a slightly weaker Europe, a result of a difficult prior year comparison. Our outlook for APAC is consistent with our performance in the third quarter as strength in our Human Health business is offset by soft environmental safety demand which continues to be negatively impacted by longer government funding cycles. We remain confident in our ability to deliver 130 basis points of operating -- adjusted operating margin expansion for the year, and our guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of approximately 113.8 million shares. Taking all these items into account, adjusted earnings per share for the fourth quarter of this year is expected in the range of $0.77 to $0.79. For the full year, adjusted earnings per share guidance is expected to be $2.39 to $2.41 with the midpoint of $2.40, a result of a negative impact of approximately $0.04 of foreign currency headwinds in the second half. This concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, at this time, we would like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen and Company.
Chris Lin: This is Chris Lin on for Doug today. So despite revenues coming in, I think, a bit lighter than expected, you still delivered a solid operating margin expansion on a year-over-year basis. As I look at your OpEx, you were able to control R&D and SG&A expenses quite well. And overall, OpEx declined year-over-year, even though the prior year quarter, you decreased operating spending as you went through your restructuring. My question is, can you talk about how many more levers are there left for you to pull on operating expense side given that you've had 2 impressive areas of operating expense control?
Robert F. Friel: Sure. We have obviously done a lot over the last couple of years that is really driving that improvement. And I think as we look forward, we feel like -- we will continue to get the benefit of a smaller footprint, we'll continue to get the benefit of leveraging our facility, our back-office facility in Poland. And we also, on top of that, have other things we're looking at. We have mentioned before our supply chain opportunities in China are still ramping, and we feel like that's going to provide us with some upside over the next couple of years. In addition, we also have an issue around indirect spend. Our goal this year was to take $10 million of indirect spend costs out of the system. I think we're going to have equally, if not greater goals for next year, and so I think we can continue to see good leverage from that. I think I did mention on the R&D side, we are going to continue to build out the R&D facility. So some of that upside that we saw in the second, third quarter, will start to anticipate in the third quarter. But I think overall, we are much more efficient on the R&D front and we will continue to be very diligent on the G&A front.
Chris Lin: Okay. And maybe just one more question. So I think at today's spot rates, it will appear FX represents about a 2% headwind. Revenue for --at '15 revenue, is that about right? And I think you guys have a decent and natural hedge in most geographies with few exceptions. Does the revenue headwind via FX trickle down to EPS at slightly above the net margin?
Robert F. Friel: It is slightly higher flow-through, it is a slightly higher flow-through than we've seen in the past, primarily because most of the volatility has been with the euro where we do have a fairly significant cost base. So we are somewhat naturally hedged. I think if you look at the strengthening of dollars since -- if you look at the spot rate, the dollar strengthened about 6%, and a lot of that is in areas where we don't have a significant cost position such as Japan and some of the emerging economies. The flow-through on that top line headwind from FX is a little bit higher and that's why you're seeing the $0.03 on top of the $13 million of revenue headwind.
Chris Lin: Sorry, I think -- can you just comment on what the FX headwinds for -- on 2015 will be at today's rates?
Robert F. Friel: We will probably talk to you a little bit more about that when we talk about 2015 guidance, and things could change between now and then, so I'd probably defer that until that time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Knight from Janney Montgomery.
Paul Richard Knight: Rob, can you talk about the service business a little? And specifically the question I have is, some of your competitors are focusing on services more of an offering, is it because you've taken share? What are the dynamics going on with some of your peers trying to be a little more focused? And are you worried about it, is my first question.
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, I would say within our service business, as I mentioned, we continue to see good growth there. What we're focusing on is continuing to expand there, particularly in the emerging markets. What we saw in Q3 was strong growth, clearly across all the regions, but particularly strong in the Europe and emerging markets here. I think I mentioned high teens in the APAC area. So our approach is to continue to expand in the emerging markets. I would say with regard to why the competitors are focusing more on service, first of all, I think you guys talked to them about that. But I think what we're -- what we've always felt is the service engineer creates much more relevance with the customer. And as you become more relevant with the customer, hopefully that allows you to pull through additional products. From our perspective, what we're looking to do is to continue to build out our capabilities. And so the Ceiba Solutions acquisition which we've announced fairly recently is an example of where we're continuing to add, in that case, Lab IT. So hopefully differentiate our offering on the services side relative to just sort of repair and overhaul.
Paul Richard Knight: And you mentioned that China was, I think, showing better bookings. Could you talk about that you're not actually guiding the higher China growth though in Q4?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think that's correct. I mean, as I think about China, what we've seen there is diagnostics continue to do very well, really sort of unimpacted by any of the, say, overall slowdown. We saw in the research market in Q3 that come back. And so we actually saw good growth in research. The area that sort of lagged a little bit, and I think we talked about this last quarter, is particularly around the food safety area, that continue to be down. We did see decent growth on environmental. And so given that, that has not snapped back, particularly in Q3, we're being somewhat hopefully conservative and cautious into Q4. But Andy did mention, we are seeing a little bit of improvement on the orders and the tenders. But again, this continual delay in sort of funding has sort of led us to be more conservative in Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Quirk from Jefferies.
David C. Clair: It's actually Dave Clair from Piper Jaffray. So I was hoping to get a little bit more color on the global academic markets. It sounds like those were a little weak this quarter. Can you give us some more info there?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say, for us, the academic markets will decline, let's say, low single digits. But what I would point out a couple of things there is, this is where our Radiochemical business is. And of course, that continues to be a drag on the academic markets. And the second thing I would point out, I think we've talked about this in prior quarters, in our in vivo imaging business, in the third quarter, some of the royalty revenue or licensing revenue that we had received historically sort of has come off. And so when you look at our low single-digit decline in the quarter, it was really driven by those 2 things. The radiochemical business and the reduction in our licensing revenue in the in vivo business.
David C. Clair: Okay. And then I know you guys aren't giving 2015 guidance today. But how should we think about 2015 operating margin expansion?
Frank A. Wilson: Well, I think we have communicated fairly consistently, that we believe we can drive 60 to 80 basis points of margin expansion on mid-single-digit growth. And I think that calculus still holds. I think we're always looking for ways to accelerate that. In some cases, we may end up expanding margins faster. In some cases, we may spend it back, but I think, that's probably a pretty good proxy going forward.
David C. Clair: Okay. And then just one last one for me. And it sounds like you're making some good headway on the China and AT [ph] opportunity? Can you just give us a little bit more color on the number of tenders that you're winning? And it sounds like actually testing might be starting out on a regular basis in some areas a little bit faster than expected.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think we continue to feel good about the blood-screening market in China. We talked about the fact that we continue to do a nice job on winning tenders there. We're continuing to build out our production capacity in China. So I think we feel good about the opportunity that, that presents itself. And I think as I mentioned in the past, it's currently sort of single-digit millions for us from a revenue perspective, but we do -- we would expect, when you look out a couple of years, this is probably a $20-million or $30-million business for us in a couple of years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Muken from ISI Group.
Ross Muken: Maybe on the capital allocation side, obviously, you re-upped without the 8-million share buyback. Can you talk about how should we think about sort of pacing there and transpose that again sort of the more recent activity over the last few years which has been more tuck-in driven. You've obviously gone through a period here where you've probably been a little bit less active than maybe you wanted but valuations have also been up. And so help us put that puzzle kind of together.
Robert F. Friel: And so I would say, Ross, first of all, I think our preference is to do the tuck-ins as they obviously make good strategic sense and have good financial returns associated with them. As you mentioned, that's been a little challenging in this environment. I will tell you, more recently, the pipeline looks -- I would say, we're more optimistic with our pipeline. And so I think that was one of the reasons why in Q3, we weren't as active in the share buyback as maybe we could have been. But at the same time, we want to have the flexibility so that if we're not successful with the tuck-ins, we want to be sort of aggressive on the share buyback area, so that was really the basis behind -- or the background behind asking the board to sort of not only re-up the historical 6 million shares but actually increase it to 8 million. With regard to how we would specifically pace that out, I think that's going to be largely dependent on what kind of success we have with the bolt-ons or the tuck-ins.
Ross Muken: And I guess, as you look at your core debt [ph] activity in the last 6 to 12 months or year-to-date, and do you feel like you've wanted to be more active and you're -- you just seen assets trade away from you? And has that been more on the higher growth areas? I mean, maybe just give a little bit of color of what's transpired over the course of the year. Because it's been a fairly inactive year for you in general.
Robert F. Friel: I would say probably the single biggest reason for our lack of doing some of the deals is probably valuation, you're saying -- and of course, that would be largely around the higher-growth assets. So when we look at some things that we felt were particularly attractive from a strategic perspective, we were just challenged by coming up with the valuation numbers. And so I think, one of the things -- hopefully, we'll continue to be as disciplined in the returns that we look at from an acquisition perspective. I think we sort of tried to point out in the past that while we will be opportunistic and we will look for bolt-ons, we don't feel like there's anything that really we sort of have to do. And so I think we can be a little bit disciplined. But at the same time, we recognize that, particular to assets that's got good growth prospects that in this environment, people are paying up for it and to be competitive, we'll have to be aggressive. And so we've got to make sure that, that asset fits well with us strategically, that we can try to put synergies and that sort of 1 plus 1 is greater than 2.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Leonard from Leerink.
Daniel L. Leonard: So it looks like your gross margin's going to be down pretty sharply in the fourth quarter. How much of that is foreign currency versus other factors? And is there any -- are there any actions you can implement to help offset?
Frank A. Wilson: I think FX is clearly a piece of it. I would say, it's maybe not quite half. The rest of it is clearly ongoing mix with very strong service revenues, we think we'll continue into the fourth quarter, which is fairly consistent with kind of what we've seen historically. I think the one thing that could change that is the uptake in our new products. We are seeing very strong gross margins on the new products we've launched. So if we can see a pickup there, I think that will be a positive. And again, some of the things I talked about, for operating margin also affect gross margin, which is around our supply chain. I think going forward, we hope to start to see some pickup on procurement in Asia in the fourth quarter, but more so, in the second half, but we should see some benefit from that.
Robert F. Friel: I think the other thing I would mention is -- and we've talked about this in the past, as we continue to grow in emerging markets, the dynamic there from a P&L perspective is it usually puts a little pressure on gross margins but it's accretive from an operating margin perspective because our operating expenses in that region of the world has the tendency to be lower. And so again, this growth in emerging markets is also putting pressure on -- as I said, it's accretive to operating margins but it does have the impact of being dilutive to our gross margins.
Daniel L. Leonard: And I guess my follow-up. So I feel like your services business has been growing faster than the corporate average for years. But the negative impact on gross margin seems to have shown up more recently. Is that fair? And if it is, is there maybe -- to the extent that -- are people just needing more things repaired now than previously to the degree it's kind of an insurance business and folks are...
Robert F. Friel: I would say, first of all, as you point out, the service business has been going well. And as we've talked about in the past, the service business is, in most part, accretive to our operating margins. So that's actually been one of the contributors when you look at the significant operating margin expansion that we've had over the last couple of years. Depending on the type of service that's done and whether it includes our spare parts or not will also get to the point of whether it's accretive or dilutive in the gross margin area.
Operator: Our next question comes from Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro: On Europe, I want to spend a minute on that region. Now I'm just curious how you're paced throughout the third quarter just given what we're seeing in the macro picture here and curious what is baked into your expectations for the fourth quarter this year?
Robert F. Friel: Well, we actually saw Europe get a little bit better through the third quarter. But what we've built in is actually down a little bit in Europe relative to the growth we saw in the third quarter and that's fundamentally driven by comparisons or comps. If you look at our -- our fourth quarter in 2013, we had a very strong Europe and it was up high single digits. And so we're -- again, hopefully we're being conservative. But given the comp that we have in the fourth quarter, in our guidance, we're assuming Europe actually is down low single digits.
Isaac Ro: Got it. And then just on the newborn business, as we think about the overall trend globally on birth rates, at least in the U.S., it seems like things have gotten better throughout the year. And I'd be curious if you guys are expecting that to accelerate into the end of this year and into next year? Or if we're on a slow-but-steady kind of improvement?
Robert F. Friel: No, I would say the U.S. birth rates for us, while they're increasing, they're not increasing -- they're not improving at an increasing rate. So U.S. birth rates, the ones that we track are probably at 1%, 1.5% increase year-over-year. The growth that we're really seeing in the newborn area is really outside the U S. And some of that is birth rates, but quite frankly, more of that is adoption. So I think Andy mentioned a little bit of this in his prepared remarks, but what we saw in the third quarter were significant wins in Thailand, Brazil. We've recently signed a big contract in Mexico. China grew over 20% in newborn. So newborn is really expanding outside the U.S. Some growth in Europe, but again, it's largely in the emerging markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Miroslava Minkova from Stifel.
Miroslava Minkova: Let me just start with the new product. I'm curious -- if you could give us some color on how your new products are doing in the marketplace is particularly the AxION iQT. And you did mention in the script that you're comfortable with the $15 million to $20 million contribution. Did the new products help in the third quarter? And how -- where are you with the launches?
Robert F. Friel: So as I mentioned, we feel very good about the progress and with the new products. What -- we think we're tracking well for the $15 million, $20 million, if you look at Q3, we think the benefit was probably in the high single millions, probably call it, $8 million to $9 million is what the benefit was in Q3, so again tracking well for the sort of high teens for the back half of the year. If you look across -- I think we feel good at the traction on all of them. The Phoenix, the EnSight, the Touch and the AxION iQT, I think that continues to see good feedback from customers. So I think we feel pretty good about that.
Miroslava Minkova: Okay, great. And a follow-up. I was wondering if I could get you to reflect a little bit on the overall growth trend in your business towards that mid-single-digit growth trajectory targeted organic growth rate? You came close to that this quarter, but you're still sort of at the low end of it. What will it take for you to get more consistency towards the 5%-ish kind of growth rate? Is it all about China?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think that was probably a little bit of an issue relative to our guidance. But I think, for us, let's say in sort of through the cycle is we've got to get some growth out of Europe. I mean, I think it's going to be difficult to get to sort of 5% or 6% growth if Europe continues to be flat or low single digits. So I would say that's the biggest contributor from a geographic perspective. I think from an end-market perspective, we are seeing nice growth in diagnostics. We're seeing decent growth in the Pharma area. Academic is still a little slow, and I think that's probably attributable to the government funding side. And then again, in some of the emerging markets, some of the areas of industrial and environmental, if we saw a pickup there, I think that'd helpful. So as I would think about getting the sort of mid-single-digits.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tosha from Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Tosha: I wonder, Rob, if I could ask you to reflect for another minute on the comment that you made about the strength in the U.S. You made a comment specifically indicating that the U.S. picked up through the quarter, exited a little stronger. And was that a comment more on the end markets? Or was that a comment on Perkin? Was there any contribution from new product flow embedded in that comment about the U.S.?
Robert F. Friel: So the comment specifically was about PerkinElmer. So I was talking about our specific ordering pattern. We did see it increasing through the end of the quarter there, so we felt good about that. By the way, I do -- it does feel like the end markets seem to be improving as well. And if you look at some of the macro indicators, it does seem like the U.S. economy is sort of improving, maybe not as quickly as everybody would like. But our forecast for Q4 actually assumes the U.S. improves over Q3. And to some extent, going back to my prior comment where we're assuming Europe comes down a little bit, fundamentally because it had difficult comps. We're looking to sort of offset that or replace that with a little higher growth coming out of the U S.
Stephen Tosha: Got it, really helpful. And then I wonder if you could think about the path forward in China for growth. We're all focused on the potential for these budgetary constraints to be resolved. But I wonder, if we're in a scenario where the budgetary constraints are resolved, how we should think about growth? You could argue that there's a potential for China to return to something akin to its prior growth profile, but then in the next few quarters, we'll have easy comps. So if you just do a really simple arithmetic, you might argue that it could be a strong double-digit growth driver. Should we take the view that maybe the growth recovers or maybe it's healthy growth on top of easy comps?
Robert F. Friel: So I think when you look at our China business, you really got to break it into the 3 components. So first of all, our diagnostics business has consistently been growing, let's call it 20% maybe even a little better. I think for the foreseeable future, that continues. Because we're getting good penetration, as I mentioned before, on both the newborn and the prenatal. We're seeing infectious disease continue to grow nicely. Some of that's new products. And of course, we've got blood screening coming on we think more significantly in '15. If you look at research, we've started to see some good recovery there in Q3. We think that continues into Q4. So again I think that's going to be a more modest increase over the next couple of quarters and maybe will return to sort of double digit or midteen growth there. I think the area where your sort of comments are more germane is really around the environmental or more specifically for us, the food area where we have seen sort of declining revenue over the last couple of quarters as these tenders have sort of backed up. And there's a possibility it could snapback very quickly. My sense is when it does open up, it will sort of open up the funnel and it will be more measured. Now you will have easier comps in that area, but I don't think there's going to be a huge snapback in growth and you won't see it pop up in 1 or 2 quarters. I think that will be more measured over a longer period of time.
Operator: Next question comes from Dan Arias from Citigroup.
Daniel Anthony Arias: Rob, on blood screening in China, as we move towards 2015 here, how are you thinking about the pacing of revenues there as the mandate becomes effective? Do you see that being pretty metered? Or are you expecting a bolus, one way or another, as everyone sort of...
Robert F. Friel: I think it's probably -- our sense is it's probably more in the back half as this thing sort of gets ramped up. I think as you know it's supposed to start 1/1, but we think there will be a probably a little bit of delay, and not all the provinces will probably start that the same time. So we think, by the time we get to Q3, we'll probably been where we probably need to be. So at least our -- as we're thinking about it now, that sort of paces out somewhat in the first and second quarter. But by the time we get to the back half, you probably got everybody sort of complying with the requirements.
Daniel Anthony Arias: Okay, that's great. And then if I could just go back to China once more. Last quarter, you kind of quantified the scope of the tender delays by saying that I think 35% of the Environmental Health business was affected by that dynamic. So I guess based on the way that you just talked about the different end markets, where would you sort of put that number at this point?
Robert F. Friel: So I think that's probably still a pretty good number. I mean, if you look at the environmental business right now, again it's really focused for us in really the food area what we would call safety and security. And that's probably in the 35% to 40% of our business in China. That's when it's been slow. Actually, environmental grew fairly significantly in the quarter. And industrial sort of flattish. So I would say it's probably 35% to 40% of our Environmental business, which right now is about half of China, so just to give you a calibration there.
Operator: Next question comes from Jeff Elliott from Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey T. Elliott: My question for you, Andy, on the indirect spend side, you mentioned the savings there, $10 million you targeted this year. Can you talk about the areas you're targeting? And how much flexibility do you have to perhaps step that up next year?
Frank A. Wilson: Well, I think we have a lot of opportunities to step it up. I mean, I think really, what we were trying to get across this year is really exposing the entire workforce to the initiative. We've put tools in place. We have all kinds of opportunities that we're going after at a facility level. But I think if you look at our overall indirect spend, it's well north of $400 million. So if you just look at our percentage improvement year-over-year, it doesn't take much to get to $10-plus million. I think it's interesting as we end up rolling out initiatives across PerkinElmer, we tend to have a great uptake. And I think there's been a lot of work around this and I think as we start to put together our plans for next year, I think you'll see something, hopefully, well north of that $10 million target for next year.
Jeffrey T. Elliott: Got it. And just to clarify, how much of that is volume dependent? Is that all independent of what the top line looks like next year?
Frank A. Wilson: Some of it does have a volume dependency. But I would say, a large slot of it is not volume dependent. And it depends on how you want to classify it, I mean, travel is a very significant expense, it's somewhat volume related but office supplies and so forth tends to be less so.
Operator: Next question comes from Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson: I won't ask about China. On neonatal, I'm wondering if you can just talk on that. You talked about -- or actually prenatal, I'm sorry. Your 20 months into this Verinata collaboration. Maybe just talk about how that's trended relative to expectations. And then, are you getting any traction from the Good Start collaboration as well?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say prenatal for us grew, I think, was sort of high single digits in the quarter. A lot of that was outside the U S. Let's say, as we've talked about in the past, specifically in the U.S. so the Verinata arrangement, it's really -- gets down to how quickly the cash payments sort of flow from the payers. We are, I would say, over the last 90 days, we have seen good progress there, so we're at a point now where I think the cash collections are getting much more, I would say, reasonable. I would say the other thing in the quarter, we reached agreement with Alumina on a couple of issues and we've now extended our contract for another 2 years. So we feel good about that. And I would say the third thing that I think helping us to some extent is, we've seen a lot historically some of the competitors in the space do some things with regard to guaranteeing minimum payments or out-of-pocket. And we're starting to see some of the payers sort of impose what I'll call a more level playing field there. And I think the combination of those things, I think, make us feel much better about the business as we go into '15.
Tycho W. Peterson: Okay. And then going back to the question on M&A before, you don't have a lot of leverage. You're focused on tuck-ins. I guess, can you maybe just talk about the thought process for not looking at larger deals. I understand there's maybe some valuation disconnects out there, but it's still a very fragmented industry. And maybe talk about the maximum leverage you could consider taking on if larger deals did hit your radar screen.
Robert F. Friel: I would just say, one of things that -- when you look at larger deals, our sense is it's much more disruptive to the enterprise. So whether you can manage that or not. But probably more importantly, when we look out there, we're not necessarily looking to build scale for scale's sake. What we're really looking is where are the opportunities for us to build significant relative market scale. And so we want to look for acquisitions that build in the spaces where we're strong, and it's just hard to find big targets that do that. And I think that's probably the bigger issue. It's just that there isn't something out there, at least from our perspective, that is attractive, that's large, that builds in our areas of strength. So take for example, newborn screening or imaging or any of the areas where we think we're differentiated and focused. And so I think that's fundamentally the challenge for us.
Tycho W. Peterson: Okay. Then one last one, since you did mention imaging, any thoughts on the flat-panel market? It looks like CapEx budgets are freeing up a little bit in the U.S. Has that business picked up for you at all?
Robert F. Friel: As Andy mentioned, we had a very strong Q3. We think we're going to do sort of probably mid single in Q4. We are seeing some push outs from a timing perspective, but I think as we've talked about historically, we think this is a business that probably grows mid- to high single digits. We've introduced some new products, most notably around the cassette, and we're also starting to get some FDA approval of our panels, which will open up adjacencies into the clinical market. So I think -- we still feel good about this business and like I said, can grow sort of high single digits.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard from Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard: Rob, early in the script, you mentioned market share gains in the quarter. Could you elaborate on exactly which verticals you experience the most acutely?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I would say specifically in the diagnostics and service area where we're seeing double-digit growth rates there. Our view is we're able to go in and take some share. In some cases, it may be -- in case of service, it may be customers that are outsourcing internal or it may be the case of -- in our diagnostic business is where we're taking business away from local competitors. But clearly, at sort of double-digit growth rates, we feel like we're growing faster than the market.
S. Brandon Couillard: And Andy, a 2-part question for you. You made some nice progress on the working capital front. Can you remind us if you've made any or planned any U.S. pension contributions this year? And then secondly, what type of free cash flow conversion ratio would you expect is achievable for 2015?
Frank A. Wilson: We -- I think, noted in the previous call, we did make a fairly significant pension contribution last year and we don't really have a need for a pension contribution in the U.S. planned over the next few years. So I don't foresee any cash outflow in that regard. I would say if you back out some of the restructuring activity as we go forward, and I think you will see that abate somewhat, I think there's no reason we shouldn't be at that 100-plus free cash net income conversion. We're about 92% year-to-date. And that's certainly our goal. That will certainly be our target as we go into 2015. I think some of the improvement -- there's still a lot more improvement left to be done on the working capital side. I don't see any reason why we shouldn't be reporting that 100-plus in the near future.
Operator: Next question comes from Derik De Bruin from Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: You'd never -- you didn't specifically say an organic revenue growth target for the year. I mean, it was 4% to 6%, you didn't really update that. Could -- I assume we're -- just sort of given some of the headwinds in China and Europe, we're probably for the full year, we're tracking closer to the 4% to 5% range rather than 5% to 6%.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I think that's a fair assumption.
Derik De Bruin: Right. I mean, do you think it's still achievable? I mean, do you think the higher end could potentially happen if things go away? Or you just -- is that out of the question?
Robert F. Friel: I'd hate to say it's out of the question, but we would need some fairly significant growth in the fourth quarter to be able to get to 6%.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And I guess just sort of -- through doing the math here, it's like what -- do you have sort of impact on sort of relative to where your initial expectations were, sort of Europe and China, are in terms of where you thought you're going to be on an organic growth basis to where you ended up? Basically, are those weaker markets cutting you by 1 point, 1.5 points, just some color on where the impact is?
Robert F. Friel: If we look at Q3, for example, I would say, America's at, call it, 4 mid-single-digits. That's about what we expected. If you look at Europe at sort of low single digits, that's about what we expected. If you look at APAC, which again was sort of high single digits, that's about what we expected, maybe 100 basis points short and it really gets down to China. And so I think as we mentioned, China came in at high single digits, which isn't a bad number. But we historically and actually expected, it could be sort of low double. So that was really when you sort of cut through from a expectation to actual, it really gets down to a little bit light in the APAC, and it was fundamentally China.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. And you mentioned sort of the imaging royalties coming off. What -- does that create a significant headwind in 2015?
Robert F. Friel: It creates a headwind, I don't know if it will be significant. But what I would say is, we've got a fairly extensive intellectual property portfolio. And while there were some coming off on the in vivo side, we continue to make good progress in some of the other areas. And so in any given quarter, we've got probably a couple million dollars of licensing revenue maybe positive or negative. So it's just sort of something that we deal with in any given quarter. But I would say the headwind in '15, I wouldn't call it a significant headwind.
Frank A. Wilson: And it's really more, Derik, in the first half because some of those patents fell off kind of midyear so we've seen some of the impact to that in the second half. So that V will really be a first-half V.
Operator: Our next question comes from Zarak Khurshid from Wedbush Securities.
Zarak Khurshid: Rob, so how should we be thinking about the growth in the prenatal serum screening NTD business?
Robert F. Friel: I think that's a business that probably over time, it's flat and maybe down a little bit. It's not as much from a volume perspective, but it's continued pricing pressure. I would say, so -- and when you talk about NTD in the U.S., when you go outside of the U.S., for the kids, we continue to see strong growth there. But I would say the NTD business over time is sort of flat to down slightly.
Zarak Khurshid: Got it. And then how should we be thinking about NIPT potentially eating into that average risk market? And just generally, how big of a like kind of a long-term headwind is the NTD business long term? Can you give us a sense just of the size of the business?
Robert F. Friel: I think eventually that probably occurs. I think we're still some time off that from NPT going to sort of average risk. But for us right now, the NTD business is, I want to say, it's $20 million or something, so not a huge part of our business but I'll give you that rough size.
Zarak Khurshid: Got it. And then last one. Just on -- while we're talking about the IP on the in vivo imaging side, how is the licensing revenue coming through on the caliber side of the business? I know they're pretty good at asserting that microfluidics IP.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I was sort of -- to some extent, what I was referencing before when I was talking at -- with the microfluidics, again, it's a little bit lumpy depending on any given quarter. But for example, this quarter, we did have some nice microfluidics licensing income come in that helped offset the in vivo runoff of the patent. So I think we continue to appropriately enforce our IP and consequently that periodically allows us to put some additional income in any given quarter.
Operator: Next question comes from Peter Lawson from Mizuho.
Peter Lawson: Just thinking about 2015. Which businesses excite you the most heading into '15? And which new products could be meaningful?
Robert F. Friel: Peter, I would say, all of the businesses excite me going into '15. And I hope all my business leaders are listening to this. But seriously, look, I think we have nice growth prospects across the board. Clearly, the macro indicators would imply that the diagnostics business, I think, continues to do quite well. And probably the service businesses sort of spike those 2 out earlier. But look, our expectation is that all the businesses should be able to get the sort of mid-single-digit growth or better. With regard to the new products, I think, we continue to feel good about the products around the research area. We're making good progress there. The Alpha Phoenix has had very strong demand, as is some of the other products. And we continue to feel good about the AxION with regard to the applications in some of the end markets there. And I would say, clearly, while we've talked specifically about the products that we introduced in the back half of the year, our expectation as we get into '15, that we'll continue to roll out significant amount of new products. And that will continue to be a big contributor to our growth next year.
Peter Lawson: And just a quick question. Andy, I joined the call late. The EPS impact for 2015, what would that be on the bottom line?
Frank A. Wilson: We'll probably provide that when we give guidance for '15 because obviously it could likely change. We just mentioned it was $13 million and $0.03 in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bryan Brokmeier from Maxim Group.
Bryan Brokmeier: There appear to be a few more locations on the map of your Elm air-monitoring system. Are you generating interest in that system? And how is -- I think the largest is probably in Massachusetts, in Boston. How is that pilot program going? And any other comments that you have based on the early adoption of it.
Robert F. Friel: I would say we continue to get a lot of interest. We were at analytical over at Shanghai a couple of weeks ago and got some good interest there. And we're seeing good interest not only from the municipalities but also industrial companies as well. So we've got a couple of pilots here. We'll probably be taken off in the latter part of the year or early '15. And so we continue to be sort of excited about it. Again, what we tried to explain to people is we don't think there's any revenue in '14 but as we get into '15 here, it could be incremental to our growth.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue. So I'll turn the call back over to Rob Friel for closing remarks.
Robert F. Friel: First of all, thank you, all, for your questions. And I hope you got a sense that we feel great about our performance in the third quarter and year-to-date. And we believe we're in a great position to achieve a solid finish to the year as well as continued long-term success. Thank you for your continued interest in PerkinElmer, and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. You can disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2014 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. My name is Tony, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Tommy Thomas: Thanks, Tony. Good afternoon, and welcome to the PerkinElmer Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. With me in the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website through August 14, 2014. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled for the GAAP -- to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I am now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. PerkinElmer once again achieved good performance in the second quarter. We increased adjusted earnings per share by 16%, expanded operating margins by 110 basis points and generated strong cash flow. We grew organic revenue by 2%, which was lower than our expectations going into the quarter, largely due to several market headwinds we encountered, which resulted in an overall slower growth environment than we anticipated. Specifically, our business in Asia was negatively impacted by timing-related issues in China, and we experienced a weaker-than-expected global academic demand. In addition to the solid financial performance in the quarter, we continue to make progress on our key strategic priorities, including the introduction of a number of innovative new products, creating even greater customer value throughout our end markets. Before Andy covers our second quarter financial results in more detail, I would like to highlight some of our recent accomplishments in expanding our core capabilities of detection, imaging and informatics. In detection, we launched several new technologies, including the LabChip GX Touch, which enhances the genomics research process through nucleic acid quantification; and the GXII Touch, which provides better protein quantification to help accelerate biotherapeutic drug development. We also debuted the EnSight Multimode Plate Reader, the first of its kind to offer labeled and label-free detection, together with well-imaging technology on a single benchtop system. EnSight will enable researchers to generate more predictive results earlier in the drug discovery process. During the second quarter, we also launched Elm, an evolution of our detection capabilities that leverages our expertise in environmental monitoring to help transform how air quality is understood. Elm is an innovative air monitoring service that provides local real-time air quality analysis for individuals, smart cities and sustainable communities, opening up adjacent markets outside the lab. Turning to imaging. We were excited to announce our partnership with Sophie BioSciences to exclusively commercialize and sell benchtop PET X-Ray and 3-dimensional CT imaging systems. PET imaging is an essential preclinical research tool for understanding biology of disease, biological impact of drugs and clinical translation. I would like to emphasize that clearly, it's just -- it's not just the power of our discrete capability that differentiates PerkinElmer. Rather, as customer needs cross our markets and applications and as our portfolio expands with even more breakthrough innovations, it is the intersection of our capabilities that will drive the greatest value. Our recent announced partnership with Australia's Monash Institute of Pharmaceutical Sciences is a prime example of how leveraging both our detection and imaging solutions can be the deciding factor behind a customer success. The institute will establish Australia's first translational pharmaceutical science research lab using PerkinElmer's AxION iQT mass spec instrument, our new EnSight Multimode Plate Reader and the JANUS workstation to support the development of new medicines and provide world-class training at the pharmaceutical sciences. Additionally, as we build up our informatics capabilities and bridge those across our entire product portfolio, we were actively carving on new possibilities to offer customers unique value-added solutions for a variety of applications. One of our latest informatics offerings, for example, is the High Content Profiler powered by our Spotfire visualization software. It provides automated high throughput and high content data analysis in a single platform that can be combined with our instruments for better phenotypic screening and biological research and drug discovery. So to recap the first half, despite a slightly lower growth environment than we had originally forecast, we feel good about where we are at this point in the year. We delivered nearly 4% organic growth, 160 basis points of margin expansion and EPS growth of 22% during the first half of 2014. And we are on track to deliver on a robust list of new product launches. As we look to the second half, we are assuming that conditions within our markets will mostly remain unchanged. And we remain confident in our ability to deliver our previous full year commitment of mid single-digit organic revenue growth and adjusted EPS of $2.42 to $2.46, which represents growth of 15% to 17% over 2013. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy.
Frank A. Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. As I've done in the past, I'll provide some additional color on our end markets, a financial summary of our second quarter results and details around our third quarter and full year 2014 guidance. Then, we'll open up the call for questions. Reported revenues for the second quarter increased by 3%, while adjusted and organic revenues both increased by 2%, with essentially no top line impact from acquisitions or foreign exchange. Adjusted revenues were $557 million as compared to $544 million in the second quarter of 2013. By segment, organic revenue in our Human Health business grew 1%, while organic revenue in our Environmental Health business grew 2%. Looking at our geographic results. Organic revenue increased mid-single digits in the Americas, low single digits in Asia and declined low single digits in Europe due largely to the timing of academic funding and a difficult prior year comparison. In China, organic revenue increased high single digits despite the deferral of a number of tenders in the quarter due to government funding delays, resulting from state-mandated internal reorganizations. From an end market perspective, our Human Health business represented approximately 55% of reported revenue in the quarter, with diagnostics representing 29% and research representing 26% of reported revenue. Organic revenue growth from our diagnostics business increased high single digits during the second quarter, driven primarily by strength in our newborn and prenatal screening and infectious disease testing solutions, which continued to be in strong demand throughout emerging markets. Birth rates continued to improve with a modest increase in the U.S. and a rebound in China. Once again, we saw solid performance from our SYM-BIO business, a leader in infectious disease testing in China, as organic revenues grew mid-teens. In Haoyuan, our Chinese blood screening offering continued to garner a large share of tenders in the quarter, and the business is now well positioned for the start of mandatory nucleic acid screening in 2015. Medical imaging revenues grew organically high single digits in the period, driven by growth in industrial applications, as well as strong demand for our new wireless cassette detector used in diagnostic imaging and veterinary applications. We continue to expect solid growth for the balance of the year as a result of emerging market investments in health care infrastructure and the increasing demand for our advanced medical diagnostics x-ray capabilities. Our research business declined mid-single digits in the second quarter, driven primarily by softness in academic end markets. We believe the slower release of funding in first half of the year plus lighter capital spending in Europe will start to improve in the second half. Moreover, global pharma and biotech customers are progressively targeting their spend on large molecules and clinical analytics, increasing demand for in vivo imaging, as well as informatics capabilities for predictive modeling. Moving to our Environmental Health business, which represented 45% of reported revenue in the second quarter, we served 3 end markets: Laboratory services, which represented 27% of reported revenue; environmental, which represented 17% of reported revenue; and industrial, which represented 8% of reported revenue. As I mentioned earlier, organic revenue in our Environmental Health business grew 2% in the quarter, driven by continued growth in our service offerings, which grew to mid-single digit organically. Organic revenue from industrial and environmental end markets was down modestly in the quarter but is expected to be improve as China demand strengthens and as our new product launches gain traction. In addition, we continue to see significant opportunities for our inorganic offerings as longer-term regulatory changes, such as USP 232 for trace metal analysis and prescription drugs, are broadly implemented. On the new product front, the AxION iQT mass spec began shipping in the latter part of the second quarter, and demand for this innovative new mass spec continues to build. Customer feedback has been very bullish, and we will continue to focus on the commercial ramp of this product in the back half of 2014. Demand also remained strong for our OneSource offerings as customers increasingly seek the right partner to help improve productivity in their lab. Turning to our margin performance in the period. Adjusted gross margins in the second quarter were 46.8%. We expect moderate improvement for the balance of the year as new products gain more traction in the second half. Adjusted operating margins in the second quarter were 16.8% as compared to 15.7% for the same period a year ago. We continue to experience strong adjusted margin leverage in SG&A and R&D from prior restructuring efforts. As a reminder from last quarter's call, our R&D spend is still expected to ramp higher, albeit more modestly in the back half of '14, as we to continue to efficiently add resources into our center of excellence in Hopkinton. By segment, adjusted operating margin in our Human Health business increased approximately 150 basis points to 23% as compared to 21.5% in the second quarter of 2013. The increase was primarily the result of sales mix, prior year productivity initiatives and restructuring activities. In our Environmental Health business, adjusted operating margins expanded approximately 70 basis points to 13.2% as compared to 12.5% in the second quarter of last year. The increase was primarily the result of savings from prior year restructuring activities and improved operating expense controls. On a non-GAAP basis, our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was approximately 21% and in line with our previous guidance. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.59 in the second quarter of 2014, at the high end of our guidance range, a result of strong margin realization on incremental revenues. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the second quarter with approximately $895 million of debt and approximately $205 million of cash. We exited the quarter with a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.1x and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.7x. During the quarter, we repurchased 750,000 shares of the company's stock for approximately $35 million. Looking at our cash flow performance. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was $54 million in the second quarter and $123 million for the first half of 2014. I'm pleased to note that during the quarter, Moody's update -- upgraded our debt rating to a Baa3 stable, and we're now investment grade across all 3 agencies. Looking back at the first half of 2014 results. We are pleased with our organic revenue growth in a lower-growth environment, strong adjusted earnings per share of 22%, adjusted operating margin expansion of 160 basis points and very strong cash flow from operations. Operationally, it was a solid first half, and we continue to feel confident in our ability to deliver in our full year commitments. Looking to the third quarter of 2014. Adjusted revenues are expected to be in the range of $545 million to $555 million. Given our strong first half adjusted operating margin expansion performance, we remain confident in our ability to deliver at least 130 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion for the year. Our share count and tax rate are expected to be consistent with the results in the second quarter, and cash flow is expected to remain robust in the second half as we continue to better leverage our working capital. In summary, adjusted earnings per share for the third quarter of this year are expected to be in the range of $0.55 to $0.57. For the full year 2014, we continue to expect our adjusted revenues to grow in the mid-single digit range, and we are reiterating our adjusted earnings per share guidance of $2.42 to $2.46. This concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, at this time, we would like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mr. Ross Muken of ISI Group.
Vijay Kumar: This is Vijay in for Ross. Maybe I'll start off with -- on the guidance part, Andy. So sort of -- if you do the math on what the implied number for fourth quarter is, right, based off the 3Q revenue guidance, it implies high single digit organic in fourth quarter. Sort of -- can you just walk us through what gives you the confidence on that back half ramp?
Frank A. Wilson: Are you talking about the -- on the top line?
Vijay Kumar: Yes.
Frank A. Wilson: Actually, the top line, the way we've modeled the second half is essentially mid-single digit.
Vijay Kumar: Okay, great. And maybe one follow-up on the -- your comments on the Chinese blood screening market, pretty interesting. Can you help us -- in trying to size that market, what's the market opportunity? Who do you compete against? And sort of how do you feel about share price positioning from a pricing and a market share perspective?
Robert F. Friel: This is Rob. I -- we would say, right now, it's probably about a $50 million market for molecular nucleic acid testing in China. We think, probably over the next couple of years, that probably more than doubles with the significant pickup or improvement here in 2015. Relative to competitors, I would say, right now, relative to our market share, we think we're probably #2 and we continue to win a number of tenders. I think the one -- a disappointment has been -- is I think some of the funding has been delayed, consistent with what I think we're seeing in some of the other areas in China. But we do feel good about the opportunity to expand revenue fairly significantly in 2015.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Paul Knight of Janney Capital Markets.
Bryan Kipp: This is actually Bryan Kipp on behalf of Paul. So I just want to start off on the top line, I think, or just kind of going back with the first questions, in line with those. In context to your commentary, I mean, I'm thinking about the European market, I guess, specifically to start. What are you guys seeing there? And do you -- to get to that mid-single digit? What do you -- are you expecting kind of continuation of -- how it played out in the first quarter, do you think -- or second quarter, do you think it's going to accelerate from here?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, as we think about Europe in Q2, it was down 2%. I think for the back half of the year, we think we can get that to flat or maybe slightly positive. And I think generally, when you look at the back half, what we believe will happen, as I mentioned in my comments, not a significant improvement from a market perspective. But really, what you're going to see is the impact of the new products start to really sort of drive more positive growth in both the geographies and the applications of markets. The other thing I would say is, clearly, in Q2, we were impacted and we saw some slowing in China, particularly with government tenders. And the area that we saw a fairly significantly -- impact for us was in the food safety area. As you may know, there's been consolidation of testing labs in China, the CDC, the CIQ and the QTSB was initially to supposed to be consolidated in the SFDA. That didn't go particularly well, so it's now being consolidated into our new organization called the Market Supervisory Bureau. I think as a result of those changes, from the government perspective, tenders has been delayed. We do believe, and we do assume in our forecast, that you see that come back probably in the latter part of Q3 and clearly, in Q4. So we do think we'd see some release of those tenders in the back half of the year until China returns to a more normal demand pattern. Because if you look in both environmental and the research area, our China business was relatively flat. And so we expect that to go back in the sort of high single, low double digit growth area. The diagnostic business was not really impacted by that, and continue to see strong growth there. So I would say that's one contributor to the back end growth. But probably more importantly, it's the new products getting traction. And in Europe, it probably goes from minus 2% to low single digits. In the Americas, which has been growing about 4%, we think that probably stays about the same in the back half. And the big change will be Asia with low single digits in the second quarter. And we expect that to migrate more to sort of mid to high single digit in the back half, which is even sort of down from what we've seen historically.
Bryan Kipp: Appreciate it. I guess, a follow-up to that, is the size of the tender deferral -- deferred tender in China, can you put some additional context behind that, maybe number-wise? And...
Robert F. Friel: I would -- go ahead.
Bryan Kipp: I was just going to say on the split on the core business for PerkinElmer relative to the new products, kind of what your thought is on the back half growth, whether it's a 50-50 split or kind of some color there as well would be helpful.
Robert F. Friel: Okay, great. So with regard to the impact of the tender, I would say that if you look at how our environmental business in China, you can sort of break it up in the sort of 4 end markets. You have the industrial, you have the sort of air and water and soil, you have the food and you have the pharma business. The food business, if you go back to Q2 '13, was 35%, 40% of our business. And that's the one that, for us, has been significantly impacted. The environmental, the air and water and the pharmaceutical and industrial was less impacted, but we saw a fairly dramatic slowdown in that business, again because of the tender delay. I would say another impact on that business was that if you go back to Q2 '13 and clearly, there was some tough comps because of the food scares that occurred in the first half of 2013, that was clearly factored into our guidance. But I don't think the tender delays or at least the severity of the tender delays was impacted as much as we experienced. With regard to the NP, the new product impact in the second half, we're saying that's probably going to be about 150 basis point improvement in growth just to calibrate, so -- across all the businesses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Greg Schenkel of Cowen and Company.
Chris Lin: This is actually Chris for Doug today. So I just want to quickly talk about China again. When did you start experiencing the China funding delays, given that, last quarter, you know that it wasn't a big impact? So this was -- this seems a little bit surprising.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say it was clearly -- as we've gone into the second quarter because we saw a good pipeline of orders. But what was happening was they kept continuing to be pushed out. And initially, it was -- it will be pushed, but we'll be able to do it within the quarter. But as we got to probably the middle of the quarter, we did see that it was just going to get to the crunch where that was going to be -- we were unable to do that. Consequently, we try and control a little bit of our costs, and that's why you're seeing strong margin improvement in the quarter. And we're able to still show good margin expansion and hit the top line of our guidance from an EPS perspective.
Chris Lin: Okay. And then just on the global economic demand weakness. So we haven't really heard this from many of your peers. So I guess can you talk about the specific geographies that were impacted? I know you called out Europe, but also called out global. So I guess why was there seemingly a delta with your peers?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. Well, I guess I might take a little exception on that one. I think we have heard so many other peers talk about academic weakness and clearly not academic strength, because we've seen it pretty much across the board. For example, if you look at NIH right now, the success of grants right now is at an all-time low. It's at about 16%, which is running about 50% below the historical trend. If you go to China, clearly, China's slowing down funding in the research area. Now we think that's going to start picking up a little bit here. And we have not seen much release in Europe from the Horizon 2020. So we think it's pretty pervasive across the entire globe. And I guess from my read of some of the transcripts, I think there was a number of competitors that pointed that out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro: Just wondering if you could talk a little bit about what contribution from new products is baked into your guidance for the second half. I just went through some of the recent transcripts and presentations and was trying to track down exactly what was in the pipe here. I think you've identified a couple of them, but it sounded like there was also maybe some other -- maybe -- or perhaps unannounced products in the back half. I just want to kind of confirm that there's more products on the way, and just wondering how much do you think they'll contribute.
Robert F. Friel: We believe, right now, from a growth perspective, it's -- it adds let's say, at least 150 basis points. So if you think about a little more than a billion in the back half, sort of $1.2 billion, that's approaching's $17 million, $18 million, maybe we'll do better than that. But at least that's what's built into our forecast. I would say, if you go through the new products, and I'll try and hit them relatively quickly. I mentioned, on the imaging side, the Opera Phenix is -- will be shipping this quarter. That EnSight Multimode Plate Readers, that's shipping already. The LabChip Touch, that's shipping already. We talked about the Hybrid torch, which is in our Environmental area. And we've got a number of collaborations that we've announced. Sophie Bioscience brings our -- brings us PET imaging. And then, also, in the informatics area, we announced a new sort of collaboration internally with our High Content Screening business that we think will be -- will get some nice traction in the market. And like I said, that's already been introduced. But just give you a sense of some of the stuff will be impacting the back half.
Isaac Ro: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe just on the SG&A side, I think your other question about the expense leverage you got there. It sounded like you were saying that wasn't really sustainable because it's obviously somewhat of a reaction to just sort of the bigger operating environment. So I'm wondering if you can kind of give us a sense of what's reasonable on the operating leverage, given the back half growth you're looking for. Just want to make sure that we understand kind of the nature of -- what kind of operating leverage is fundamentally available versus what sort of short term?
Robert F. Friel: So I think if you look at the second quarter, the operating -- or the incremental flow-through was close to 50%. I think, historically, we've talked about 35%, and depending on mix, maybe it could be a little bit better than that. We do feel like the new products will be better from a gross margin perspective. And clearly, when you look at the back half, while we still expect to have let's say, north of 100 basis point operating margin expansion, in our forecast, we anticipate taking R&D up and start to fill those jobs as we talked about previously. So I think in our forecast, we're assuming that we'll take our operating expenses up, but obviously doing it in a prudent manner that still allows us to have good flow-through and probably north of 100 basis point margin expansion.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Brandon Couillard of Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard: Rob, on the research business, can you peel back the onion a little bit for us and give us some more color in terms of the modest decline there between the product categories or customer end markets?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So I would say, first of all, on the academic side, that was down fairly significant for us as I sort of alluded to before. We really saw across the board a pull back. And then combined with sort of this tender issue that clearly impacted the -- our research business as well, that was down sort of low double digits. Pharma was flat, and then what we saw in the informatics side was good growth in the analytics, so the Spotfire and the visualization offerings we have there. In the ELN area, we saw some softness there. And clearly, what's happening is our customers are moving from client server-based applications to both web and cloud-based. We mentioned last quarter that we introduced our Elements offering into the academic market, it will probably take us another quarter or 2 to get that out into the pharmaceutical industry. So we've got an issue right now where we've seeing an acceleration in the move away from client server, and it will probably take us a couple of quarters to catch up to that. And so that's having some impact on our research market as well. But fundamentally, difficult headwinds on the academic side, pharma's sort of flattish and informatics, sort of a tale of 2 cities, with analytics doing well and ELN facing some headwinds.
S. Brandon Couillard: And then, Andy, gross margins, down about 40 bps in the first half of the year. It sounds like you're looking for a nice improvement in the second half. Can you quantify the effects of mix and currency in the second quarter, and then kind of what you're discounting for the second half of the year?
Frank A. Wilson: Yes. We did have -- it was probably equally split between mix, which is primarily a ship to service, and rest was FX. And that was primarily the move in the pound and the euro on our cost base. So those combined were about half the miss. I think we assumed, going forward, that we should see some sequential improvement in the third quarter and some year-over-year improvement in the half, albeit modest, probably because of that mix in service. But we think that's going to tick up a bit because of the new products that should add some growth to the gross margin line on a year-for-year basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Dan Arias of Citi.
Daniel Anthony Arias: Rob or Andy, the instrument business looks like it comes up against some favorable comps next quarter. I think you guys are looking at down mid-singles, if I remember correctly. So I guess, with that as a backdrop and given what you're seeing out there, should we look for instruments to be up above the corporate average in 3Q? Or are some of the things you're seeing out there are going to have it more in lineage with PerkinElmer?
Robert F. Friel: Our forecast is for the corporate average to be mid-single. And so my expectation is the environmental business will be there as well. And so it will be hopefully a combination of service and instruments. I would say, right now, service may be a tad higher and instruments may be a tad lower, but we are expecting a nice rebound on the instrument business in the Environmental area, which will be partly easier comps, but also again, some of the traction from the new products.
Daniel Anthony Arias: Maybe just a high-level question on China, following the growth questions. Given the business mix that you have there, what do you think the revenue split might be, say a year from now, just in terms of diagnostics versus core instrument consumables? Just trying to sort of understand the pacing of the business mix.
Robert F. Friel: Based on Q2, the diagnostics grew significantly better. Now I don't know that, that's sort of a normal quarter for us. But if you continued on that trend within a couple of quarters, I don't know, within a year, but our diagnostic business could be probably close to the size of our Environmental business. But I don't think that's the right trend, because I do think our expectation is Environmental comes back and gets to sort of a high single, low double digit growth in the back half and continuing to '15. Diagnostics probably continues to grow high teens, maybe low 20%. So clearly, there's going to be a bias towards the diagnostic revenue. But I think if you go a year out, I think the Environmental business, it will still be greater than 50%. But the diagnostics, I think, continues to have very attractive macro trends, both on the infectious disease side with obviously the ramp up in the blood screening. And then, of course, we continue to see strong growth in both newborn and prenatal side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Jon Groberg of Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Rob, so maybe just digging in a little bit more, or maybe I didn't hear it quite right. But in Human Health, I think overall, you grew about 2% organically. And I think you were saying high single digits in diagnostics and imaging and then the mid-single digit decline in academics. Just wanted to...
Robert F. Friel: Yes. Mid-single digit decline in research and high-single digit growth in diagnostics and medical imaging, that's correct. But to your point, the research decline was driven by the weakness in the academic markets.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Right. I guess, I mean, it seems like from the mix of your business -- by the way, I guess, isn't the -- isn't your diagnostic business larger than your research business?
Robert F. Friel: No. Actually, they're pretty comparable in size.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Okay. Maybe I misheard Andy in terms of the mix -- the split of the business. And then on -- specifically on tenders in China, can you maybe quantify a little bit more in terms of the impact of that just in the quarter, and any numbers you can put around those?
Robert F. Friel: Well, as we mentioned...
Frank A. Wilson: [indiscernible]
Robert F. Friel: As I mentioned, it was largely felt in the area of our food safety business. And as I mentioned, if you go back to Q2 '13, that represented some 35% or 40% of our business. That was down year-over-year over 20%. Now some of that, we knew because of the spike we had last year. But clearly, a lot of that was a delay in tenders. So call it 35% of our Environmental business was impacted by the delay in tenders.
Jonathan P. Groberg: And given what's going on in China, still, it seems like a little bit of a mixed bag from listening to everybody. You're expecting that to go from -- you grew high single digits this quarter to going back to growing kind of high double in the second half of the year. Is that correct?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say high teens is what we've experienced. And of course, a big driver of that is diagnostics. Diagnostics continued to do very well in the second quarter. They grew north of 20%. So our expectation is diagnostics continues on as it has been. And what we'll see is we'll see both the Environmental and the research business return to sort of mid to single-digit growth. If that occurs, then the overall China business will get more into mid to high teens.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Okay. And then sorry, lastly, on the -- your leverage levels are back down. You bought a little bit more stock this quarter. But I guess what are you thinking from an M&A perspective over the next 12 months or so?
Frank A. Wilson: I think we're really looking at capital deployment similar to the way we've looked at it in the past. I think first preference would be acquisitions. I think we -- right now, we've talked about our leverage. We'd probably, to get to the mid-2s, have $300 million to $400 million of powder. And I think our first priority would be to bring in some acquisitions. Absent that, I think we would look at buybacks. And the third is the dividend, and we continue to review that each quarter. But I think that would probably be the order I would prioritize them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Zarak Khurshid of Wedbush Securities.
Zarak Khurshid: You mentioned prenatal earlier on the call as a source of strength. Were you referring to NIPT or serum screening? And generally, could you tell us what's going on with the Verinata relationship? We saw that they inked a deal with Progenity. What does that mean for you guys in the marketplace?
Frank A. Wilson: So first of all, when I was referring to the prenatal strength, it was -- for us, it was really outside the U.S. And while we saw strength in Europe, we saw good strength in the emerging markets, mostly China. So our strength is really coming sort of outside the U.S. from a prenatal perspective. I think with the Verinata relationship, I think it's similar to what we've said in the past where we are seeing good sort of uptake of the test. But the reimbursement or more specifically, getting paid cash, continues to move in the right direction, but it's slow. And so I would say, for us, NIPT is -- continues to be somewhat immaterial from a revenue perspective, and our expectation is that probably continues through the majority of the remainder of the year.
Zarak Khurshid: And then maybe another one on women's health. How are things going with the Good Start collaboration?
Robert F. Friel: So we're now distributing that, and it was, I mean -- I would say, it's early days. But I would say, the thing that sort of excites me about that is it allows us to really have a complete offering in the whole area of prenatal health. So obviously, with our NTD biochemical screen with the NIPT we referenced before, and now we're now bringing in the carrier screening from Good Start, we really -- as we have our discussions with our doctors, and it fits very well with our channel. It gives us that holistic offering. And so I think that's really important for us. Early days, and we'll just see how it does in the latter part of the year. But like I said, we're -- it's in our channel and we're starting to sell.
Zarak Khurshid: Sounds good. One last one for me, just on the SYM-BIO business, sounds like the strength -- there's continued strength there. Could you just talk about what do you think the potential opportunity or the total opportunity there is? And what inning do you think we're in today for that business?
Robert F. Friel: So I think we're early days. I think there's a significant opportunity when you look at -- first of all, the growth in the middle class in China, over next couple of years, is going to put tremendous pressure on health care system within China. And so our ability to provide, at a very good cost and a very good quality, infectious-disease testing, and now adding on to that the ability to do blood screening. We think this is a business, which, today, call it $50 million, over the next couple of years, could be well north of $150 million, $200 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Derik De Bruin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Derik De Bruin: So just I keep -- hate -- I hate to keep beating on this, just on the terrific confidence in the back half ramp, can you give us some sort of like backlog number? To just give a sense of what you've already -- so feel confident that you booked for the back half?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say, the backlog, we haven't sort given historically. Not that we couldn't give it, I just -- it hasn't been as meaningful a number because a good portion of our business is really bookings shipped. So I guess, what I would say is if you look at orders through the month of July, we're up high single digits. So I think that gives us the confidence that we do expect to see a pretty good ramp here in both Q3 and hopefully, into Q4. I would say that fact -- and I would say, and the other thing is we are seeing good receptivity to almost all of the new products that are out there. So I think the combination of that, combined with what we saw was pretty good order strength during the month of July, it gives us the confidence to reiterate the guidance for the year and talk about getting back to mid-single digit top line growth for Q3 and Q4.
Derik De Bruin: Okay, that's helpful. On the imaging business, I'm talking about the in vivo imaging, I know there's starting to be some more competitors in that market. And I know there's some patents that are rolling off from some of the Caliper products. I guess, can you talk about how that in vivo end market is sort of -- your expectations for that sort of going forward and sort of how that is? And I guess, this sort of leads into the question about -- if you sort of -- we haven't heard about some of the other aspects of the old Caliper business in terms of some of the automation platform that's been added. So just I think sort of what's going on with that business and the various segments would be helpful.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. Obviously, first of all, the expectation for the in vivo imaging business is -- continues to be high single digits. In fact, if you look at the U.S., it had very nice growth in the U.S., but had some significant headwinds outside. Again, we think that's unique to Q2 and as I mentioned, some other research headwinds or academic headwinds that we face. But I think we continue to feel good about high single digit growth. I think the opportunity is to take this business and particularly some of the other imaging capabilities that we've got from Caliper and move them into some adjacent markets. And the one that we're fairly excited about is we think some of competencies from Caliper combined with some of the things we historically had at PerkinElmer can give us a nice offering into the quantitative pathology market. And so I think when we look at the opportunity to broaden out the applicability of our imaging capabilities, we feel very good about single -- high single digit growth and maybe even getting into the low double digit.
Derik De Bruin: Great. Andy, could you just sort of go over the gross margin again over the quarter? I know, last quarter, it was down about 100 bps because of the FX headwinds impacts. So what is it -- was it sort of like just the lower volumes that was the impact in the gross margin this quarter?
Frank A. Wilson: Well, there are really 2 pieces in the lower volume, obviously, has some impact. But it was primarily FX, and as I mentioned, it was the euro and the pound. And the other piece was a mix within the portfolio with the higher percentage of service and the instruments versus prior year. And as I also indicated, we think that will improve in the second half, just given new product introductions and given some strength we think we see in the order rates on instruments as we go into the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Bill Quirk of Piper Jaffray.
Unknown Analyst: This is Alex Novak [ph] on for Bill. I was wondering if we could get an update on how the China newborn screening is going.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think we continue to see nice growth in China on our newborn. With regards to the rollout, are you talking about our collaboration with the western provinces? And I would say that continues to go well. It's on track. And well, as I think we mentioned in the past, that probably doesn't have a dramatic financial impact in '14. It really seeds the market for continued growth as we get into '15 and later years. But it continues to go well. And as I said, we continue to see very good growth in traction within the newborn business. I would say emerging markets broadly, but specifically in China.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, great. And then staying on newborn, there was a Wall Street Journal article this morning on the impact of stem cells for treating SCIDs. And how the -- and how more states might be pressured into including their test for the newborn screening requirements. What are your kind of -- what are your thoughts on this? And what have been the conversations with states that are not currently offering the test?
Robert F. Friel: So one of the challenges with SCIDs has been -- there's -- we do not -- we have not received FDA approval yet for our tests. It is in with the FDA. And as I'm sure everyone on the phone knows, that's a little bit hard to predict. And so our response has been because obviously, this is a critical need from a health care perspective, is -- and we've been setting up what we call labs in a lab. And so in a number of states, we actually go in, PerkinElmer employees, and do the testing within the labs. And we've had good success there, but it's limited the ability for the states to do SCIDs testing. So one of the hopes is that, as more and more of these articles come out, maybe has some impact on accelerating the approval of our FDA kit or kit for SCIDs. But again, the way we're trying to deal with this is that for our people in the labs to continue to sort of permit or allow the testing of this incredibly debilitating disease that there's a cure for, as you pointed out. And we want to be able to have as many children as possible have the opportunity to be tested for it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson: Just a couple of follow-ups to questions that were asked earlier. Derik's asked a question about imaging, commenting a little about the medical imaging business. I mean, is there a chance you could see some acceleration there? It's been a tough business for a while. But with the work you're doing in PET and CT, do you potentially expect that to pick up a bit?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I think it was a possibility, as we sort of mentioned before, is we continue to look at sort of adjacencies of where we can take our competencies and our capabilities. So I wouldn't be surprised to see improved growth in those areas.
Tycho W. Peterson: And then, on China, I mean, you've had a ton of questions on it. But are you baking anything in for the net tender in terms of stocking ahead of mandated testing in '15?
Robert F. Friel: No, not significantly. Like I said, I mean, the one area that's been a little disappointing there is the funding for that has been so much delayed, the Chinese government. And so maybe there'll be this sort of big ramp-up in the last 5 or 6 months, but we're not baking that into our forecast.
Tycho W. Peterson: And then how big an opportunity do you think that could be in '15 for you guys though once they do migrate to net?
Robert F. Friel: It probably goes in '15. It's probably a $10 million to $15 million opportunity for us. Today, at most, single millions, so it's...
Tycho W. Peterson: And then I know you had a question earlier on M&A and just thinking a little bit about the landscape, can you maybe talk about your appetite for larger deals? I mean, you've largely focused on bolt-ons. But how do you think about potentially doing some [indiscernible]
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I think we'll continue to focus on those deals. I mean, I think that they reduce the level of disruption to the business. And so I think our focus, to a large extent, has been on, I would say, smaller deals. As I think I've mentioned in the past, I would like the average size of our deal to go up. I think if you look over the last couple of years, our deals have been sort of sub-100 from a value perspective. I'd like to get them up a little bit, more meaningful from a revenue and an OP impact perspective. But I still think that's going to be the major focus of our efforts.
Tycho W. Peterson: So what's the maximum leverage you think you'd be willing to take on?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I don't know that I ever wanted to set a maximum. I mean, if you look at the Caliper deal, that put us in the sort of mid-3s. And so we went to that because we felt pretty confident that we could get back to the mid-2s in a relatively short period of time, which we were able to do. So I mean, I don't know, Andy, if there's a different view, but I...
Frank A. Wilson: Our comfort is in the mid-2s. We would lever up if we saw an ability to bring that down quickly. But I would say it just kind of would be event specific.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Jeff Elliott of Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey T. Elliott: Most of my -- have been asked already, but -- so I'll just ask one here on the Elm product. Can you talk about your ability to monetize that product and perhaps expand that into other adjacent markets?
Robert F. Friel: So I think those are the things we're in discussion right now with some of the cities and some of the other communities. And so I think when you talk about when we launched it, this is an exciting product. It got some interesting capabilities and technologies. And from a financial perspective, while we don't think there's going to be significant impact in '14, I think as we get into '15, we hope to see some revenue that as we have a have a better perspective on whether this is a sort of subscription model, whether we're selling data, so on and so forth. So I think that's still to be worked out, and it may vary a little bit by the individual customer.
Jeffrey T. Elliott: Got it. And then could we just get an update on pricing, what you're seeing across the portfolio?
Robert F. Friel: I would say, it varies a little bit by business. But I think for -- if you look the company in total, it's probably even relatively flat relative to the impact on gross margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Eric Criscuolo of Mizuho.
Eric Criscuolo: So just on the -- it looks like there was about a $15 million delta between your results and your 2Q guidance for the top line. And I know you said that there was the basically, the China timing issue and the academic weakness. Could you maybe quantify or put a percentage on which -- how much came from each basket of the miss?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So I would say, first of all, I mean, as we sort of reconciled to, let's say, the midpoint of the guidance, there's a couple of million dollars that were associated with signature that one ended discontinued. Not that there was a big number, but just sort of to help reconcile. And then as we think about it, we think there's probably about a $7 million to $8 million impact from China and probably about a $4 million to $5 million impact from the research slowdown attributable to the academic. So that's how we would sort of quantify the impact of the 2 items that I talked about.
Eric Criscuolo: Great, that's really helpful. And on the academic environment, could you just tease out by geography, North America, Europe, Asia, how those 3 segments did this quarter?
Robert F. Friel: The 3 geographic segments by academic?
Eric Criscuolo: Yes, just academia.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I would say, clearly, Europe was down fairly significantly. And again, one of the things, when you look at these numbers, is it's also taking into consideration sort of comps year-over-year. And so Europe and the research, the academic market was very strong in Q2. That was driven by some in vivo imaging placement. So it's a little bit distorted when you start to go down by segment, by region because of the comps. But what you see is U.S. was sort of positive, Europe was down significantly and APAC was down, largely driven by softness in China.
Eric Criscuolo: Got you. And then just lastly, as you went through the quarter, did you start to see signs that the academic trends were improving in those geographies?
Robert F. Friel: I would say that we -- as we went through the quarter, not as much. But as we're now into the third quarter, we are starting to see some improvement in the trends. And I think that's all factored into the sort of 8% growth in orders that we saw through July.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby: The first one is just a follow-up to the last question as it relates to the improved orders you've seen so far here in the third quarter. I was just wondering what's driving the improvement versus what you saw in the second quarter. It sounds like maybe academia is getting a little bit better. Have you seen any of the orders in China have come through yet, if you could just maybe talk about that [indiscernible]?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say it's 3 things. I think we are seeing a little bit of improvement in China, we're seeing some improvement on the research side and we're seeing the new products. And I think the combination of those 3, which is, really, I think, the basis for, call it just under 4% in the first half to something in the sort of 5% to 6% in the back half.
Steve Willoughby: Okay, got you. And then just secondly, SG&A, I understand, obviously, the quarter is a little bit slower from the top line. You pulled back a little bit, it sounds like, on operating expenses. As we think about SG&A in dollars or in the back half of the year, I would suspect that it would probably be up a bit from what you spent, $137 million or so you spent this quarter. But how much of a step up-up are you expecting in the back half of the year with regards to SG&A?
Frank A. Wilson: Yes. It will step for -- in total, SG&A for -- really, a key reason is in the second half, we're going to be lapping with first, probably have some additional spend because we're in R&D. But if you just look at SG&A by itself, we had some restructuring that took place in the second quarter last year, and we're -- we'll be lapping that in the second half of this year. And so there will be some headwinds there. So and it will be an increase in the percentage. But it won't be a dramatic increase in dollars.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And then just the final thing is can you guys kind of go through what your thinking is on share repurchases, about $35 million this quarter? A couple of quarters before that, you hadn't been buying any. So just how do you think about the timing of your share repurchases?
Frank A. Wilson: Well, I think what we said at the beginning of this year, and I think what is consistent is at the minimum, we said we wanted to keep our share count flat for the year. And I think that still holds true. I think if we look at the opportunities on the M&A side, I think that will then help us decide what we want to do on the buyback side. But again, as I mentioned before, I think our first priority is to bring in some acquisitions that can add some profit, and the second would be the share buyback. So -- but we'll be looking at that constantly as we go through the second half of this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Paul Knight of Janney Capital Markets.
Bryan Kipp: Just a quick follow-up. On the Hopkinton facility, I know you guys kind of talked about the step-up in costs. I think you alluded to in the past $2.5 million in incremental costs associated with new hires. How far along are we in that? And did you step back in 2Q and expect to ramp in 3Q and 4Q?
Frank A. Wilson: Well, there's a couple of factors, Paul. This is Andy. One is, I think the savings we're getting from some of the overhead is a little better than we thought, and we're -- the number of people we're hiring is a little less than we thought. I think we've done a nice job of efficiently building out Hopkinton. But I think what you'll see is from the second quarter, the third quarter will step up a little over $1 million and then another $1 million on top of that in the fourth quarter. So the second half is going to be north of $4 million higher than the first half. And I'm sorry, it's Bryan, not Paul.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I would now like to turn the conference back over for closing remarks.
Robert F. Friel: Okay. First of all, thank you for your questions. And just in closing, I want to reiterate that we feel very good about our progress to date and believe we have good traction towards accelerating our growth while creating differentiated value for our shareholders, customers and employees. Thank you for your continued interest in PerkinElmer. Have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. Thank you so much for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you all for joining. Welcome to the First Quarter 2014 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lisa, and I'll be your coordinator for today. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I'd now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tommy Thomas, who is the Vice President of Investor Relations, for opening remarks. Please proceed, sir. Thank you.
Tommy J. Thomas: Thanks Lisa. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our Web-site at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our Web-site until May 8, 2014. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks Tommy. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that PerkinElmer is off to a solid start in 2014, delivering strong performance in the first quarter. Our financial results exceeded expectations with organic revenue growth of 5%, strong operating cash flows, a significant increase in operating margins and adjusted EPS growth of 28%. We are benefiting from strong demand for our differentiated solutions and improving trends in many of our end markets compared to last year. Productivity improvements we made in 2013 to simplify and strengthen our operational footprint, an effective operational execution by the entire organization. While Andy will discuss our end markets and Q1 results in detail, I would like to highlight the progress we made during Q1 to improve our core capabilities of detection, imaging, informatics and service enabling us to grow our share in key end markets. Turning first to imaging, we launched the IVIS SpectrumBL which features a patented optical imaging technology and increases in vivo throughput in preclinical imaging for drug efficacy, safety and toxicology. We also jointly opened an in vivo imaging demo lab in Fudan University's Shanghai Medical College, the first center of excellence in APAC with the ability to provide direct demonstration and training for preclinical animal models. Researchers at the lab will use PerkinElmer's bio-imaging technologies to advance the understanding of biology and find improved alternatives for disease treatment. In detection we broadened our leading prenatal and neonatal diagnostics offerings, both in the U.S. and in China, including setting up additional lab in a lab testing for severe combined immunodeficiency syndrome where we embed a full-service operation and several PerkinElmer technicians directly into a customer's laboratory to screen new born samples using PerkinElmer's assets. We also recently signed an agreement with the National Health and Family Planning Commission in China to be the exclusive partner in a three-year newborns training project to cover more than 600 rural communities and train more than 3,000 doctors and lab technicians. This unique collaboration which employs PerkinElmer's detection technologies, knowledge and infrastructure will not only grow our market share, but more importantly help to save millions of lives. Additionally, we announced an exclusive partnership with Good Start Genetics to sell its GoodStart Select genetic carrier screen tests to our maternal fetal health customers in the United States. This partnership further expands our prenatal menu and enables us to leverage an already strong market for us. Also as a prime example of how we can deliver greater customer value through linking together our complementary capabilities, we introduced the NexION 350 ICP-MS spec instrument and paired it with new workflow-based software called Syngistix. This solution enables superior levels of nano material detection and is significantly faster than anything on the market making it ideal for single particle detection and for applications within the environmental food and pharma markets. This product further demonstrates how the breadth of our product offerings can be brought to solve real issues facing our customers. Turning to informatics, a strong driver behind the business' growth in Q1 was our ability to further deploy our Spotfire data visualization software across our instruments platforms. For example, we won business with the Genome Institute of Singapore to provide a bundled solution consisting of our JANUS liquid handling technology, EnSpire Plate Reader and Spotfire software. This integrated solution will enable the efficient discovery of next-generation cancer therapeutics and personalized genomics. We also launched Elements, our first cloud-based scientific collaboration tool that will revolutionize how students and researchers collect and share data. Early feedback from several beta users at large universities has been very positive. We also continued our investments in mobile platforms with the INconX application for our Optima spectrometer, which enables user to remotely monitor and control the operation and analysis from anywhere in the world. In addition, we added mobile capabilities to our OneSource offering to allow the scheduling and monitoring of service calls and access to a complete history of the service records through the use of an iPhone. While innovating across our core capabilities is critical to accelerating growth, so is providing an exceptional customer experience. During the quarter, we began to put together better processes to ensure that PerkinElmer is the easiest company to do business with in the industry, from the time a customer purchases the product through installation. Our renewed focus this year on improving the customer experience will generate even greater customer satisfaction and build long-term brand loyalty. In closing, it was a great to kickoff the year strong and build momentum heading into Q2. Most of our end markets are experiencing improving trends with the remaining stable. Diagnostics was strong reflecting our market leadership and the attractive segments we serve. Solid mid single-digit growth in our research business reflects some recovering pharma and a continued uptake in our informatics offerings, and the environmental business experienced robust service growth and strong interest in our upcoming new product launches. Our focus on elevating differentiated innovations and serving our customers well will continue to fuel our growth and provide a competitive advantage for PerkinElmer. Critical to this are our many employees located across the globe, who in the first quarter not only executed well operationally to achieve revenue and margin expansion but also continued to drive our strategic priorities while remaining passionate about serving our customers. Consequently, I feel good about our ability to accomplish both our short-term goals and long-term objectives as we have an incredible opportunity to grow and innovate, and most importantly make a difference. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy.
Frank A. Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon everyone. I'll provide some additional color on our end markets, the financial summary of our first quarter results and details about our second quarter and full-year 2014 guidance and then we'll open up the call for your questions. We are pleased with our performance in the first quarter. Reported, adjusted and organic revenues, all increased by 5% with essentially no top line impact from acquisitions or foreign exchange. Adjusted revenue for the quarter was $533 million as compared to $507 million in the first quarter of 2013. By segment, our organic revenue in Human Health grew approximately 6% while organic revenue in our Environmental Health business grew 4%. Looking at our geographical results, organic revenue increased mid-teens in Asia, mid single digits in the Americas and flat in Europe due in part to the timing of shipments in the fourth quarter of last year. We expect to see low to mid single-digit organic revenue growth in Europe for the full year driven in part by new product introductions and an improving economy. In China, organic revenue increased low double digits. We continue to see positive demand trends in our key environmental and diagnostic offerings, specifically our infectious disease, newborn and prenatal screening as well as applied market applications focused on food, air, soil and water detection capabilities. Looking at organic revenue growth by product category, recurring revenue which includes reagents, consumables and service grew high single digits in the quarter while organic revenue for our instrument and component offerings grew low single digits in the quarter. From an end market perspective, our Human Health business represented approximately 56% of reported revenue in the quarter and consist of diagnostics which represented 29% of reported revenue and research which represented 27% of reported revenue. Organic revenue growth from our diagnostics business increased high single digits during the first quarter, primarily driven by demand for our newborn screening and infectious disease solutions, with particular strength in emerging markets. Not only are birth rates beginning to rebound in China as evidenced by prenatal trends we saw in the first quarter, but thereafter greater access to newborn screening in rural areas is also increasing. Additionally, we continue to gain share in infectious disease testing in China having won over 30 new Sym-Bio customers during the quarter. Medical imaging was essentially flat in the period, but an improvement from our guidance provided in January. We continue to expect solid organic revenue growth for the year driven by emerging market investments in the healthcare infrastructure and the rising trend to advanced medical diagnostic x-ray capabilities. Our research business delivered mid single-digit organic revenue growth in the first quarter versus the comparable period in 2013. The pharma and biotech segment contributed to this performance and is in line to grow mid single digits for the year. In academia and government, the funding remained somewhat choppy in developed regions impacting CapEx decisions, yet there are indications the market should rebound and lead to greater opportunities in the second half. The tone coming from our customers is definitely more upbeat at this time than last year and we remain optimistic on the outlook for the year. Moving to our Environmental Health business which represented 44% of reported revenue in the first quarter, we serve three end markets, laboratory services which represented 20% of reported revenue, environmental safety which represented 16% of reported revenue and industrial which represented 8% of reported revenue. As I mentioned earlier, organic revenue in our Environmental Health business grew 4% in the quarter driven by continued strength in our services offering which was up low double digits. On the product side of the business, organic revenue was flat in the quarter as growth in Asia was offset by softness in the U.S. while Europe was essentially flat. We're excited about our new product pipeline which will ramp up in the second half and meet strengthening demand. For the NexION [indiscernible] team aspect in particular, we continue to see investment orders and expect to ship the first several instruments in the second quarter. Turning to our margin performance in the period, adjusted gross margins in the first quarter of 2014 were 46.8%. A higher service revenue mix, initial OneSource startup cost related to a number of new contracts in the quarter, and FX headwinds negatively impacted gross margins by more than 100 basis points. We expect moderate improvement in adjusted gross margins for the year as we launch our new products and as our revenue mix returns to a more normalized rate. Adjusted operating margins in the first quarter were 14.7% as compared to 12.6% for the same period a year ago. SG&A and R&D contributed approximately 116 and 120 basis points to our margin improvement respectively, most of which is the result of prior year restructuring efforts as well as our shift of R&D resources to China. I would like to note that approximately half or 60 basis points of the year-over-year R&D improvement is due in large parts to the timing of new hires into our R&D center of excellence in Hopkinton. Thus R&D expense for the balance of the year will increase approximately $2.5 million per quarter. The 2013 consolidation of R&D facilities into Hopkinton along with the consolidation of shared service operations in Krakow, Poland afford us the opportunity to more efficiently and effectively manage our SG&A and R&D spend going forward. By segment, adjusted operating margin in our Human Health business increased approximately 320 basis points to 21% as compared to 17.8% in the first quarter of 2013. The increase was primarily a result of volume leverage, prior year productivity initiatives and restructuring activities. In our Environmental Health business, adjusted operating margins expanded approximately 80 basis points to 11.2% as compared to 10.4% in the first quarter of 2013, due primarily to these same factors. On a non-GAAP basis, our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was approximately 22% versus our guidance of 21%. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.46 in the first quarter of 2014, approximately $0.03 above the midpoint of our guidance range as higher sales and strong incremental margin flow-through more than offset a higher tax rate and incremental foreign currency headwinds that combined [maybe] (ph) impacting results by approximately $0.02 versus our guidance provided in January. Turning to the balance sheet, we finished the first quarter with approximately $930 million of debt and approximately $224 million of cash. We exited the quarter with a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.3 times and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.7 times. Looking at our first quarter of 2014, cash flow performance, operating cash flow from continuing operations was $68 million. Free cash flow, defined as operating cash flow less capital expenditures, was $62 million representing a free cash flow to adjusted net income conversion of 118%. Looking to the second quarter of 2014, adjusted revenues are expected to be in the range of $565 million to $575 million. Adjusted earnings per share for the second quarter this year are expected to be in the range of $0.57 to $0.59 which represents growth of 12% to 16% from prior year levels. Assuming the midpoint of our second quarter guidance range, adjusted earnings per share growth for the first half of 2014 are expected to grow approximately 20% as compared to the same period a year ago, giving us greater conviction in our ability to meet or exceed our adjusted operating margin expansion guidance for the year. For the full year 2014, we continue to expect our adjusted revenues to grow in the mid single-digit range, so we are raising our adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $2.42 to $2.46 from our previously guided range of $2.40 to $2.45. This concludes our prepared remarks, and operator, at this time we would like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is from the line of Doug Schenkel, Cowen and Co. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually Chris [indiscernible] in for Doug today. So congrats on your quarter. My first question is, your incremental margin was strong this quarter and clearly the quarter came in ahead of expectations. How should we think about the operating margin guidance in context of the solid quarter, should we expect you to take advantage of the strong start and perhaps decelerate some investments?
Frank A. Wilson: I think at this point we only have one quarter under our belt. We feel good about it. Some of it, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, is related to the timing of some hiring in R&D and some spend in the R&D area. So that will actually be a bit of a headwind in the second through the fourth quarters. But I think we still  I think we have more conviction now that we can deliver possibly north of 130 basis points, but I think it's still early days. I think if we end up significantly outperforming in the first half, we might look at some investment, but I think at this point we feel good about where we are and I think we feel good about our margin expansion opportunity. And so I think as we said in the prepared remarks, I think we feel good about possibly exceeding the 130 but have made no decisions on spending anything [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and just one more. So OneSource and the pharmaceutical end market have been consistent areas of growth. Given the recent [flurry of] (ph) pharmaceutical activity, can you just give us an update on sort of what expected impact on your business would be?
Robert F. Friel: So as you mentioned, we've seen strong growth in OneSource, and I think the reason is because our customers are doing more outsourcing and we're seeing greater customer penetration, and when you really think about it, it makes sense for our customers, it helps them to drive productivity. When you think about the potential for further formal consolidation, that really just more further supports this outsourcing model, because when you think about it, OneSource can be helpful in harmonizing practices or simplifying the supply chain. So, we think it probably continues to drive strong growth in OneSource.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dan Leonard of Leerink Bank. Please go ahead.
Dan Leonard: Just wanted to talk a little bit more about gross margin. I'm trying to think about how to balance the benefits of all the heavy lifting you did in manufacturing last year with sort of the secular trend that your service business is a faster grower than the corporate average and that's a lower margin business, and you have done a couple of distribution relationships in the diagnostics side lately and perhaps those are lower margin. So just in light of the gross margin result of the quarter, I'm wondering if you could elaborate a bit more on the trajectory there.
Robert F. Friel: I would say one other thing, Dan, I think as the new products start to come out in the second half of 2014, I think that will be a big contributor to expanding gross margins. So I think you're right from the standpoint of one of the reasons you're seeing this service business outperform the product business right now is because we haven't seen a lot of the benefits in the new products [yet] (ph). So I think with the benefits of the new products, our expectation is you'll see stronger gross margin.
Dan Leonard: Okay, thank you. And my one follow-up, I guess today is another example that the market is willing to pay for deals right now. What can you comment on your M&A pipeline and your ability to do transactions in 2014?
Robert F. Friel: As Andy mentioned, another good quarter, strong cash flow, and so we're fairly active, we've got a pretty full pipeline here. So we're hopeful that we'll be able to get some deals done this year. But again as we've talked about in the past, probably nothing of significant size, I think we'd be more comfortable in sort of bolt-on, but hopefully we'll get a couple of [indiscernible] this year.
Dan Leonard: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Knight, Janney Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paul Knight: Rob, I know the software business and informatics was, software specifically, has been a long time in development. Do you think you're finally there with Spotfire and surrounding technologies?
Robert F. Friel: Paul, I think we've made good progress in Spotfire but I think we still see a significant opportunity, continue to expand Spotfire with our instrument platform we introduced something fairly recently called Skystream which really helps pull data directly, in this case plate readers, right on the Spotfire without having to download data to a server and then subsequently upload it. So there's a lot more work we can do in making Spotfire more applicable to our instruments and then of course building out Spotfire application in some other areas. So good progress but I think we still see a pretty good runway to continue to build on our capabilities in informatics.
Paul Knight: And Rob, you're more optimistic sounding than most regarding China on these conference calls. Is it because of the high diagnostics and environmental exposure, I guess the tougher question is, is private sector such a small part that you don't see that impact?
Frank A. Wilson: I think it really speaks to where we are in the selective markets that we serve. So when you talk about diagnostics, we're obviously in and around newborn and prenatal and so we're getting the benefit of increasing growth. Obviously we have nice share there. And then I think we've got a great product offering in the infectious disease and so we're continuing to take share there. So specifically on the diagnostics side, we feel great about that. On the environmental side, there just continues to be more focus and emphasis on cleaning up the environment. This is something that just came out recently. I think it was either in the last day or two, we're now putting a more difficult or more stringent penalties for environmental violations across the government, so whether it's monetary or actually jail time. And so I think you're going to see much more monitoring of environmental. Of course that's driving some of our growth as well. So I think potentially we're optimistic because of both the positions that we have in China as well as the markets we serve.
Paul Knight: Okay. And then lastly, is big pharma specifically big pharma, are they stable growing or what's your color there?
Robert F. Friel: I think they have stabilized and maybe even we're seeing a little bit more of an optimistic tone there. If you look at our research business, particularly the areas that we focused over the last 24 or 36 months, in the areas of imaging and informatics and microfluidics, all those areas actually grew double digit in the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ross Muken of ISI Group. Please go ahead.
Ross Muken: So I wanted to dig in a little bit more on the gross margin line, so in terms of the year-over-year comparable pull-through, is that more a function just with some of the mix from last year given some of the disruptions you had, maybe there was a higher software component or something, because it seemed like the pull-through was a little less, I would have expected given sort of the revenue outperformance?
Robert F. Friel: I think as Andy talked about, we have a couple of dynamics going on in the quarter. First of all, at least looking at gross margin, the service business has lower gross margins but have very good operating margins. So with the service business growing sort of low double digits, that's going to put pressure on gross margin. The other thing is because we want to couple fairly significant OneSource contracts in the first quarter, there is an upfront investment associated with those contracts often in the first couple of months that we win those, and so we're making investments, et cetera, and of course that flows through gross margin. I think another big component was I think it was sort of 30 or 40 basis points of impact from foreign exchange. So we think when you sort of strip that out, the sort of core actually expanded gross margins probably 60, 70 basis points.
Ross Muken: Okay, that's helpful.
Frank A. Wilson: When we gave guidance and talked about the year and the fourth quarter, we had indicated that we thought service and instruments were both going to grow about 5%, but that mix shift as Rob said does have a significant impact.
Ross Muken: And the investment, that makes sense. A lot of folks have kind of highlighted weather and days impact, all sorts of messiness in the quarter. It seems like your consumable recurring revenues were kind of strong. I guess in your mind is that just a function again of some of the markets where you're seeing extra-normal growth or sort of non-U.S. based? I'm just curious like the pacing in your consumable businesses and sort of the U.S. versus ex-U.S., did you see any sort of different month on month?
Robert F. Friel: Not really. I mean it might had a minor impact but not anything of significance. So I don't think I'd spike that. The other thing to keep in mind is that a big part of our reagent revenue is the flow-through on newborn screening and babies are not impacted by weather.
Ross Muken: I'm about to have one, so hopefully not. And then lastly, sorry just to be quick, I know we talked [indiscernible], where are we on sort of open the kind of buyback, I mean the sale  you buys obviously are kind of running at a leveraged position where you have some flexibility and you haven't done a ton of deal work, it's been a tough market for that in general up until recently. How are you sort of thinking about kind of the trade-off right now with the stock between M&A and share repo?
Robert F. Friel: So I think what we've said, Ross, is our preference is to try and do some of these deals to sort of build out our capabilities, but it's a point that we don't see that as likely in the pipeline, we probably get a little bit more aggressive on the stock buyback. I would say the only other thing that's out there is we continue to be on sort of negative watch for Moody's and we'd sort of like to get that behind us, but at some point that becomes less relevant.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Isaac Ro, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Isaac Ro: Just want to ask a question on academic spending. We've obviously seen some expectations set by other management teams in this space that maybe first quarter was a little soft but hopefully will pick up as the year progresses, so I'm wondering if you can share that sentiment number one, and if so, kind of what will be sort of the anecdotal items you could share if any to support that view? [indiscernible] struggling with reading the [indiscernible] on the academic picture at least in the U.S.
Robert F. Friel: I probably agree with that. I would say we didn't see it in the first quarter. Clearly it was better than it was in Q1 of '13. I would probably define it as  or describe it as more stable, but I think in the discussion, in the dialog with the customers, it does seem like there is more of an advertiser spend. I would say the pipeline, we probably have the greatest visibilities in the in vivo area and there seems to be a pretty good pipeline there in the U.S. And so, in our sense it probably improves a little bit here in the back half of the year.
Isaac Ro: And actually on that product line, [that wasn't] (ph) really what you had of in vivo imaging product line. You had a bit of a challenge there, first quarter last year. Can you sort of talk about how that's doing year to date and maybe  what some of the key drivers are, not only for that product but also the microfluidics business, just sort of thinking about the rest of the instrumentation portfolio you guys got from Caliper, mark-to-market on that?
Robert F. Friel: So I mentioned it briefly. A couple of the areas that we've sort of really emphasized over the last couple of years, actually we did see good growth in the first quarter, so both microfluidics and the in vivo imaging grew greater than 10% or double digits. So we are pleased with that. If you look at in vivo specifically, it was very strong in U.S., not as strong in Europe. And so that's the one area where we are seeing a little bit of weakness let's say specifically in vivo area and as well in Asia. So overall double digits but a little bit of a weakness on the European side. Microfluidics again, we saw a nice growth there. That was pretty much across the board geographically.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jon Groberg of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Groberg: Congratulations on a solid quarter. So, Rob, can I actually  over the last call it 12 months or so you obviously made a deal with Verinata, this quarter you did a deal with Good Start, I'm just curious, I mean you guys have your own genetics lab and sequencing lab, you have other capabilities, can you maybe just talk about how you evaluate some of these newer technologies and product offerings, when to be just a distributor for a test and why not just offer the test yourself?
Robert F. Friel: I think there's obviously a number of factors that go into that. One is how quickly the market will ramp up and probably more specifically how quickly the reimbursement will ramp up. so there is a trade off there. With some of these cases there is intellectual property that's involved. I would say that's probably more the case in the non-invasive prenatal testing area. So I would say it's a number of things we look at, which is how quickly do you think this thing has become, the market becomes sort of a contributor from a profitability perspective and our own internal capabilities and where we want to focus those. So I would say that's what we think about.
Jonathan Groberg: And where are you today or when do you expect these to potentially be meaningful contributors to your top line relief?
Robert F. Friel: I think we have talked to a fair amount about the Verinata and the non-invasive prenatal area, and I would say we continue to see a relatively slow ramp-up on the reimbursement. That sort of continues to be a challenging area. So we're not forecasting a significant impact for 2014 from that area. I think contrast that a little differently with carrier screening, because there you've got a fairly well-established medical policy, pretty good reimbursement. And that sort of fits well into our channel or call point. So I think in that instance we would be say disappointed if we didn't see $5 million to $10 million of that in the back half.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. And then, Andy, can you just clarify, I just want to make sure I understood what you were saying about R&D again, so I think they were supposed to increase $2.5 million I think you said per quarter, but I was trying to make sure I understood exactly what you were saying, and putting that in context like, looks like your guidance for the second quarter is just a little bit light of the street, although the revenues are in line, so maybe just kind of talk to me a little bit about what you expect for margins in the second quarter?
Frank A. Wilson: Specifically around R&D, we did a lot of work on consolidation which included quite a bit of R&D consolidation into our [indiscernible] in Hopkinton. As you can imagine, as we shift that facility, as we get to hire in the Hopkinton facility, that takes time. So there was a timing effect of that in the first quarter. We hope to be fully hired in the second quarter. The impact of those hires and related expenses is about $2.5 million and that's per quarter. So the spend that you see this quarter will go up about $2.5 million each of the successive quarters this year and so that will obviously have a little bit of a headwind on the margins going forward but that's factored into our full-year outlook.
Jonathan Groberg: So just to be clear on that, so on an absolute level it's going to go up $2.5 million and then kind of stay at that level for the next couple of quarters?
Frank A. Wilson: Yes, that's exactly right. It's $2.5 million in the second quarter and it will be stable at that level in the third
Jonathan Groberg: Okay, I think there was some confusion about going up $2.5 million every quarter, okay. And then what's your margin expectation for the second quarter, your operating margin?
Frank A. Wilson: We said 130 for the year but I think operating margin we think is pretty much in line with that. Maybe  yes, I would say in line with that. Perhaps we're looking at a slightly faster ramp than we had guided in January.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Peter Lawson Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Lawson: Just back to the pharma consolidation question, how do you see the benefit playing out, do you see it as kind of an initial dip the first few months when consolidation is announced and then you kind of see long-term effect?
Robert F. Friel: I think you have to separate it between the service business and the product business. I think what I mentioned before is really directed more on the service side with OneSource, and historically what we've seen is almost growth right out of it because not only do we do the OneSource on the sort of maintenance and repair of instruments but we do summary location efforts and recalibration certification of the instruments. So generally, when there is consolidation, the service business does better. Contrast that with the product side of things and that's where we have seen sort of a temporary dip because what will happen or at least historically what has happened is, when two large pharmaceutical companies come together they are sort of [appraising] (ph) almost of the purchasing and then it sort of sorts out and hopefully returns to some more normal level. So I would say again based on history, service can see a little bit of a bump and we probably see a little bit of a negative impact on the product side.
Peter Lawson: Thank you, that's helpful. On the diagnostic side, is there any color you can give us around pricing and utilization trends you're seeing with diagnostics?
Robert F. Friel: First of all I would say PerkinElmer generally pricing was sort of flattish when you look across the corporation, sort of depending on the business. I would say in diagnostics it's probably a slight help but it wasn't significant. Utilization for us is not that significant of a measure and because where we're focused on, it is in the sort of newborn and prenatal areas, and it's not as relevant on the [churn in] (ph) infectious disease area.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brandon Couillard of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Brandon Couillard: Rob, we've heard from a handful of companies about there being some slowness in the release of funds from government customers in China. To what degree are you seeing any of that in your environmental business, if at all?
Robert F. Friel: I wouldn't say that's  we haven't seen that or maybe we've seen a little bit but insignificant.
Brandon Couillard: Understood. And then, Andy, are you able to quantify the  of the $20 million of productivity and cost savings expected this year, how much of that was captured in the first quarter?
Frank A. Wilson: I think in the margin expansion we provided for the year, if it was linear, we would have captured certainly the 100 basis point the carryover. There is somewhat of a ramp in the margins during the year because of some of the supply chain initiatives we have that will improve as the year goes on. But I think of what we communicated we thought we could do, we actually did that and a little bit better and that's after taking into account the R&D upside we had.
Brandon Couillard: Okay, and then one more, are you able to quantify the impact of the lower pension and royalty payments, the benefit to operating cash flow from those, and then how should we be thinking about the free cash flow conversion for the full year after a pretty good start?
Frank A. Wilson: If you look at cash flow and the income statement or the statement of cash flows, it's actually  operating cash flows are $68 million versus $11 million and essentially the difference between those is the pension which we talked about was about $47 million and the rest was a mixture but the majority of that was what was royalty. So when we talked last year about adjusted operating cash flows, we added those back. Are you still there?
Brandon Couillard: Yes, I'm good. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Tycho Peterson, JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: A follow-up on the commentary on prenatal screening. I understand obviously some of the reimbursement [indiscernible] verified, because obviously you've been talking about that moving [low-risk] (ph), can you maybe just talk about your thoughts on the trajectory of that business as it moves into [indiscernible] and how you might be able to benefit there?
Robert F. Friel: So I guess, so our point of view on that is, I mean we don't think that's going to happen in the short term, but we think for the foreseeable future that is going to stay in high-risk and that you're not going to see a low risk for I would say a number of years.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then just as we think about the product portfolio
Robert F. Friel: I want to say, Tycho, the way we think about [indiscernible] I think the growth is really coming from the replacement of [indiscernible]. I think that's really driving the adoption. So I don't see it, I guess in the short term here in the next couple of years really getting into the low risk [indiscernible].
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then as we think about just kind of the suite of products you've introduced and obviously you had a busy year last year with these introductions, any of these [indiscernible] the ability to move the needle more? Just trying to kind of rank order some of the introductions whether it's the NexION, the AxION or the [iQT] (ph)?
Robert F. Friel: I think we'll first of all would say there's been a couple of introductions in the first quarter but I would say the more meaningful sort of needle moving [indiscernible] or probably really coming out more in the latter part of the second quarter here. I would spike out the iQT, I would also spike out the Opera Phenix, which is a new high content imager. And then probably getting into the third quarter you'll see a new suite of microfluidic products coming out that we have sort of branded touch. So I would spike those three out of the significant contributors to our revenue growth.
Tycho Peterson: And then, Andy, just one on the operational initiatives. You've talked in the past about the premature [indiscernible] expense in the year. Can you maybe just quantify what you think you can get from the direct spend initiatives and how much working cap [indiscernible]?
Frank A. Wilson: We set the initial goal for this year of $10 million. It actually  the leader of the indirect initiative reports directly. I think we have made good progress. I think we see our ways to hopefully that numbers if not more, and I think this is going to be an ongoing initiative that will continue to help us both in the gross margin on the indirect side but as we do get in to expend there, but for sure on the is SG&A.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Bill Quirk, Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
William Quirk: First off, can you elaborate on the comment you had [indiscernible] regarding the new [indiscernible] China contract, maybe just help us frame that in terms of timing, duration, time?
Frank A. Wilson: I don't think it's going to have a significant revenue impact in the short term. I mean what I would think about that is it's  we're giving them some capabilities, we're training them and I would in fact it's probably even in 2014 more of a cost than it is profit, but I think when you look out two, three years, and we've done this in other situations as well, we sort of plant some seeds and then we see probably revenue in '15 and beyond.
William Quirk: Okay, got it. And just staying on the topic, first [indiscernible] changing geographies, early diligence around sort of the [indiscernible] birth rates in two largest states in the U.S. are continuing to be pretty positive. So can you talk guys just as a category assuming that we see these trends continue kind of what that kind of translates into for the U.S. franchise?
Frank A. Wilson: Our data would suggest that if you look over the last 12 months, the U.S. is, birth rates are expanding in sort of 1% to 1.5%. And the way I would think about that is it's single millions of dollars for revenue for us.
William Quirk: Okay, got it. And then shifting gears last question here, just thinking about the Caliper and microfluidic business and I guess specifically around the NGS [indiscernible] side, we have certainly seen an increasing interest outside of the traditional areas of sequencing here really going back over a year now, Rob, can you just talk a little bit about how you look at that from a sales gain standpoint? Do you have to bring in some new hires to get back on some of these non-traditional accounts, they deleverage the existing team, just help us think a little bit of that.
Frank A. Wilson: When you think of non-traditional accounts, you're thinking more into [indiscernible] and those types of areas, is that trying to
William Quirk: Both [indiscernible] but then also certainly the interest within the clinical lab has been certainly for initially a lot of oncology applications for example?
Frank A. Wilson: No I mean I think we feel right now that we've got a team that's sort of calling those accounts and so I think we don't see a big investment at this point in sort of expanding the front end there. Our decision if demand starts to pick up, we'll take a look at that, but we think we've got the appropriate capabilities to be able to going to those accounts.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Zarak Khursid of Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Zarak Khursid: As we think about this Good Start strategy and in the event that NIPT starts to move into the average risk setting, I'm just curious how you would characterize or quantify your ability to drive adoption within those plain vanilla [OB] (ph) practices out there? I know there's quite a few of them.
Robert F. Friel: As I said before, that sort of fits right into our sort of wheelhouse from a call point perspective. So we've got I think very good distribution into those doctors. And so I think that's the benefit of the collaboration. We feel good about their test and their capabilities and technology and we think it's a strong combination with our distribution capabilities. So before  well established medical policy, I think it's good reimbursement, so I think we're fairly optimistic on the adoption rate and to be a pretty good business for us.
Zarak Khursid: How many reps do you have?
Robert F. Friel: About 40.
Zarak Khursid: Got it, great, thanks. And then just to follow-up on the lab services side of business, anything happening to potentially leverage your business there into completely new areas of manufacturing or chemicals or anywhere else?
Robert F. Friel: I would say that the bigger focus is really sort of trying to build out the informatics side to allow us to sort of continue to expand what we're doing with existing customers. I mean we continue to try and we've had for some time move OneSource into markets outside of pharma. I would say up to this point, we've had sort of limited success there. So our focus has really been more on sort of building more businesses with our existing customers, and I think we've seen some nice success with sort of lab IT offerings I talked a little bit in the prepared remarks about, I think some mobility and mobile applications to what we're doing with OneSource, and so that's probably been a more area of focus with [indiscernible] verses expanding into other end markets.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Bryan Brokmeier, Maxim Group. Please go ahead.
Bryan Brokmeier: You commented on the prepared remarks about the positive trend you're seeing and the birth rates in China. Do you expect that strength to accelerate as we go further into the year? And also, is the positive trend you're seeing largely due to the Chinese calendar or are you seeing any impacts from the one child policy that you're able to identify?
Robert F. Friel: So the answer to your first question is, yes. We think that continues to accelerate into the year, and of course one of the advantages we have is being a significant player in prenatal we have some good insights to what happens in newborn. I guess that's sort of I'd say synergies of the two businesses, but we believe the trend is more driven by calendar than it is by changing the policy. I mean it's a little hard to determine precisely but we had a pretty good sense that how should we turn to a much stronger growth rate because of the calendar. And [indiscernible], the question about the one total policy is probably more anecdotal than statistical but we don't think that's having much of an impact.
Bryan Brokmeier: Okay thanks. And I don't know if I invested, but did you provide the organic growth rate of the individual end markets in the Environmental Health business?
Frank A. Wilson: We typically don't provide that level of detail but we did have some  in the prepared remarks I did talk about gross rates broadly.
Robert F. Friel: I mean the way to think about it is, service was strong, product was basically flat and it was pretty much flat across most of the end markets I mean up down a little bit, but fundamentally you're up a little bit or down a little bit but whether it is industrial environment or safety, they are all around zero.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Derik DeBruin, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Derik DeBruin: So you have a really interesting sort of aspect in the baby and women's healthcare, I mean between you've got the newborn screening business, the NTD lab, you got the core blood business, Signature or Verinata, the Good Start relationship, I guess are you trying to sort of round it out with doing like in pre-implementation generic screening and I guess Signature is done okay but I don't know how big a product that is, I mean do you need to get even bigger in the cytogenetics market, could you just talk about how you sort of want to build out the baby business?
Robert F. Friel: So we actually do some of the pre-implementation outside the U.S. So sort of add that to your collection. But yes, I mean I think as we've talked about this before, I mean the diagnostic business for us is sort of mixed, alright, and the way we think about it is at one level [indiscernible], we want to do a lot of things in and around whether you call it births or reproductive health, whatever term you are using, our view is we've got a nice position there and so we want to leverage that to continue to build that out and we've talked about at times even maybe going into early childhood with some screening analysis. So I would say that's one. And the other is infectious disease but largely focused in emerging markets and today that's mostly China. So that's how we think about our business.
Derik DeBruin: I guess you could go upstream and do partnership with the Harmony if you wanted to but that will be there. So another question is in the software space for inspection sequencing. You acquired [indiscernible] a couple of years ago. I'm just wondering sort of how you look at the bio informatics market and how you want to sort of build out that? It's like does that become a bigger part, are there more assets out there, how do you see sort of coming into the bio informatics space and how are [indiscernible] products competing with that from Ingenuity and some of the other things that are out there?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say generally speaking, we would like the bio informatics business to be a bigger part of PerkinElmer. I think when we look at our capabilities, it starts with detection and imaging, but increasingly as those products get more and more sophisticated and generate more data, it really gets to what do you do with that data. So that's a big focus of ours and rather than say it in one specific area, whether it is NGS or imaging or protein analysis, we're really looking to do it across all those. And so, what we're trying to develop is more of a platform that allows you to take various pieces of data from various pieces of instrumentation and provide better information and analysis and makes then sequencing as a piece of that but it's only a component of what we think is a broader opportunity that being more sort of an informatics platform.
Derik DeBruin: So more of a systems biology but it's integrated [indiscernible]?
Robert F. Friel: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Elliott, Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeff Elliott: My first question is on the revenue guidance. I understand mid single digits, you left that unchanged, but [indiscernible] in the first quarter and then some of the new growth drivers that are coming on and looking at the commentary on end markets, I guess can you help me square the guidance staying unchanged with all the different moving pieces there? It seems like that the guidance is pretty conservative.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I would say that, [indiscernible] single-digit but we came in at 5 in the first quarter, so the mid-single digits, probably a little bit better than we thought. I think what we said was we would do 4 to 6, we thought the first half would be a little on the 4 side and the back half would be more on the 6 side, we came in a little bit better. But I guess to my perspective, it's a little early to take up the revenue guidance. So we'll see how Q2 comes in. I would say we're sort of cautiously optimistic but I would say at this point, it's a little early. I mean there are a couple of headwinds out there that have this concern. I mean while it's not a huge business for us, the Russian currency is impacting our newborn and prenatal business there, the Indian currency is having a little bit of an impact on it. So we like to get a little bit more comfort around those types of things before we be prepared to sort of take the numbers up.
Jeff Elliott: Got it. And just to follow up on the incremental R&D spend, can you talk about what areas you're hiring in?
Robert F. Friel: What Andy was talking about is the fact that we took a number of facilities that were sort of desperate R&Ds mostly in the U.S. and consolidated them into Hopkinton. So we sort of let engineers go in California, Chicago and places like that and we're hiring them back in Hopkinton. And so it's a number of the skill sets that we had previously. We're just sort of replacing them so as more sort of a geographic split for us. But I would say the emphasis is really around our imaging capabilities. So even in vivo imaging, the microfluidics capability is one that we sort of moved from the West Coast into Hopkinton and we're continuing to look for both chemists and biologists.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Willoughby, Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Stephen Willoughby: My apologies if you already talked about this but I was wondering regarding Japan, I know a year ago that was one of the three areas that you called out as an area of weakness, so theoretically [indiscernible] your comps there as well as like the tax changes that are happening [here] (ph). So I was just wondering if you could, if you haven't already, talk about your performance in Japan and then I have a follow-up.
Robert F. Friel: I would say Japan grew for us. I wouldn't call it was robust. It was sort of mid single digits. So it was obviously a nice recovery relative to the first quarter of 2013. But I would say with regard to the tax changes in April 1, I know some of the other companies talked about seeing some benefit for that. I wouldn't say that was material for us, but like I said, sort of solid mid single growth for us in Japan.
Stephen Willoughby: Got you, okay. And then on the OneSource business, I believe you mentioned you won some larger contracts more recently. Just wondering if you could provide maybe a little bit more color around that and also are those companies that you won the contract from another competitor or that these are new companies that are finally consolidating their service?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say from a [indiscernible] standpoint, although we don't get into our specific customers. It was basically around, it was a large pharma. I would say in one instance it was a competitive bid that we won and in two other cases it was where we picked up additional business with existing customers and that's [indiscernible] trends you see where some of the customers will put us in a couple of sites and as we continue to do well, they broaden it out.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Ladies and gentlemen, that's what we time for. I'll now hand back to Mr. Robert Friel for closing remarks. Over to you. Thank you.
Robert F. Friel: Great. First of all thank you for all your questions, and so in closing, let me just reinforce if I could, we are confident in our long-term plans to accelerate growth and deliver strong financial returns. We have a clear path forward and an outstanding team around the world that is committed to our mission of improving Human and Environmental Health. Thank you for your continued interest in PerkinElmer and have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a good day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2013 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. My name is Whitney, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to host for today, Mr. Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Tommy Thomas: Thank you, Whitney. Good afternoon, and welcome to the PerkinElmer fourth quarter 2013 earnings conference call. With me in the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received the copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note, this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until February 13, 2014. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any day after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP statement in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I am now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report PerkinElmer achieved a very good performance in the fourth quarter. During the quarter, organic revenue grew 3% and expanded adjusted operating margins by 90 basis points, resulting in adjusted EPS of $0.73, a 12% increase relative to Q4 in 2012. Operating cash flow is also strong, increasing significantly over Q4 last year to $71 million. All of these financial metrics exceeded our expectations. And while it is rewarding to close the year with strong financial results, more importantly, we ended 2013 a stronger company. During 2013, we made excellent progress on our productivity programs to rationalize our production footprint, shift production to lower-cost regions, better leverage our G&A expenses, and both simplify and strengthen our organization. In addition, we continue to make strides in expanding our capabilities into targeted, high-growth markets with a number of innovative new products launching in the first half of this year. We enter 2014 much better positioned to accelerate profitable growth and deliver innovative solutions to meaningfully improve human environmental health. As Andy will describe our Q4 results in detail, I will focus my comments on our end markets and discuss our guidance for 2014. Starting first with Diagnostics. Our specific end markets continue to be positively influenced by 2 major factors. The first is a desire by health care professionals to identify potential health problems as early as possible, because of both the clinical and economic benefits of early diagnosis. Second, the introduction of new technologies, products and analysis tools, particularly in emerging markets, is providing opportunities for us to leverage our knowledge and infrastructure. More specifically, we expect newborn screening to continue to expand into new markets globally, additional expansion of the newborn testing menus in certain geographies and noninvasive prenatal testing to grow sequentially as reimbursement trends improve. In China, we continue to introduce new products, expand our product and service capabilities, and gain market share in the areas of infectious disease testing. For example, we won nearly half of the Chinese tender for nucleic acid blood screening last year, solidifying our position as one of the top 2 providers in China. Due to our unique value proposition in emerging markets, our strong positions in newborn and prenatal screening, and the overall market expansion of these segments, we are forecasting our Diagnostic business to grow mid- to high single-digits in 2014. In Life Science Research, market conditions are clearly better than a year ago. The certainty concerning the NIH budget should avoid the funding delays we experienced last year and its 3.5% budget increase will improve public spending on research. In addition, biotech companies are increasing R&D spending and we are seeing modest improvements in selected foreign accounts. In addition to the improved market conditions, we introduced several new products this month and expect to launch several more midyear, which should provide incremental revenue growth. Two of the new products I'd like to highlight are the Opera Phenix launched at SLAS last week, which is a high content screening system using a proprietary technology, called Synchrony Optics, employing dual view confocal optics for significantly better speed and sensitivity by eliminating crosstalk between channels for 4 different markers simultaneously. In addition, we're introducing a multi-label slide scanner for research pathology, called the Lamina, that leverages our proprietary technology to reduce auto-fluorescence and improves the visualization of disease marker expression. Based on the forecasted impact of our new products and the improved end-market conditions, we are forecasting mid-single digit growth for the non-rad portion of our life science portfolio, with continued headwinds from Radiochemicals, resulting in overall growth in our Research business of low to mid-single-digits. In our Environmental end markets, overall conditions also seem to be improving, as capital expenditures in the developed world are recovering with PMI data in most of Europe at levels above the average for 2013, and continuing to indicate expansion. CapEx spending also appears to be improving in the U.S., but we are cautious given the likelihood of continued tapering by the Fed. We are also watching the implications of Fed tapering on certain emerging markets. However, we saw no impact in Q4, as growth continue to be double-digit. And to date, we have seen no signs of a decrease in order demand. Looking at specific application areas. Food analysis continue to be an attractive market, as increasing regulation on food control and production and brand protection from adulteration is increasing demand for food testing mid- to high-single digits. The environmental monitoring labs continue to consolidate and restructure, but regional areas of growth exist through the new water regulations in Europe and increased air monitoring in China. Demand from our industrial customers is largely tied to macro GDP growth. However, we do see opportunities for strong growth in materials research and testing applications, particularly in alternative energy. Finally, we continue to see our pharma customers outsourcing non-core activities, providing significant opportunities for our OneSource business. Based on this outlook for end markets, combined with the introduction of the iQT mass spec and several other new products, we believe our environmental business should grow mid-single-digits this year. A further contributor to our growth this year will be expanding the adoption of Spotfire visualization software. Recently, we introduced SciStream, which is a new configuration of Spotfire that allows direct collection of data from instruments, bypassing the need for additional programming. Initially, we are focusing this product on our line of plate readers, but eventually we will deploy the growth of the majority of instrument platforms, providing a significant competitive advantage to our detection and imaging products, and improving our customer's ability to visualize and analyze samples. Turning to full year 2014 guidance for the company, we are forecasting organic growth of mid-single-digits for the full year, with slightly higher growth in the second half, due to the timing of new product introductions. As a result of the productivity projects completed last year, and the higher volume, we should experience a significant adjusted operating margin expansion and our forecasted adjusted EPS in the range of $2.40 to $2.45 which represents adjusted EPS growth of 15% to 18%. EPS growth should be evenly distributed throughout the year, as the slightly higher revenue growth in the back half is compensated by the easier comps in the first half. Also, I should mention that our financial guidance does not assume any impact from the deployment of capital. Before I turn the call over to Andy to share more details on our 2013 results and 2014 guidance, I wanted to briefly mention our 3 key leadership objectives for the year. The first is accelerating profitable revenue growth by executing on our strategic plans. This incorporates increasing our leadership position in key end markets by leveraging our capabilities in detection, imaging, informatics and service. Second is achieving sustainable, best-in-class quality by producing superior products and driving efficiencies in all our processes. And third is building employee engagement and organizational strength through collaboration and investing in our people. We believe that engaging our employees in achieving these priorities will lead, not only to a very successful 2014, but will also be fundamental in fortifying the company for sustainable, long-term growth and shareholder value creation. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy.
Frank A. Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll provide some additional color on our end markets, a financial summary of our fourth quarter results and details around our Q1 and full year 2014 guidance, and then we'll open up the call for questions. As Rob mentioned earlier, we were pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter. Reported revenue increased by 4%, while adjusted and organic revenue both increased by 3%. Adjusted revenue for the quarter was $594 million, as compared to $577 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. By segment, our organic revenue in Human Health business grew 4%, while organic revenue in our Environmental Health business grew 1%. Looking at our geographical results. Organic revenue increased high single-digits in Europe and Asia, but declined low single-digits in the Americas, primarily the result of a difficult high single-digit year-over-year comparison. We were pleased with our performance in China, as organic revenue once again increased double digits, despite a difficult year-over-year comparison of more than 20%. We continue to be encouraged by the demand trends for our key environmental and diagnostic offerings in China, which help address critical needs in that part of the world. Looking at organic revenue growth by product category. Recurring revenue, which includes reagents, consumables and service, grew low single-digits in the quarter on a high single-digit organic growth comparison. Organic revenue for our instrument component offerings was at mid-single-digits in the quarter. From an end market perspective, our Human Health business represented approximately 57% of reported revenue in the quarter. We serve two end markets in Human Health: Diagnostics, which represented 27% of reported revenue; and Research, which represented 30% of reported revenue. Organic revenue from our Diagnostics business increased high single-digits during the fourth quarter, primarily driven by strength in our newborn screening and infectious disease solutions and our Medical Imaging offerings. As we guided on our third quarter earnings call, the Medical Imaging business returned to a mid-single-digit organic revenue growth in the quarter, and we saw strong demand from key customers in the oncology, diagnostics and industrial verticals. Our Research business delivered low single-digit organic revenue growth from the fourth quarter versus the comparable period in 2012. We experienced solid demand in our In Vivo Imaging, Microfluidics and Radiometric Detection businesses, which were notable standouts in the quarter, with double-digit revenue growth. Moving to our Environmental Health business, which represented 43% of reported revenues in the fourth quarter, we serve three end markets: laboratory services, which represent 19% of reported revenue; environmental and safety, which represented 17% of reported revenue; and industrial, which represented 7% of reported revenue. As I mentioned earlier, organic revenue in our environmental health business grew low single-digit in the quarter, grew 1%, driven by continued strength in our lab services business. Organic revenue from industrial end markets grew mid-single digit, while environmental and safety revenue declined low single-digits. Turning to our margin performance in the period. Adjusted gross margins were 49% as compared to 48.8% in the fourth quarter of 2012. We're beginning to realize savings related to the completion of our manufacturing consolidation and productivity initiatives, driving improved gross margins in the quarter despite foreign currency headwinds and our continued investments, primarily in software. As a reminder, investments in Spotfire's software are charged to gross margin as opposed R&D and SG&A, and therefore negatively impacted adjusted gross margins throughout the year. Adjusted operating margins in the fourth quarter were 19.2%, as compared to 18.3% for the same period a year ago. Restructuring efforts and recently completed productivity initiatives helped to drive profitability in the quarter. By segment, adjusted operating margins in our Human Health business increased approximately 100 basis points to 24.9%, as compared to 23.9% in the fourth quarter of 2012. The increase was primarily a result of positive product mix and the completion of a number of productivity initiatives. In our Environmental Health business, adjusted operating margins increased approximately 60 basis points to 15.9%, as compared to 15.3% in the fourth quarter of 2012. The increase was primarily the result of savings from our restructuring actions and operating expense controls. GAAP operating income from continuing operations was $84.7 million in the fourth quarter of '13, versus an operating loss of $30.8 million in the same period a year ago. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the fourth quarter of '13 were $0.58, compared to a loss of $0.14 in the fourth quarter of last year. Recall that the fourth quarter of 2012 was negatively impacted by noncash charges related to pension mark-to-market and our trademark name rationalizations. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.73 in the fourth quarter of 2013, about $0.03 above the mid-point of our guidance range, on higher sales volumes and a lower tax rate. On a non-GAAP basis, our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was approximately 18% versus our forecast of 21%, a result of the shift in jurisdictional profits. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the fourth quarter with approximately $930 million of debt and approximately $170 million of cash. We exit the quarter with a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.4x and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA of approximately 2x. Looking at our cash flow performance. Full year GAAP operating cash flow from continuing operations was $158 million, as compared to $154 million in 2012. Note that our 2013 full year cash flow results were negatively impacted by approximately $87 million of pension and royalty payments in addition to higher working capital related to productivity initiatives. These payments are not expected to recur in 2014. And given the completion of our productivity initiatives in 2013, we expect significantly higher operating cash flows for 2014. As to 2014 guidance. Going back to Rob's earlier remarks on our served markets, and given the new products we expect to launch throughout the year, we anticipate adjusted revenue for the full year to grow organically mid-single-digits, or 4% to 6%, with the full-year impact from foreign currency being minimal. Given the timing of new product introductions, we expect growth to be slightly higher the second half of 2014, but both halves should grow mid-single-digits organically. Regarding adjusted operating margins, the combination of the carryover productivity initiatives completed in 2013, of approximately 100 basis points, and incremental margins on 2014 revenue growth, will contribute approximately 160 to 180 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion. Partially mitigating this expansion are higher variable compensation and benefit cost due in part to a higher stock price and lower prior year payouts, as well as higher growth investments in the back half of the year. These costs in total are expected to negatively impact adjusting operating margins by approximately 30 to 40 basis points for the year. And as a result, we now expect operating margin expansion of at least 130 basis points for the full year 2014. Interest and other expenses are expected to be approximately $43 million. Our adjusted tax rate is expected to be 21%. And our weighted average diluted share count is expected to be flat or approximately 113.3 million shares. As a result, we now expect full year earnings per share to be in the range of $2.40 to $2.45, representing mid- to high-teens earnings growth for the year. Looking to the first quarter. Revenues are expected to be in the range of $525 million to $535 million. Adjusted earnings per share for the first quarter of this year are expected to be in the range of $0.42 to $0.44, which represents growth of 17% to 22% for the quarter. The significant growth in EPS is a result of the impact of our prior year productivity initiatives, but will be impacted by the aforementioned compensation headwinds, currencies, specifically the Japanese yen, as well as the negative mix impact from lower informatics and medical imaging revenues. This concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, at this time, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Dan Brennan with Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan: Maybe to start off, Andy and Rob, as we think about 2014 and the margin expansion is significant, that you're guiding to. However, just wondering, is 18% now kind of off the table, given some of the investments that you're looking to make in the back half of the year, plus in the variable comp?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I wouldn't say it's off the table. I think what we're trying to do is we guide where we think is sort of realistic and achievable. And I would think about it that if we see a little bit improvement on the top line and we get a little bit better mix, I think there's a possibility we can get there. But we don't think it's prudent to sort of guide to 18%. And as Andy said, we think we can get at least 130 basis points of margin expansion this year.
Daniel Brennan: Okay. And then maybe on the environmental side. It was a bit weaker than we expected, human was stronger. Maybe can you just talk to, versus your own expectations, maybe how did environmental come in and maybe anything on pacing in the quarter that might give us some visibility on how it's shaping up as you look in to kind of '14?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So I would say, when we reflect back in 2013, and particularly in environmental, as you know we had a lot of focus around improving our cost structure, particularly on the manufacturing side and the back office. And while I feel great about how we did relative to making all those moves from the standpoint of very minimal customer disruption, I think in hindsight, one of the areas we're probably impacted on was our ability to get innovation in the new products. And we've talked a little bit about the delay that we've seen in new product introductions, particularly in the back half of the year, and I think it impacted our environmental business. I mean, clearly, we spiked out the mass spec, slipping a little bit. And a couple of other products that we would have liked have seen get out in the latter part of the year, and we didn't. And I think that clearly impacted the growth rates. I would say the good news is, obviously, all those activities are behind us. And I think, from a management disruption perspective, we can now be singularly focused on driving growth and innovation in the marketplace. So, again, looking back, we're a little bit disappointed on the growth, particularly on the instrument side. I think service continue to do well. But on the instrument side, a little disappointing. But as I mentioned in the remarks, we're quite excited about both the market trends, as well as some of the new products and capabilities we've got coming out in '14. And that's why we're fairly confident forecasting a mid-single-digit growth for that business this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company.
Douglas Schenkel: So my first question is last quarter you mentioned some challenges in Southeast Asia and also some inspection-related delays that prompted you to take, I believe, about $10 million out of Q4 guidance. I may be off a little bit with that number, so please correct me if I'm wrong. But I'm just curious, how did that play out in Q4 and is there any related backlog to those dynamics that you would expect to be part of Q1?
Robert F. Friel: Right. So, I would say, I think we sort of indicated something in the $5 million to $10 million range. So I think $10 million was probably the upper range that we talked about. I would say, when we look back on '14, we clearly did not see the headwinds that we had expected. So, as Andy talked a little bit in his comments, emerging markets continue to do well. We grew double digits in emerging markets again. So maybe a little bit of an impact, but not significant. And with regard to the government shutdown, while we didn't get everything out that we expected, it wasn't a material impact to us. I would say, relative to the $5 million to $10 million impact that we were concerned about, we think it's probably in the $2 million to $3 million range to sort of what we didn't get out in Q4, and that sort of spills over Q1.
Frank A. Wilson: Okay. And specific to Asia Pacific, Southeast Asia, we did actually see that return to modest growth in the quarter, primarily from SEA [ph].
Douglas Schenkel: That's helpful. And then two of the more challenging areas for the company -- and I would say especially in the early part of 2013, were In Vivo and Medical Imaging. The silver lining there, as we look ahead to 2014, is that you have some favorable comps, especially early in the year. Could you just talk about how those businesses have been trending the past couple of quarters, maybe from a sequential standpoint, and how would you describe visibility on those businesses heading into the new year?
Robert F. Friel: So, first of all, let me take In Vivo and Imaging. And as Andy mentioned, that was solid double-digit growth in the fourth quarter. So, ever since Q1, we've seen a nice recovery in that business. And in fact, it's been accelerating on a sequential basis. So, actually, if you look at that business for the whole year, despite, as you know, a very significant decline in the first quarter, we still grew mid-single-digits. And looking forward, we think the pipeline looks strong. And clearly, with the NIH budget going up a little bit and the certainty around funding being available, we think that business should have a strong 2014. Medical Imaging was a little different situation, where, obviously we knew going into '13, it was going to have some difficult comps. And what we saw in the fourth quarter is Medical Imaging return to mid-single-digit growth. So that was great to see. As we go into '14, we've got a little bit of an issue in Q1 because of some ordering patterns. So we expect Medical Imaging to actually be down a little bit in Q1. But for the full year, it'll probably be growing in the mid- to high-single digits.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken with ISI Group.
Elizabeth Anderson: This is Elizabeth Anderson in for Ross Muken. I just had a question, in terms of you can give us an update. I know you've done a lot in terms of productivity enhancements in the past year, and restructuring and sort out what your -- a little bit more color on what your plans are for those areas in 2014.
Frank A. Wilson: Well, as I said in my prepared remarks, we're entering 2014 with about 100 basis points of margin expansion. It's a bit north of $20 million of cost. Some of this is the annualization of some of the restructuring activities with the second quarter. And we had completed the 3 major projects in '13, that we've been talking about over the last couple of years. I think as we look into '14, we obviously have leverage off the incremental volume. We also have a couple of the areas that we've talked about, that we're just beginning work on, which is really around our go-to-market strategy. And I think there are some real opportunities there, as well as our investment in indirect spend. We have consolidated all of our purchasing onto one ERP system. That affords us the ability to look across the corporation at our spend. And our indirect spend is actually almost the equivalent of our direct spend. So it's a fairly significant number, north of $400 million. And we believe that there's a lot of opportunity to consolidate vendors, really drive pricing, savings, as well as better terms. So not only should it help us on the bottom line, but it should also help us in working capital. So I think the combination of those with the volume leverage, we feel like we have, potentially, some additional upside. Those are the key areas we'll be focused on in '14.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg with Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg: So, Rob, I guess just starting off, what's your expectation, if you had to kind of lay it, what's your expectation for just kind of your underlying market growth? And what are kind of the key things that you'll be watching? It sounded like you mentioned blood screening, which I thought maybe would be more of a '15 event. You think you'll see some of that in 2014 in China or maybe just highlight some of the things that you think can get you growing a little bit faster than the market.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, first of all, I think you're right on the blood screening. And I mentioned from the standpoint is we continue to see the traction in the market. But I think you're going to see a significant ramp-up in '15. And I think that's largely probably being driven by funding than it is market dynamics. So I would say, when I think about the overall markets on a weighted basis, it's probably in the 3% to 3.5%. And I think we should be able to drive 150 basis points to 200 basis points additional growth this year, largely through our new product introductions. And as we've talked about, probably now for 4 or 5 quarters, we have been making a number of investments in the businesses. And we think '14 will be the year where you'll start to see some of that throughout the year. I mentioned a couple that have come out now; you'll see a couple more in the second quarter and then 1 or 2 in the second half of the year. But I think that's really going to be a significant contributor to our growth. As markets sort of recover here and probably don't get back to a full mid-single-digit growth from an end market perspective until probably the latter or middle part of this year.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Okay, that's helpful. And, Rob, as you and Andy sat down and thought about this year, obviously, if I just go back and look, in 2012 you had a lot of margin expansion. You made some investments in '13, and then the market didn't grow as expected and so it didn't work out. I'm just curious how you thought about maybe the next 3 years and kind of what your targets will be in terms of margin expansion and EPS growth. If that's kind of -- is it at all involved in your thinking about how much you want to spend this year, how much you want margins to expand this year?
Robert F. Friel: I mean, I think what we talk about, on a multiyear basis, of revenue growth starting off sort of mid-single-digits and obviously trying to drive that up further. Operating margin expansion in the sort of 75 basis points, plus or minus, range. And I think if we can get 5% top line growth, we should be able to grow the bottom line greater than 2x that. So think about a 12% to 15% EPS growth off of a mid-single digit organic growth. And as I mentioned in my prepared comments, none of that employ, considers any deployment of capital. And clearly, what we'd like to do is supplement that with anywhere in the sort of 2% to 4% of additional growth through business development or acquisition activity. So, again, when we think about 2017, I'd like to be able to look back and say, 8% compounded growth, sort of call it mid-teens EPS growth. And that would be comprised of 75 or so basis points of operating margin expansion.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Okay. So, just to be clear, that would kind of be on average over the year.
Robert F. Friel: Right.
Jonathan P. Groberg: So I was just curious, if like this year let's say you do 150 basis points because you had a tough year last year, right, and then do you still see a path for expanding margins in 2015 or do you get kind of this lumpiness or choppiness to the...
Robert F. Friel: No, no. I think we see a path every year. Again, with the revenue growth in mid-single-digits of getting a 75 basis point margin expansion. I think if you go back prior to '13, what you saw was something more, on average, north of 100. And I think that's because we were being a little bit more aggressive on the production side. And while Andy talked about some of the other activities we're focusing on this year, I think as we look forward, we think 75 basis points per year is probably a better average. But clearly, we'll continue to get operating margins expansion going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Knight with Janney Capital Markets.
Paul Richard Knight: Did we see the full effect of the facility consolidation in the fourth quarter, Rob?
Frank A. Wilson: This is Andy. But, no, we did not. We'll see a full impact to that in the first quarter of this year. There were still some carryover. And really there's no carryover expense. There is some remaining restructuring carryover that'll hit our cash flow, that'll go through '14. But from a profitability perspective and a return, that'll hit in the first quarter of this year.
Paul Richard Knight: What are the major things you want to get done on the environmental side to get that margin a little higher?
Robert F. Friel: I think it's a couple of things. First of all, obviously getting these new products out into the marketplace because they'll bring higher margins with it. I think when you look at our margin profile in Environmental, we've talked about it in the past, we've got to get more consumables or make consumables a higher percentage of our business. So, obviously changing the mix out a little bit. And then, as I also mentioned, driving sort of the informatics and software capabilities that we have into that business as well. And I think if we can do those things, and obviously get the top line growth, you'll see improved operating margin in that business.
Paul Richard Knight: And then last, Rob, I think all of us see a stacked up pipeline of diagnostic startups out there. Are you getting approached more and more for companies trying to leverage your distribution channel? What are the dynamics happening there?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think it's fair. As I mentioned, clearly there is an emphasis on earlier detection, right? And so, clearly our capabilities and our share in prenatal and newborn are very attractive. And so we do get good looks, particularly at some of the exciting new technologies. Because in many instances, and you're clearly see this on the NGS side, that some of the early adopters will be in that portion of diagnostics.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Bhalla with Citigroup.
Amit Bhalla: I wanted to just dig into two things on the guidance. I guess, first on the instruments side. Can you help us with what's the embedded instrument growth rates in guidance? And then just second, on mass spec, can you just help us with the supplier issues you've been having on the mass spec side? Just get us comfortable on the timing of the launch of new products there?
Frank A. Wilson: Sure. Within the guidance is an assumption of mid-single-digit growth. It's also mid-single-digit growth on the services side as well. And again, a lot of that's driven by the new products we've talked about, as well as just general market conditions.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. With regard to the mass spec, I think we feel better about the supplier issues, and so we continue to feel like it's a late Q1, early Q2 launch.
Amit Bhalla: And just a quick follow-up on the first quarter guidance. Andy, can you just go through, again, the hit to EPS in the first quarter? Obviously, the EPS was a little bit lower than we were expecting. And I was hoping you can just break apart the -- quantify the hits.
Frank A. Wilson: Sure. Well, I talked about some items at the beginning -- or at the end of my prepared remarks, rather -- and we had some compensation headwinds and some benefit funding that's really more first quarter specific. Some of the competition headwinds will continue through the year. That's a piece of it. As you realize, our comps in some cases is tied to the share price, and the share price has gone up. So that has created a headwind. And in addition we had a lower payout in '13 than we are currently assuming in '14. Currency for the year is minimal, top and bottom, but in the first quarter it's about $0.01 on the bottom line, and it's specifically the Japanese yen. We had very little expense in Japan to offset the revenue FX change. And then, really, the third thing is the mix of income. Because of customer ordering patterns, med imaging, as Rob mentioned, will be softer in the first quarter, as will informatics. And that's the third piece I think. All in, those 3 pieces are about $0.04 to $0.05 of headwind on the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro: So, on the bio pharma spending comments you had early. Can you just tell a little bit of color where you are part of portfolio you see the most benefit? And I'm just trying to get a better sense of how broad-based that is. We've obviously seen some of that elsewhere in the sector. And at the same time, you're seeing drug companies with some renewed pipeline productivity. So, trying to figure out how much of this is really secular versus maybe one-time in nature?
Robert F. Friel: So if you look at Q4 specifically -- let me start there. We saw it in Asia, we saw it in Europe, less so in the U.S. We believe, in Europe there was clearly a -- we got a benefit from some of the budget flush, I think. When we talked to customers there were some money available and I think they were spending that before the end of the year. However when we look forward and talk to our customers, I think the benefit we'll get going into '14 is clearly in the academic area. And that will benefit, obviously, the imaging area and some of the more capital-intensive products that we sell. And then I would say the other area, clearly, is in the informatics area. We continue to see nice order growth there, particularly in the fourth quarter we're strong. And as Andy said, while the first quarter will be a little slow, we do expect strong growth coming out of informatics. And a lot of that is going into the pharma markets.
Isaac Ro: That's helpful. And then just while you're talking to informatics, maybe to expand on that a little bit. We did see an acquisition of the one sort of independent publicly-traded company. And at the same time you've seen some active M&A with the other players in the NGS space. So maybe if you could just walk us through at a very big picture. You mentioned Spotfire, but across the entire portfolio of assets put together here, how do you guys look at your competitive advantage in informatics relative to some of these other companies who are now getting in?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say a couple of things. First of all, our approach in informatics is not to be necessarily focused on one type of technology or application and to be more sort of a platform. And so if you think about Spotfire, Spotfire is a visualization and analysis capability that ultimately we think will go into research, it'll go into environmental, it'll go into diagnostics. So I think that's, we believe, advantageous for us. And then, obviously, the other thing is because we have the underlying source of the data, so whether it's detection, whether it's informatics or whether it's some of our diagnostics screening tests, I think that provide us a significant advantage to better understand what the customer is trying to do. And again, it's the interaction or the inter-connectivity of having the detection and imaging, providing the informatics. And also through some of our service capabilities, understanding what our customers -- or the information and answers that our customers are trying to drive. So, again, you're already seeing a lot more activity in this, but I like our competitive advantages relative to the assets we have in informatics and also, again, the breadth of our capabilities.
Isaac Ro: Got it. It's very helpful. And then lastly, if I could sneak one in with Andy on the deployment of capital. You mentioned your guidance doesn't factor that in and you guys have obviously been pretty opportunistic on tuck-in M&A over the last couple of years. But can you maybe, today, refresh us on your rank order priority, uses of cash between M&A and maybe a small buyback? Just wondering why something like that wouldn't be on the table as well.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes. I think right now, we have said we're going to hold our share count flat. I think, obviously, we have the opportunity to do something different. We're still working with Moody's on our credit rating. So we've been on the negative watch. So hopefully that will get behind us at some point. But I think M&A is really our primary focus, it will continue to be. There's a number of, what I would consider, attractive bolt-on and tuck-in transaction, really, across the portfolio. Maybe a few more in human health. But I think that's really probably where you're going to see most of our capital deployment in '14, and actually in '15 as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Dan Arias with UBS.
Daniel Arias: Rob, any way you can help us with the contribution you expect from the Verinata collaboration for the year?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say, we -- as I said in the comments, we're -- I would say long-term we feel good about NIPT, right? And you can see the ramp-up in the coverage has been very good. The real question is how quickly the payers and the payment occurs. And one of the things that -- we look back even at our NTD business and the biochemical screening, and it does take a couple of years for that test to ramp up and to beget a sustainable reimbursement rate. So I think that's the question for us. It's being adopted. Its being sort of picked up by contract. But I still think it's going to take a little while before you'll see consistent, repeatable reimbursement.
Daniel Arias: Okay. And then maybe on the newborn side. What is the outlook for getting things going on the increases in the number of screening tests offered internationally? Do you think you can have some meaningful discussions there this year? And I guess, when do you think you could start seeing those menus begin to expand?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I mean, I think -- we're in those discussions now. And I think I mentioned a couple of weeks ago that we've seen an increase in China now. It's, on average, going from 2 to 4. There's actually some provinces that are doing 6. And we're actually in some discussions that are actually doing some things around mass spec. So we're clearly seen in China. I think in Europe we're quite excited. We just got the skits test that we deployed in the U.S., now CE marked. So we're in discussions with a number of countries there. So as we said in the past, these things never go as fast as we would like. But we are in a number of dialogues where we think we'll continue to see good movement on the menu expansion. And hopefully we'll see some, maybe, step moves here in 2014.
Daniel Arias: Okay. And then if I can sneak one more in, just on the informatics effort. To what extent do you think you can leverage OneSource as sort of a vehicle there, to make an impact with the accounts that, that business touches?
Robert F. Friel: I think OneSource is having and will continue to have an impact on that. And one of the clear synergies that we saw with, for example, CambridgeSoft is they had relationships with some companies where we weren't as significant on the OneSource side and vice versa. So I would say, over the last year, we've been averaging those. I think we've got good synergies on that. And now, with the Asset Genius and a couple of other products that we've evolved from the informatics side, I think we are seeing good traction. And we have a number of customers now where we're in beta test with some interesting informatics capabilities that sort of supplement what we do or complement what we do on the OneSource side.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson: So, actually kicking off the last one on OneSource. I mean, we saw the Merck news. Maybe just talk about visibility with that business and growth assumptions for this coming year in light of, obviously, some pipelines being rebuilt but obviously restructuring as well.
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, I would say OneSource continued to do well in the back half of '13 and had a good sort of mid-single-digit growth in the fourth quarter. And so while clearly you see some of the large pharmas, like Merck, restructuring. At the same time you're continuing to see other pharmaceutical companies recognize the benefits of outsourcing some of their noncore activities. In addition, even with our existing customers, as we mentioned, whether it's informatics or some of the other capabilities that we've developed, we continue to win new business with existing customers. So I think the combination of new customers starting to outsource more of their non-core work, as well as getting more business with existing customers, we still think OneSource can grow sort of mid- to maybe high single-digits in '14.
Tycho W. Peterson: Okay, that's helpful. And then, obviously, there's been a lot of focus on margins. But on the flip side, can you talk about where you're making incremental investments in '14 either channel-wise, in terms of -- you mentioned a pathology system. Do you need to do more there? And then, conversely, if you could talk on R&D, other priorities? At one point, I think it was mentioned, you can add an LC maybe to the ITT and how do you think about opportunities like that?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, so I would say, first of all, from an R&D perspective, we want to continue to keep our R&D at least at the same level as revenue, as a percentage of revenue, and maybe increase that a little bit. There are some technologies that we're focusing on to sort of expand our capabilities, particularly in the imaging area. You mentioned pathology. I think the exciting thing about the new product, the scanner, is it's being added to a growing range of what we would refer to as quantitative pathology solutions. So we now have a reagent of protocols for staining. We've got imaging instrumentation. We've got analysis software. So that's an area that we think will provide a nice growth. As you point out, we are investing in the channel there, bringing in some additional capabilities there. And I would say, incrementally, in some of the emerging markets, we're looking to add sales and distribution capabilities. So sort of at the next level now beyond the BRIC. So, South Africa, Turkey, some of the Middle East, some of the areas of Eastern Europe. So that's the area of where we're investing, where we see nice opportunities to grow.
Tycho W. Peterson: I guess, along those lines, you mentioned the China net opportunity, obviously, that's kind of 2015. But can you maybe help us think about whether you need to make investments there, what the size of that opportunity could be in the next couple of years. And then are there similar nat-based [ph] testing opportunities beyond China that you're going after?
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, in the China diagnostic area, that's an area where we have been investing fairly significantly, probably since the 2012 timeframe. I think we now have over 100 engineers in our Diagnostic business based in China. And so we'll continue to invest there. I think the opportunity for blood screening, longer-term, could be quite significant, probably in the $30 million to $40 million per year. That may take a couple of years to ramp up. But I think that's -- when you look at the amount of screening that's done in the U.S., the potential for China is could be quite significant. And then, of course, India, I think is another area where we think we want to leverage what we're doing in China and move that into some of the other emerging markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: So, we haven't really talked about sort of what the Caliper business has done. And I'm curious in terms of how the sample prep portion of it is done, the automation portion of it. And I guess, have you thought about what sort of the role is for the Caliper and some of the next generation seamless workflows over the next couple of years as a number of other players are sort of entering the market or people that actually sell equipment are starting to launch their own prep systems.
Robert F. Friel: So let me start off with the first question. So if you look at Q4 specifically, the Caliper businesses all did very well. I mentioned In Vivo, Microfluidics had a good quarter and the liquid handling portion associated with NGS. I think they all were probably high single, low double. If you look at the year, probably a little disappointing relative to the original model. But I think a large reason for that is just because, obviously, when we bought Caliper, we did not assume we were going to see the academic funding issues that we saw, particularly in the first part or the first half of 2013. But overall, if you look at a couple of years, I think we feel good about the returns and we feel good about the traction we're getting in the marketplace. And probably most importantly, the synergies that we've been able to drive by taking some of the Caliper products and combining it to what we've done historically at PerkinElmer. So I think we feel good. Going forward, again, the Microfluidics work, we continue to move that into other applications. So we've got an interesting product coming out probably a month that'll be more focused in the diagnostic area and to leverage what we do, obviously, in that area. I mentioned the fact that In Vivo was strong, and I think you're going to see a good pipeline in that in 2014. And we continue to believe there's an opportunity in Next Gen sequencing sample prep at the sort of higher volume end. And I think that's clearly where we see the opportunity continue to play and continue to work the synergies with that in our informatics back end.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. It sounds like you're going to do -- whatever your M&A strategy is, a lot of is going to be focused on the Human Health side of the business. And obviously the Human Health side of the business is where a lot more of a more robust growth opportunities are. I guess, does it make sense to sort of contemplate maybe divesting some of the Environmental Health businesses and maybe making it as a pure-play on Human Health? I guess, I'm thinking about -- how do you think about strategy of the company going forward?
Robert F. Friel: So, first of all, I just want to say, while I think Andy mentioned that there's sort of a bias in Human Health, there are a number of opportunities we're looking in the Environmental Health area. Because we think, particularly in the area of, let's say, air monitoring and food, there are some nice growth areas there. And we think we've got some good capabilities to pursue those. That's one. The second thing is, increasingly, when we look at the core capabilities of PerkinElmer, like informatics, like imaging and some of the other things we do, we see applicability, both -- across both areas, Environmental and Human Health. So I would say unlikely that you would see a situation where we would split. If anything, we'd like to great greater synergies across the businesses. So when you think about the new mass spec coming out, that's going to have applicability in the environmental end markets, but we ultimately would like to see that also going to the Human Health. So the core capabilities around detection, imaging and informatics has applicability across -- whether its research, diagnostics and environmental. And I think, over time, you're going to see us continue to leverage that and gets benefits from the broader market opportunities.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And just one housekeeping question. Andy, the $12.6 million other expense net item, is that just debt extinguishment cost?
Frank A. Wilson: It is. It's a make-whole.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray.
David C. Clair: It's actually Dave Clair in for Bill. Sorry, I missed the first part of the call. I'm not sure if you addressed this already. But I was just curious, if you could give us an update on Japan. Are you seeing any impact from the stimulus over there?
Robert F. Friel: So Japan has continued to improve sequentially since the first quarter. And I would say, slight benefit. We do you think in 2014, we'll see a more of an impact from that. But Japan, I think for the year, is in the low to mid-single-digit growth. And again, given the difficult first quarter, that was pretty good improvement.
David C. Clair: Okay. And Andy, thanks for the color on operating margin. I was curious if you could talk about how you're looking at gross margin in 2014.
Frank A. Wilson: Well, I think we've said all along that we feel like we can get almost an equivalent amount on the gross margin, on the operating margin. If you look at the initiatives that we had last year, the move to Asia, primarily Singapore and China, was really to drive supply chain savings. There are some labor arbitrage. That we will see, I think, ramp over time, as we build out the supply chain there. So it's still early days. So I think that the mix going into the year will be probably a little more skewed towards the SG&A side than on the gross margin side, but we should see improvement in both. And I think that gross margin will start to ramp up as we start to really make progress on the product side.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I mean, the one thing we mentioned in gross margin, and we spec this out in the prepared remarks, is the investment in informatics goes into gross margin. So while Andy talked about the productivity savings we're seeing, and we do expect to see gross margin improvement in 2014. That has a little bit of an offset as we continue to build-out, and that will be an area of investment in informatics. That does cause a little bit of an offset to what otherwise would be, I think, fairly significant gross margin expansion in '14.
Frank A. Wilson: That's right. The accounting treatment does put it into cost of goods versus -- traditionally it would be put in R&D or SG&A.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Criscuolo with Mizuho.
Eric Criscuolo: Just filling in for Peter. Did you see, I guess, toward the end of the quarter and maybe even the first couple of weeks of 2014, did you see any increase in U.S. health care utilization rates?
Robert F. Friel: No. I mean, that'll be probably be difficult for us to see it based on the newborn or prenatal area. But I would say no, nothing that I would say would be significant.
Eric Criscuolo: Okay. And then, given the term -- while it's kind of happening right now in various emerging markets, whether it be maybe in Europe or Southeast Asia. Has that kind of changed your outlook in any ways or are you baking in any more risk in those markets in 2014?
Robert F. Friel: I think we're monitoring it. But if we look at Q4, as I mentioned, it continued to do well, and the ordering pattern, at least in the sort of pipeline and discussions with customers. At least in the areas where we're focused, which is fundamentally Environmental Health Care we're not seeing that. But it is something we're keeping a watchful eye. I think we mentioned in the prior call that, obviously, when you see the currency devaluations that you've seen in a number of these countries, that the initial impact of that is products that are based fundamentally in dollars become significantly more expensive. And we have seen a couple of countries, obviously, Turkey and, et cetera, that have taken fairly aggressive actions from interest rate to try and offset that. But that is something we're keeping a careful eye on. But I would say that up to this point, we haven't seen anything that it indicates that its impacting our business directly.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes, I think part of that is due to the product set, the offering that we bring over there. And if you think about diagnostics and environmental tools, I mean, those are kind of critical needs right now within emerging markets. So as far as prioritization, we feel a little better about their ability to prioritize that spend maybe versus others. But we'll continue to monitor it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Elliott with William (sic) [Robert] W Baird.
Jeffrey T. Elliott: Just looking at the free cash flow commentary. Can you be more specific on what you're looking for in terms of free cash flow or cash flow from operations in 2014. And then can you give us some color on the metric business? Could you update us on the size of that business and what you're seeing for growth there?
Frank A. Wilson: Sure. Why don't I take the first question, and Rob will take the second question. On free cash flow, we always try to shoot for 100% of net income. We've obviously made some investments as a part of our productivity initiatives and working capital, as well as with some of our informatics. And I think that has impacted our cash flow. But I think those are behind us. I think I said in my prepared remark, we have about $87 million of cost in the year that we won't see next year. So I think we're going to be in that solid 90% free cash flow to net income range. In 2014, I think the difference will be our ability to generate more working capital improvement to get to 100%. But we still have some restructuring that is a carryover from some of the productivity initiatives we had in '13 that will dampen that a bit. But I think, if you look at operating cash flow, we talked about close to $160 million. We're looking at closer to $300 million going into 2014, it's operating, not for EBIT. A fairly significant improvement year-over-year.
Robert F. Friel: Let me just talk little bit about the Radiometric Detection business and the Radio Chemical business. So the Radiometric Detection business actually had a good fourth quarter. It's been fairly lumpy, obviously we had some issues in the first quarter. I think that's a business that can probably be flat to down slightly. We continue to come out with -- in 2014, potentially a refresh of that product line, and so we'll have some expectations. The Radiochemical business continues to be down in the sort of mid-to high-single digits. Again, we've seen that slow down a little bit. But our expectations for '14 that, that will continue to be a headwind relative to the growth of the Research business.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby: Two quick questions for you. First, just a housekeeping. Andy, the Service business, did you mention how much that grew in the quarter itself?
Frank A. Wilson: Mid-single-digits. I don't think I did mention it, but it grew mid-single-digit.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And then secondly, I was just wondering if you can provide a bit more color within the diagnostic business, both in the quarter and kind of looking to 2014, as it relates to growth in the newborn business versus growth in the Infectious Diseases.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So both of them, I think, should have strong growth in 2014. So if you look at the newborn business we're anticipating. That's probably going to be in the high single-digit growth. And it's fundamentally -- the couple of drivers that I mentioned about before, we're going to -- we expect to see continued adoption in some of the countries, and we expect to see menu expansion. The other thing is, if you look in China in 2013, births were down about 15%. And what caused that phenomena is, in 2012, you had the Year of the Dragon. And in 2013, you had the year of the Snake. And so what we expected is, in China, you'll see a rebound of births to a positive number. And again, that should be a contributor. And then of course, of the last aspect of it -- although we don't think it's going to be huge driver is, obviously, the relaxing of the one child policy in China will also be a contributor. In the case of infectious disease, that's a business that's consistently grown in the sort of high-teens to over 20% for us. And we would say, we think that's going to continue to be a strong grower. It may moderate a little bit. But I think it's still going to be something in the sort of mid- to high-teens growth for us.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Rob Friel. Please proceed, sir.
Robert F. Friel: Okay, great. Well, first of all, thank you for your questions. So let me, in closing, just say we entered 2014 optimistic about our end markets and enthusiastic about our capabilities. We look forward to leveraging opportunities this year to deliver differentiated value to both our customers and our shareholders. Thank you for your continued interest in PerkinElmer and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third quarter PerkinElmer earnings conference call. My name is Philip and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Tommy Thomas: Thank you, Philip. Good afternoon, and welcome to the PerkinElmer's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until November 13, 2013. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any day after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that PerkinElmer achieved a very good performance in the third quarter. Despite a tough prior period comparison, we were able to deliver organic revenue growth of 2%, which was at the high end of our guidance. Also during the quarter, we expanded adjusted operating margins by 30 basis points and grew adjusted earnings per share by 9% to $0.49, $0.01 better than the top end of our guidance. With regard to our end-market conditions, we did not experience a significant change from trends we saw in Q2. In the pharma biotech research market, we continued to experience high single-digit growth, aided by our informatics and service offerings. In clinical screening and infectious disease, the markets grew mid-single digits, as birthrates in the U.S. continue to grow low single digits and demand remains strong in China. Both the Environmental and Safety and Industrial markets grew low-single digits during the third quarter, while our academic market was down mid-single digits as budget pressures continued to dampen demand. Geographically, we saw sequential improvement in the Americas, particularly in the Environmental and Research markets. However, in Southeast Asia, growth is slowing as a result of delayed capital investments into mostly the industrial end markets, as many countries such as India, are facing currency devaluation. Despite this uneven macroeconomic environment, we made good progress in areas we can control, including delivering margin expansion and productivity gains during the quarter. We successfully completed several manufacturing moves into Singapore and China, consolidated some of the legacy Caliper sites into a newly-opened center for innovation and ramped up the functionality of our customer relationship center in Krakw, Poland. As you recall, we took these actions to further simplify and rationalize our global manufacturing footprint, improve our R&D efficiencies and reduce our back-office expenses. In addition, we made good progress on our growth investments across our key end markets during the quarter. We significantly expanded our relationship with TIBCO for the Spotfire software product, a year after launching our successful collaboration, which brought the power of the Spotfire analytics platform to the global research community, our offering now positions PerkinElmer as the exclusive channel for Spotfire in clinical development and translational medicine. PerkinElmer is now a single provider of informatics and data visualization tools to all functions of life science companies, from early-stage discovery through development, sales, marketing and manufacturing. In Diagnostics, we made good headway in expanding our offerings into niche areas and new markets. For example, we saw tangible demand and a very strong tender win rate for nucleic acid test screens from our Haoyuan acquisition in China. As a reminder, the Chinese government has announced that it will mandate these screens for blood testing starting in 2015. In the food market, later this week at the International Dairy Show in Chicago, we will launch the DairyGuard Milk Powder Analyzer, the first in our new food guard platform series that leverages our frontier FTIR and proprietary algorithms specifically developed for food suppliers and manufacturers. The DairyGuard will be the only system available that tests for unknown adulterants in milk powder to help customers avoid product safety issues and protect their brand image. These investments in growth, combined with others we have discussed previously, plus the excellent momentum we are experiencing with many of our key customers, reinforces our confidence that we can return to mid-single digit organic growth in 2014. Turning to our outlook for the remainder of the year, we are forecasting that Q4 organic revenue growth will be similar to what we experienced in the third quarter. While revenue growth comparisons to last year become easier this quarter, we believe it is prudent to guide conservatively, given the current conditions in several of our markets and the potential for some impact from the U.S. government shutdown that may result in revenue shifting out of the quarter. Despite guiding to lower-single-digit organic growth, we believe we can still deliver significant adjusted operating margin improvement in the quarter of greater than 50 basis points, given the positive impact of the productivity actions I previously discussed. With regard to adjusted EPS guidance for the year, we are increasing the bottom end of our previous range by $0.01 to reflect the third quarter b and reducing the top end of the range by $0.03 due to the revenue risks I've noted. This results in our full year adjusted EPS guidance changing to $2.04 to $2.07, from our previous guidance of $2.03 to $2.10. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy to share more details on our results.
Frank A. Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone, and a special good afternoon to everyone in Red Sox nation. Consistent with prior quarters, I'll provide some additional color on our end markets, a financial summary of our third quarter results and details around our fourth quarter guidance. Then we'll open up the call for questions. As Rob mentioned earlier, we were very encouraged by our performance in the third quarter as both adjusted and organic revenue came in at the top end of our guidance range. Reported revenue increased by 3%, while adjusted revenue and organic revenue both increased by 2%. Adjusted revenue for the quarter was $525.1 million as compared to $514.8 million in the third quarter of 2012. We experienced 4% organic revenue growth in our Environmental Health business, while our Human Health business was flat, primarily due to a difficult comparison to the same period last year. Looking at our geographical results. Organic revenue increased mid-single digits in the Americas, low-single digits in Asia and declined low-single digits in Europe. We are once again pleased with our performance in China as organic revenue increased low double digits despite our most difficult year-over-year comparison of more than 30%. We remain encouraged by the strength and resiliency of the demand for our key Environmental and Diagnostics offerings in China, which help address critical needs in that part of the world. Looking at organic revenue growth by product category. Recurring revenue, which includes reagents, consumables and service, grew high-single digits in the quarter, primarily as a result of continued strength in our OneSource Laboratory Service business and the success of our informatics offerings. Organic revenue for our instrument and components offerings was down mid-single digit in the quarter, primarily a result of prior-year comparison headwinds at our Medical Imaging business. From an end market perspective, our Human Health business represented approximately 56% of reported revenue in the quarter. We serve 2 end markets in Human Health: Diagnostics, which represented 27% of reported revenue; and Research, which represented 29% of reported revenue. Organic revenue from our Diagnostics business declined low single digits during the third quarter, primarily impacted by the previously mentioned decline in our Medical Imaging business. Excluding Medical Imaging, our Diagnostics business grew mid single digits in the quarter. We continue to benefit from positive U.S. birthrates and the expansion of our newborn screening solutions in key regions outside the U S. We are particularly pleased with our SYM-BIO infectious disease diagnostic offerings in China, once again delivering organic revenue growth in the mid-teens, as well as the ongoing newborn screening uptake in Asia, which saw organic revenue growth of more than 30%. As we forecasted on our last earnings call, our Medical Imaging business faced significant headwinds in the quarter with organic revenues declining high-teens, a result of customer ordering patterns and high-teens comparisons versus the same period last year. We did, however, continued to see good acceptance of our CMOS offering in the marketplace, as evidenced by 2 new industrial product design wins for nondestructive testing applications. For the quarter, CMOS organic revenue grew by more than 20%. Our Research business delivered low single digit organic revenue growth in the third quarter versus the comparable period in 2012. Despite ongoing funding challenges, we experienced solid demand in our In Vivo business, as well as in our informatics offerings, which were notable standouts in the quarter, particularly in the U.S. During the quarter, as Rob mentioned, we completed the construction of our new center for innovation located in Hopkinton, Massachusetts. The recent opening of this state-of-the-art facility represents the culmination of our manufacturing and R&D consolidation activities, which began in 2012. This initiative has resulted in the closure of 5 facilities and has afforded us the opportunity to better leverage our manufacturing operations, as well as more effectively focus our R&D efforts across the company. Moving to Environmental Health, which represents -- the business represented 44% of reported revenue in the third quarter. We serve 3 end markets: Laboratory Services, which represented 19% of reported revenue; Environmental Safety, which represented 17% of reported revenue; and Industrial, which represented 8% of reported revenue. During the quarter we experienced mid single digit organic revenue growth in our Laboratory Services business and low single digit organic revenue growth in both our Industrial and Environmental and Safety businesses. We are pleased with the organic revenue growth in the third quarter. And while customers continue to be cautious with their capital spending, we continue to be encouraged by strong order demand in China. We experienced another solid quarter of organic revenue growth in our Laboratory Services business, as we help our lab customers better manage their critical laboratory assets and related data needs. Our OneSource business saw a robust revenue growth, driven by an expansion of services within several major pharmaceutical companies during the quarter. Turning to our margin performance in the period. Adjusted gross margins were 47.4% as compared to 48.3% in the third quarter of 2012. While currency was a headwind in the quarter, the decline in gross margin is primarily due to 3 factors: First, we incurred one-time costs related to the closure of 2 additional facilities we highlighted in Q2, in conjunction with the establishment of our center of innovation. As mentioned earlier, this effort is now largely complete and we expect gross margin savings in the fourth quarter as a result. Second, within informatics, we deployed investments supporting our rollout of Spotfire into a number of new channels. And third, we continue to face product mix headwinds and modest pricing pressures in our environmental business, primarily focused in emerging markets. Adjusting operating margins in the third quarter were 15.5% as compared to 15.2% in the comparable period a year ago. Restructuring efforts and operating expense controls enabled us to offset the lower adjusted gross margins just mentioned. By segment, adjusted operating margins in our Human Health business increased approximately 80 basis points to 22.4% as compared to 21.6% in the third quarter of 2012. The increase was primarily the result of positive product mix and operating expense controls. In our Environmental Health business, adjusted operating margins declined approximately 60 basis points to 10.6% as compared to 11.2% in the third quarter of 2012. This decrease was the result of price and product mix headwinds just mentioned. GAAP operating income from continuing operations was $57.2 million in the third quarter of 2013 versus $43.2 million in the same period a year ago. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the third quarter of 2013 was $0.36 compared to $0.25 in the third quarter last year. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.49 in the third quarter of 2013, $0.02 above the midpoint of our guidance range. On a non-GAAP basis, our adjusted tax rate was approximately 19%. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the third quarter with approximately $900 million of debt and approximately $130 million of cash. We exited the quarter with a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.4x and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.1x. Looking at our cash flow performance year-to-date, adjusted operating cash flow from continuing operations was $161.8 million, up 8% as compared to $150.3 million in 2012. Adjusted operating cash flows are expected to continue to improve in Q4, primarily the result of lower working capital needs. Turning to our Q4 of 2013 guidance. As Rob mentioned, there continues to be headwinds across many of our end markets. And as a result of these headwinds, we believe it's prudent and appropriate to be conservative in our outlook. There are 2 specific areas that I'd like to discuss further. First, we are forecasting a softer performance in certain emerging markets, where we experienced a modest slowing in the third quarter this year. We believe recent currency fluctuations in certain geographies, including India and Southeast Asia, have dampened capital spending in these regions and we believe these markets will continue to moderate. Secondly, a large majority of our highly sensitive instruments are shipped overseas and require the issuance of government export licenses. As the recent government shutdown has directly impacted this area, we are currently waiting for the government to work through this backlog but expect the delay to have an impact on fourth quarter revenues. We also expect the total revenue impact of these initiatives to be in the range of $10 million to $12 million in the fourth quarter. And as a result, we expect adjusted revenue for the fourth quarter to be in the range of $582 million to $592 million, which assumes low single-digit organic revenue growth. Regarding adjusted operating margins, despite the impact from the revenue headwinds mentioned above, we estimate adjusted operating margins will improve in the range of 60 to 80 basis points for the fourth quarter. Our Q4 and full year adjusted tax rate is expected to be 21% and our weighted average diluted share count for the year is assumed to be approximately 113 million shares. We expect interest and other expense to be approximately $12.5 million in the fourth quarter. So based on these assumptions, we now expect our Q4 adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.68 to $0.71. This concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, at this time, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray.
David C. Clair: It's actually Dave Clair in for Bill. I guess the first one for me, it sounds like the In Vivo business is going pretty well for you guys. What's behind the growth there and what's your outlook going forward?
Robert F. Friel: So yes, as you point out, In Vivo grew probably mid single digits in the quarter. And going back to the first quarter of this year, where we -- there were some delays in the ordering pattern there, we think we're catching up in Q2 and Q3. We saw a very strong growth in the U.S. and I think that was -- we're starting to see some of the funds that have been tied up in sequestration being released. So like I said, we saw very strong growth in the U.S. And I think that's what's driving some of the growth in this quarter. But fundamentally, I think this is a good product and I think it's an attractive market. And I think we continue to believe that this is a product that probably grows high single digits once we get through some of the issues with the sequestration.
David C. Clair: Okay, great. And then can you give us an update on the AxION iQT launch? How is that going and is that hitting internal expectations?
Robert F. Friel: So we continue to be very excited about the iQT offering as well as the longer-term opportunities, we see to leverage the platform. It continues to garner a lot of interest and we remain encouraged by the current interest levels from both customers and KOLs. We purposely have a little bit of a minor delay due to -- attributable to some supplier issues and have used that time to build out our application support for several key market segments that have been identified based on customer feedback. The delay will have a minimal impact on our Q4 revenue. But again, because of some supplier issues, it's been pushed back a short period of time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken from ISI Group.
Ross Muken: On the panel business, I mean, the weakness was expected rather than you guys highlighted last call. I admit it, my memory serves me poorly but I thought we were supposed to get -- I thought that was more of a timing issue than something related to demand. And so as we look at the 4Q assumption, do we get some of that back? Is that a 2014 revenue line now? I'm just trying to get a sense for the sequential...
Robert F. Friel: So specifically in the Q3, it was really a year-over-year comp issue. I think we talked about this before based on some ordering patterns. Our customers ordered a lot of panels in 2012. As we think about Q4 now, we think this business returns to probably mid single digit growth. And as we go out into '14, we think that level may be even a little better than that. So it returns to a more normal growth rate, where we think it's sort of a mid to high single digit growth business. But again, Q3 was driven more by ordering patterns in 2012 that caused the decline, or drove a lot of the decline in Q3.
Ross Muken: Okay. So I guess just mathematically, by that going from a high-teens decline or to a -- to growth, it's got a pretty upward impact on organic. I guess I'm just trying to see what the delta is. I mean, the comp sequentially is not tougher. So I'm just trying to get a sense for how much kind of conservatism you're putting into the revenue forecast, just based on all the uncertainty. I know you called out some of the delays. It's just the first time we've heard of that. So I'm just trying to figure out how much is you sort of assuming stuff doesn't get shipped because you don't have the export licenses plus some of the shutdown on the consumable side, plus anything else in the emerging markets versus sort of some of this we're getting back. I'm just trying to tease out...
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I would say, relative to our original forecast at Q4, about half of that is attributable to -- and again, this is -- we're trying to estimate this based on the backlog that's at the government export license right now. But we think that could be sort of half of the issue. And we think the other half is potentially just some slowing in the selective emerging markets, as Andy talked to. It's really just a couple of the areas in Southeast Asia, where we believe that we've seen a fairly dramatic devaluation of their currency and at least we're seeing some impact there in the industrial end markets. So again, probably $5 million there and probably $5 million potential risk associated with the government licenses. And again, you hadn't heard about it before because it's never been an issue. I mean, this is something that generally works well. But I think because of the shutdown of the government, we're stacking up against a relatively tight timeframe to get this stuff out.
Ross Muken: No, that's appreciated. And maybe for Andy, on the margins, you've done quite well relative to what's been a tough top line or tougher than an average year. How does -- sort of the progression we've had so far this year, how does it make you think about your multiyear targets? Do you still feel good about where that is? Is it more a top line dependent now? I'm just trying to get a sense for -- have you sort of back solved with costs for your multiyear plan or maybe the revenue outlook kind of puts a little bit of a question mark next to it?
Frank A. Wilson: Ross, I think we've always said that in order to achieve our 4-year goals, we really needed mid single-digit organic growth. So I think when we don't get that, it makes it much more difficult. But if I step back and look at what we've done to-date, I think we've made great progress on the initiatives we've talked about over the last several years, I think certainly the last several quarters. We may have been a little bit late with the center of innovation at Hopkinton, but it is now up and running. And I think we're going to start see good savings from that. I think Project Rabbit [ph] continues to ramp as we try to get supply chain savings. This is our name for the movement of the manufacturing over to Asia. And then on the operating expense side, we should be completely moved in to Krakow by the end of this year, so we will have all of our European back-office operations basically domiciled now in Krakow. So there's a number of savings opportunities that are now getting close to or are already completed. So I think, structurally, we're going to have a very good position. I think we still need that organic growth to drive significant leverage on that, but I feel very good about where we are today with those initiatives.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Paul Knight with Janney Capital Markets.
Paul Richard Knight: Hi, Rob. Could you point to -- what was it chromatography, spectroscopy, what end markets as well on the Environmental Health side? Does it continue to be what a shallow recovery and weak or -- what exactly was it?
Robert F. Friel: So Paul, actually, when you look at it from a technology perspective, the 4% growth in the third quarter, it was fairly broad-based. So whether it was chromatography, Metcar or inorganic, we saw similar levels of growth, call it sort of low to mid single digit growth across the entire product portfolio. So we were pleased to see that. Andy mentioned the fact that OneSource continued to do well. If you look at it geographically, what you see is good growth in the Americas, again sort of mid single digits, a slight decline in Europe, sort of low single digits, and continued strong penetration in China. So in the Environmental area, China again was sort of north of 20%.
Paul Richard Knight: And then on the facility consolidation, could you go over that again? I mean, you've said it's 5 facilities, I think it was less than that when you spoke to it a year ago or so. And did it start just recently or at the beginning of the quarter? When was the exact timing you expect to see benefit from that?
Robert F. Friel: Right. So our initial plan was to consolidate 3 facilities, one of them in Canada, 2 of those in the West Coast into Hopkinton. And then in Q2, particularly post Q1 when we saw a revenue growth lower than we anticipated, we made the decision to put 2 additional facilities in the Hopkinton. And again, Andy alluded to the little bit of pressure on the gross margin in this quarter, getting that completed. Those are now done. Last week, we actually kicked off the opening of the Hopkinton Center. And as Andy said, it's a workplace facility and we're quite excited about it. So our expectation is we'll start to see benefits in Q4. It is to some extent why you're seeing, or at least we're forecasting, greater than 50 basis points of operating margin expansion despite guiding to low single digit growth. So some of those productivity savings that we've been talking about over the last couple quarters, we expect to start seeing in Q4 and obviously as we get into 2014.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel from Cowen and Company.
Douglas Schenkel: My first question is -- and I apologize if I missed this in your prepared remarks. Did you talk about growth in Japan and specifically how stimulus is impacting your performance in that geography? And how should we think about the outlook from here related to stimulus?
Robert F. Friel: So we didn't talk about Japan specifically, but Japan in the quarter grew across the company low single digits. I think it was around 3%. And I think we're starting to see some benefit from the stimulus, but it's not a significant driver to the growth at this point. We hope, as we get -- sort of probably into '14 is where we'll hope to see more of an impact for that. And I would say, our expectation continues to be in sort of low to mid single digits, maybe increasing a little bit as we get into '14, as we get -- as I said, some of the benefits of participating in the additional funding being provided by the government. So I think since Q1, we've continued to see sequential improvement in Japan and I think that will continue for the next couple of quarters.
Douglas Schenkel: Great. That's helpful. And during the quarter, Merck announced plans to rationalize some of their R&D efforts. I believe Merck's a customer of yours. I can see where this would be potentially a threat to revenues. I can also see where this would be really good opportunity for you to go in and work with them as they work through this process. Could you just help us understand how we should think about either this announcement specifically or more broadly, whether the things like this are really a threat or really an opportunity for you?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, first of all, whenever one of our customers or sort of a group of companies announces a restructuring, it can be difficult for a number of constituents. However, as you sort of point out, if you think about the logic and the rationale for these types of announcements, it's all around becoming more efficient in how they run their R&D facilities. And that really sort of plays into the strategy of not only OneSource, but real -- our emphasis in informatics. And as you point out, while specific to certain customers, there may be some minor impacts. But quite frankly, that's offset by other outsourcing opportunities around relocation, scientific services and asset management, sort of more than offsets that. But when we think about the opportunity to penetrate more pharmaceutical companies with our OneSource and informatics offerings, we think this provides a tremendous opportunity. And we talked about the fact that OneSource had a nice growth in Q3. And so the dialogue now around driving productivity in the pharma and biotech markets, being somewhat necessitated by the restructuring actions, is really driving great demand, again, not only for OneSource but as our informatics capabilities are being deployed into OneSource to enable customers to better understand the capital purchases they need to make and the utilization of their assets within their labs, I think it's just going to create a great opportunity to further penetrate what we think is probably a $1.5 billion to $2 billion market opportunity, where we're just scratching the surface right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla with Citigroup.
Nicholas Nohling: This is Nick Nohling in for Amit today. First off, could you talk a little bit just about trends in emerging markets. I mean, it seems coming into the quarter, you were a little bit more cautious on the emerging markets in the second half. And it seems like pretty much your market performance is pretty good in the quarter, but you did cite some moving parts there. So what's going to lead to the slowdown? Is China going to be as strong also to offset some of these other EM government regulation concerns?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So first of all, to clarify, we continue to see good growth. And emerging markets, generally speaking, specifically and China did well and Brazil did well. I think our comments were really talking about a subset of those countries, particularly where there's been -- at least our belief, has been influenced by currency devaluations. So I think a good example is India, where the rupee is down double digits over the last couple quarters. And of course as a local company buying product that's dollar based, that's dramatically increasing the price of those products. And so we're seeing, in Southeast Asia and in India, specifically, slowing demand where historically that's been sort of a solid mid-teens grower, and that's moderating into sort of mid to high single digits. And so that's where we're just sort of teeing up as a little concerning. It's -- 1 point doesn't make a trend. But as we go into Q4, we're concerned that we're not going to see a moderation of the currency pressure and therefore, that's going to continue to put pressure on capital purchases, and like I said, particularly in the industrial markets where there's maybe some more flexibility in deferring them, those purchases for maybe 1 or 2 quarters. We don't think this is necessarily a longer-term trend, but it's just something that we have identified. But again, to reinforce, in places like China and Brazil, we continue to see very good strength.
Nicholas Nohling: Okay, great. And then when you think about 2014, you are confident that you can get back up to mid single digit growth, what are the businesses that you look at to see the inflection point that's going to get the overall company to get back into that mid single digit? Is it a turnaround in the industrial business? Where is the focus points to where the business is going to turn?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, when we talk about mid single digit growth for '14, the assumption is that the fundamental end markets are not going to change significantly. And so what's going to make the difference to a large sense is either comps in our business and, particularly, where we talk about Medical Imaging. So when I was discussing with Ross earlier, if you look at 2012, we had a very strong growth in Medical Imaging, clearly greater than the market. And in hindsight, it was really probably some ordering patterns that our customer, maybe sort of built some inventory. And we had to sort of burn that off in '13. So Medical Imaging will probably not grow in '13. And going into '14, we think we'll have that inventory burned off, and you'll see sort of normal market growth of sort of mid to high single digits. So that's an indication where it's more unique to our business rather than market. And then I think the other areas are largely driven by new product introductions or fundamental changes in the businesses that we think can -- should allow us to get to more of a mid single digit organic growth.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Dan Arias from UBS.
Daniel Arias: Rob, can you elaborate a bit on Europe? How did the orders pace through the quarter? And I guess, given where you left off in September, what are you thinking for 4Q there? I think comps get a little bit easier year-over-year.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So when we look -- and I would say this is true not only of Europe but we didn't see a significant change in ordering patterns really through the quarter relative to, let's say, period periods -- previous periods. So consequently, our view is that Europe in Q4 looks probably fairly similar to Q3. And for us, it was sort of slightly down, down low single digits. So that's our assumption. In fact, when we look at Q4 generally from a geographic perspective, our assumption is, it really looks very similar to Q3. So Europe down slightly, America is in the sort of low- to mid-single digits and Asia probably more mid single digits.
Daniel Arias: Okay. And when we think about your assumption that the end market conditions next year are unchanged, should we think about the natural improvement in the business that you would get just from macroeconomic conditions being slightly better on, say, GDP, view as serving as an offset to something on the Human Health side? Or would be upside? Just sort of where your expectation's were...
Robert F. Friel: No. I would say right now, if there was a better GDP growth in 2014, I think that probably would be more -- I would think of that more of upside, than I would as sort of offsetting concerns in other parts of the business.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of -- from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard: Andy, could you quantify the 3 factors that contributed to the gross margin pressure in the third quarter? And then as we'd look into the fourth quarter margin ramp, what are some of the puts and takes between mix, restructuring and otherwise that gives you confidence in the uptick, sequentially?
Frank A. Wilson: Yes, of the 3 items I would say the first 2 I mentioned, which is really around investments as we opened up the center of innovation. And the second one...
Robert F. Friel: The informatics.
Frank A. Wilson: The informatics, I would say that's probably about a little less than half of the impact. And I would say the remainder of that would have been the margin headwinds, the mix headwinds in emerging -- in the Environmental Health. So that's the way I would split it. I think if you look at the fourth quarter, we are going to start to see an improvement in the gross margins because we've now completed the Hopkinton transition. We also have completed, as I spoke before, the transition to Asia, which provides us with some savings also on the margin side as we optimize our supply chain. And then there were some minor restructuring that will also help us in the fourth quarter. So I see -- there could be some continued pressures within Environmental Health but I think we'll be able to offset some of those, one, by not having to spend in the fourth quarter, but two, we're starting to realize the savings of those initiatives that we have completed.
Daniel Arias: And then on the cash flow front, pretty nice progress on the DSO side but still only about 70% free cash flow conversion. How should we think about that metric as we look out into '14? And was there also a divestiture benefit in the investing cash flow line as well?
Frank A. Wilson: It was. It was a small -- it was the divestiture at an Asian facility but it was single-digit, $1.5 million. The way to look at I think cash flow going forward is, certainly in the last 2 or 3 quarters, we've seen a buildup of inventory. As we started to do consolidation activities around the manufacturing facilities, we've had to had duplicative levels of inventory. I think you'll start to see those bleed down in the fourth quarter. I think you'll also start to see those improve as we get through the year. I think on the DSO side and the receivables side, that continues to be a challenge. We have -- I think have made good progress against our aging, but we have a lot of customers that are putting additional pressure on stretching those receivables out. So we continue to have to manage that. But I think all-in, I think we should start to see more of a normalization of that working capital and I think that will eventually end up allowing us to get closer to that 1:1 conversion of net income to free cash flow, but we have a ways to go to get there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson: Rob, I wanted to go back to the comments you made earlier on OneSource. It sounds like you're getting good traction there. Can you just talk to the degree that this is going deeper with existing customers? Or are these competitive wins? And then to what degree are you bundling informatics? You called that out as a decent opportunity. So I'm just wondering how often [indiscernible]
Robert F. Friel: As I would say, when you think about the growth we've seen, it's really a little bit of both. So it's continuing to do more with our existing customers, but we've had a couple of nice wins here in the first couple of quarters of the year. And that puts a little pressure on gross margins as well. Andy didn't talk about that. But when we win a OneSource contract, there's obviously some investments upfront to do that and obviously that improves the profitability going forward. But I think, we have had some nice wins. I would say not as much as penetration outside of pharma up to this point and I think that provides another opportunity, but we continue to see opportunity there. But I would say, we're not getting as much traction there. With regard to the informatics business and the deployment into OneSource, we've got a number of sites where we're doing that but that's still probably a relatively small percentage of revenue. But we think it's a nice opportunity for us and it provides a significant differentiation. And I think when you talk to the customers as to why they chose or choose PerkinElmer in a lot of these competitive situations, I think the capability to bundle informatics and our historical OneSource capability is a big factor.
Tycho W. Peterson: Okay. And then if we think about the labs business you guys just launched, the pre-eclampsia screening test, can you maybe just talk about how you think about that opportunity and then further menu buildout? Is there ongoing opportunity? Can you just talk to the investments there?
Robert F. Friel: I think as we look at our screening business, whether it's newborn or prenatal, we continue to see that as a good growth opportunity and it's both sort of penetrating new markets but continuing to build out the menu. And I would say the menu expansion as well as the penetration of additional, whether it's countries or reaching more children, it's all contributed to our view that this is an area of the business that I think can over a long period of time grow mid- to high-single digits. And so in any given period, it may be driven by penetration into countries or markets or it may be driven by menu expansion.
Tycho W. Peterson: Okay. And then one last one on Imaging and actually on In Vivo Imaging, so for Caliper, can you just talk about how that business, I mean, you had a nice recovery last quarter after the March quarter issues? But can you maybe just talk to whether that business is kind of back on track and the outlook there?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So it grew mid-single digits in the third quarter. So again, this has been a little bit less than what we've seen historically. And I think sequestration continues to have an impact on dampening some of demand there. But I think we continue to feel very good about that business. And I think, as we go into '14, we think that will be a big contributor getting to that mid single digit organic growth we talked about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Zarak Khurshid from Wedbush Securities.
Zarak Khurshid: So the developments with A1 sound pretty interesting. Can you provide a little color just on the broader opportunity there, and timing around the Chinese mandate and tenders and other opportunities in Asia?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, so as you pointed out, we were -- we feel good about that. There were 7 tenders in the last quarter and we won 5 of those. So we feel good about our win rate. I would say the revenue ramp-up has not been as significant as we would like because some of the locations in China are sort of late in funding it. As you may know, the Chinese government mandates nucleic acid testing for blood screening by beginning of 2015. So there's still some time to ramp up. But we feel good about our win rate and we think this provides a significant market growth opportunity for us. But I would say, the revenue is still sort of the single million dollar range. It will start to ramp in '14, but I think you'll see the real growth occur in the 2015 timeframe.
Zarak Khurshid: Great. That's very helpful. And then the DairyGuard opportunity sounds pretty interesting to us. Can you just maybe talk about the -- I guess, the selling process there, in terms of -- are these current customers that you're already selling into? And how does that business look in terms of a razor, razor blade model and just overall opportunity?
Robert F. Friel: So we have a good food business today. It continues to do well. And think of this as a new product offering. I think in a lot of these end markets it's all around getting innovation into the marketplace that allows our customers to be able to find things that they couldn't see before, again, sensitivity, speed, accuracy and those types of things. So we're excited about the opportunity. As I mentioned, this is utilizing our FTIR capability combined with some significant capabilities that we have around algorithms. So we think it's an exciting market for us. We do think this is a unique offering in the marketplace from the perspective of there's not an analyzer today out in the marketplace that can look at powdered milk for pollutants or adulterants. And so it's early days. Like I said, it's going to be introduced at a dairy show here on Friday. But we feel good about it. We have a channel into food already. And so this will be largely through our direct channel into the food industry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin from Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: So one housekeeping question. Top line FX impact you're looking for in Q4?
Frank A. Wilson: It will be a little less than 100 basis points, which is similar to what it was last year.
Derik De Bruin: Great. Okay. And there's been some chatter coming out of China about potentially relaxing the 1-child policy. Have you heard anything on that recently? And obviously it will be a positive for your business if that were to happen.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say we've heard the same chatter that you have. But I would -- we don't have any more definitive information as to when that might be relaxed. But like you said, there's a lot of discussion around that. And obviously, that would be a positive for the business. And we think probably over time, it will probably to take a couple of years to ramp up, but it could lead to a $20 million to $25 million increase in revenue for us over multiple years.
Derik De Bruin: Great. You mentioned something about some pricing pressure in the environmental markets, if I heard you correctly. Was that local vendors or is that the usual suspects just being a little bit more aggressive in the emerging markets?
Robert F. Friel: I would say probably more of the latter. And where you see it more aggressively is in government tenders.
Derik De Bruin: Got you. Just one final question. A lot of noise recently in the bioinformatics space, a lot of acquisitions obviously, big push on it. What's going on with Spotfire and Geospiza. And I guess, are you -- can you talk about a little bit about how you're -- are you winning any new contracts, what's going on in terms of the growth rate? I'm always still a little bit curious on how to model that business.
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, I think the noise in that area hopefully validates that it's attractive, so we feel good about that. So as I think about our approach, it's really targeted at really a higher level of integration of information. So we're quite excited about the Spotfire clinical deal. And when we combine that with our previous capabilities, think of our approach as really building a platform through the interface of research in clinical, so really more focus on translational opportunities. And of course, that leverages our knowledge, not only in the research area, but our experience in diagnostics. So we're sort of more of a platform play across research and clinical versus a specialized play on a particular technology. So maybe that helps you sort of differentiate that. And Andy alluded to this in his comments, we continue to see nice growth in informatics. We continue to get good traction with particularly the large pharma. In particular, we had a user group meeting here a couple of weeks ago where we had, what we call, the Executive Customer Advisory Board. It's attended by the top 15 global pharmaceutical companies. And they continue to sort of embrace our strategy of this sort of translation opportunity in medicine. So we continue to be quite excited about it. And we think it can grow double digits for the foreseeable future from a top line perspective. And obviously, this is a business that has very nice operating margins associated with it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro: On the newborn business, just wondering if you put a little more color on the trends you saw this quarter geographically. Any notable tenders on the horizon as well just outside the U.S. that we should be aware of?
Robert F. Friel: Well, the U.S. we get helped by the growth -- in birth. For us it looks like it's about a 2% number, sort of low single digits. We saw some nice growth in South America. And I think Andy mentioned the fact that in China, we continue to see good adoption there, so very strong growth in APAC. We did not see as much growth in the EMEA region. And I think some of that was just some delay in spending. We did get some pushout -- we had mentioned a number of years ago that we had put some big installations into the Middle East. And some of the disruption there I think has delayed some investment. So from a geographic perspective, Europe sort of down slightly, Americas, call it mid single digits, South America and APAC very strong growth, sort of north of 20%.
Isaac Ro: Got it. And then just a follow-up on the Caliper franchise. If we look across the NGS landscape, a lot of the major players there have made some interesting technology acquisitions and sample prep. You guys have obviously had a pretty good track record in playing around the edges there pretty successfully. Just wondering if you could maybe talk a little bit about the long-term plus maybe you have regarding a new product development and how you plan to participate in the continued growth of sequencing, as we look towards toward 2014 and beyond?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think it's similar to what we've talked about in the past, where we think there's real value opportunity in the sequencing workflow to be in the front end, in the automation and sample prep. And we'll continue to innovate there. It's an area we continue to make significant investments. We hope to come out with some products hopefully in '14 that will continue to advance innovation in that area. And also in the back end, in the informatics area and leveraging what we're doing with Geospiza and now using some of the capabilities with Spotfire. So I think our strategy will continue to be in those focused areas. And as you're pointing that out, that's -- we think that's a nice growth area and I think we're well-positioned in those 2 spaces.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Brennan with Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan: I just wanted to figure out, maybe on the fourth quarter guidance, I know you called out the $10 million to $12 million, the kind of one-timers. If we strip those out, like, can you just give us a high level view, how would you characterize the demand environment for your businesses in the fourth quarter? We think stable, maybe weakening a bit, improving a bit? How would you think about it from a high level?
Robert F. Friel: No, I think it's stable, as I sort of alluded to, with the exception of Medical Imaging, which is really sort of a year-over-year comp issue, and so we're looking to see some improvement there. But I think order trends, and I talked about even toward the latter part of Q3, I think are fairly stable here. So we've got some concerns as we voiced in this sort of $10 million. But other than that, we feel pretty good about the demand profile in the market.
Daniel Brennan: Okay. And then maybe, Andy, to the extent the environment remains muted possibly, we don't get this industrial recovery that could mean, maybe PMI does, I suggest and it doesn't translate into increased demand and we get to '14 and the top line hasn't recovered to the extent you hoped for, how much of the margin expansion is in your control, given the discrete actions you guys have already taken, and how much is dependent upon top line? Such that, let's say, you grew 3% next year, what -- can you frame a little bit of a margin sensitivity towards maybe a 3% growth and a 6% growth or however you want to phrase it to give us a sense of how much is in your control?
Frank A. Wilson: Maybe I'll take it to an even more draconian level and say if we really are kind of volume neutral going forward, we have a certain amount of savings that should generate about 100 basis points of margin expansion. And as we start to look out at the top line starting to improve, I think if we get to that 5% to 6%, mid-single digit level that we hope to in 2014, we have some fairly significant leverage, not only on the gross margin line but even more significantly in the operating margin line. But I think we've -- in the past, when we've been at those levels and we've been able to do certainly well north of 100, in some cases, north of 150, I think we're in a much better position today. So I think if we can get to those types of revenue numbers, we should see some fairly robust margin expansion.
Daniel Brennan: Okay. And then maybe one more, just on the acquisition strategy, I know you guys have discussed how, given the business is optimized, you feel you have the right pieces to the puzzle but now you're looking at maybe some tuck-ins here incrementally. I just want to go back to the Thermo Life deal and just kind of check in with you guys now. I think you guys have discussed in the past your OneSource business, which is critical and growing nicely, is sticky, given some of the informatics business as you can put on that. But just stepping back, I just would love to get your take on the acquisition strategy, kind of going forward from here, whether directly addressing Thermo Life or just how do you think about opportunities as they come up?
Robert F. Friel: So I think you've characterized it well from the standpoint of, we feel good about the portfolio but always looking for opportunities to improve it, and so, I think right now, our approach is continually look at bolt-ons and look in those areas where we can continue to be differentiated in our offerings. So I think one of the reasons, I mentioned before that we've been successful in OneSource is when we combine it with deploying the informatics capability, that starts to really differentiate us in the marketplace. And so that's the area that we want to focus on. So obviously, the Imaging area is an area that we like both from a growth perspective and our internal capabilities. You know our emerging diagnostic capabilities are ones that we think we can continue to build and work off the terrific channel we have there. And so again it's going to be probably focused in those areas where we both have good market positions today but also see nice growth prospects and continue to differentiate us from other competitors.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby: Just a couple of quick ones. One, I was wondering if you could tell us how much of your total revenue comes from places like India and Southeast Asia, or maybe just emerging markets minus China or something like that?
Frank A. Wilson: Yes. This is Andy. Our total emerging market exposure is around 28% and. I would say, China is around 11%, 12% of that and the rest is pretty widely distributed. In total, it's a little north of 25% of our total revenue.
Robert F. Friel: But India specifically is around 2% to 3%. And if you look at Southeast Asia as a whole, it probably adds another 6%-ish. So southeast Asia and India will be something sort of south of 10%.
Steve Willoughby: Okay, got you. And then just on your guidance I guess, for the fourth quarter, for the full year, I understand the $10 million to $12 million of revenue impact. Is that the main driver to the top end of your EPS guidance coming down? Is that the right way to think about it? Because I also saw you're saying your effective tax rate is also going to come down 1% as well. I'm just trying to think about what the moving pieces are there.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I mean that's the major driver to coming off the top end, because I think we felt that in order to get to top end of our guidance previously, we would have had to have been closer to the top end of the revenue guidance. And I think because of some of the things we talked about before, we think it's right now prudent to sort of guide down and, consequently, if we're not going to get to the top end of the revenue, it's unrealistic to think we get to the top end of the EPS.
Steve Willoughby: Okay, got you. And then just final thing, there was an article in the press a week or so ago talking about some air quality monitoring business that you've won in China. I'm just wondering if you could provide any more color or timing or size on that.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So that's a partnership we have with the China State Environmental Protection Administration. And it's really a partnership with them to help set the air quality standards as well as test for heavy medical particles in the air. To me it sort of speaks to the terrific relationships and capabilities we have broadly in emerging markets but specifically in China. And I would say, for the next couple of quarters, I wouldn't think of it is a huge revenue driver. But I think, again, it's the relationships we build with the government agencies. And as we come out with more innovation and new products, I think it opens up the opportunity to grow fairly significantly. And as you know, China is dedicating a significant amount of resources to improve their air quality. So we're quite excited about it. But I would say for the next couple of quarters, that's not going to be a significant revenue contributor.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard from Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard: I just wanted to clarify, so did gross margin in the quarter, did it come in line with your internal plan or was there some variance from plan?
Frank A. Wilson: It was down slightly from plan, partly because of some of the mix shift that we saw in Environmental Health. We had not forecasted that level of mix and mix headwinds.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So when Andy talked about the 3 factors, clearly the informatics investment was in our plan. Post the Q2 announcement to move those other 2 facilities in, we suspected there will be a little bit of additional cost through our cost of sales line. But I think the mix and to some extent the pricing pressure was a little bit more than we thought.
Frank A. Wilson: And I think the last item is we had really hoped to complete the Hopkinton move at the beginning of the third quarter. We really didn't open the facility until the beginning of the fourth quarter. So the savings we had hoped to get will -- are still there. They're just pushed out a quarter.
Daniel L. Leonard: Okay. And then finally, can you give us an update on how a couple of your important growth drivers for '14 are tracking, maybe something around the order book for the iQT and also the cell-free fetal DNA?
Robert F. Friel: So I mentioned little bit before that we continue to see good receptivity in the marketplace as we talk to potential customers and KOLs, but because of a specific supplier issue around one of the components the actual shipment of the product will not occur until the first quarter of 2014. Again, minimal impact in Q4. And we really don't think it's going to have a significant impact in 2014 as well. Again but based on early indications, we feel good about that. And we continue to make nice progress on our contracting with regard to NIPT. I think now we're up over 160 million covered lives. And again we feel good about the growth opportunities but that will also be more of a 2014 growth driver. Some revenue this year, but relatively small.
Daniel L. Leonard: You said that supply issue is not going to impact you on iQT, that's not going to impact you in 2014?
Robert F. Friel: No, we don't think -- minimal but not much of a big impact. It's a supplier issue, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Criscuolo from Mizuho.
Eric Criscuolo: On the facility relocations, specifically, the international relocations, does that have any positive effect on the tax rate going forward?
Frank A. Wilson: Well, we do have an opportunity with Singapore to leverage our tax planning. So there is potentially a modest benefit from that. I think it really -- the bigger fluctuations around the tax rate really are around where our operating income is domiciled. So I think it's difficult to say or pinpoint how much it's going to be. It is somewhat of a tailwind. And as we kind of move through '14, we'll probably update you on that progress.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. But I would say by moving the manufacturing out, it does put some downward pressure on the tax rate.
Eric Criscuolo: Got you. And on the informatics, the bioinformatics businesses that you have, do they have similar margin profiles to the typical software industry margins?
Robert F. Friel: So it depends a little bit on what part of the software business. So I would say, the electronic notebook business, I would say, yes. The Spotfire is a little lower because -- think of that as sort of a licensing agreement, so still very good margins. But because we're paying some licensing to TIBCO for that, there's lower margins associated with the Spotfire business as compared to the electronic notebook business.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude the question-and-answer portion of today's call. I would now like to turn the call back over to Rob Friel for closing remarks.
Robert F. Friel: Great. Well, first of all, thank you for your questions. So in summary, I'm pleased with how the company is executing on balancing growth investments while being responsive to global economic conditions. Again, just to reinforce, I remain confident we have created a really great foundation to deliver long-term value to our shareholders while helping customers solve critical challenges in both Human and Environmental Health. Thank you for your continued interest in PerkinElmer and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2013 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. My name is Clinton. I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. And now, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Tommy Thomas: Thanks, Clinton. Good afternoon, and welcome to PerkinElmer's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive of -- and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until August 15, 2013. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any other date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to the GAAP in the attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report PerkinElmer delivered solid performance in the second quarter. Adjusted and organic revenues each increased 3%, with Human Health up 2% and Environmental Health up 3%. As a result of the strong top line performance, adjusted earnings per share was $0.51, $0.03 above the midpoint of our guidance. Andy will discuss our second quarter results in more detail. But before he does, I would like to highlight a few specific areas. First of all, the 3 parts of our business that resulted in lower revenue last quarter all showed significant improvement. In fact, the improvements in these 3 businesses accounted for approximately 3/4 of the 400 basis points sequential improvement in this quarter's organic growth rate. Other areas of strong growth included our newborn and infectious disease screening businesses, which benefited from further penetration into emerging markets. Our informatics business continued to grow double digits, including significant momentum with Spotfire. And OneSource experienced high-single-digit growth as our differentiated capabilities continue to enable share expansion. Also of note, our radiochemical business was flat in the second quarter, reversing a long period of consecutive revenue declines. Partially offsetting this growth was a mid-single-digit decline in Medical Imaging in the quarter. While we continue to believe revenue in this business will be flat in 2013, relative to the very strong growth we experienced last year, Medical Imaging will experience significant volatility quarter-to-quarter during this year due to anticipated customer ordering patterns. During the second quarter, we completed several major productivity initiatives and announced additional actions to further improve our cost structure and enable our growth investments. Specifically, we completed product line transfers to China and Singapore to rationalize our global footprint, and we made headway in consolidating Western European back-office capabilities in Krakw, Poland. We also completed the consolidation of 3 North American facilities, and efforts are underway to consolidate 2 additional legacy Caliper sites, further simplifying our operational footprint and improving our R&D efficiency. In addition to focusing on our cost structure, we achieved a number of significant commercial wins and continued to invest in high-growth areas, where we can deliver competitive differentiation and disruptive innovation. For example, we announced the launch of our breakthrough AxION iQT, which combines identification and quantification capabilities in a single mass spec instrument. We successfully executed the first customer deployments of the new version of our flagship E-Notebook platform and launched our first ChemDraw scientific applications for iPads. On the diagnostic side, we won additional newborn screening programs in Saudi Arabia and South Africa and continued to expand our newborn and prenatal testing menus, adding additional assays. In China, we launched 2 new SFDA-approved diagnostic analyzers for infectious disease testing, 1 targeted at fully automated larger throughput hospital labs and 1 focused on smaller clinical labs. In the environmental area, we introduced a new photodiode array with an innovative flow cell for liquid chromatography, which will expand our capabilities in environmental and research labs. Turning to our outlook, we feel good about our ability to deliver organic growth and improved profitability in the back half of the year, as we build momentum heading into 2014. The macro environment is tracking as we expected, continuing to be weak with recovery in some pockets. Europe still faces headwinds with economic and political pressures, and the impact from sequestration in U.S. continues to dampen capital spending. In Japan, we expect to see improved growth in the region as funds from the supplemental budget are released. And in China, we expect the government to continue to moderate growth slightly, disproportionately impacting the larger cities in the East with sustained robust growth in the West. This month, we are moving into a larger facility in Beijing. And later this year, opening an office in rmqi to improve our access to the growing areas in the far west of China. Despite indications that overall growth may be slowing in China, their increasing need for capabilities to improve both human health and environmental health presents us with excellent opportunities, potentially offsetting any moderation. While we remain confident in our long-term strategy to deliver organic revenue growth in the mid-single digits, in light of the global economic climate, we think it's prudent to assume low-single-digit organic growth rates for the remainder of the year. While Andy will discuss our guidance in more detail, we are forecasting a return to adjusted margin expansion and solid adjusted EPS growth in the back half of the year. More importantly, we believe that we can achieve this forecast while continuing to invest appropriately in our most exciting opportunities to drive profitable growth. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy.
Frank A. Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. Consistent with prior quarters, I'll provide some additional color on our end markets, a financial summary of our second quarter results and details around our revised 2013 guidance. Then we'll open up the call for your questions. As Rob mentioned earlier, we were encouraged by our performance in the second quarter, as both adjusted revenue and organic revenue increased by 3%. Adjusted revenue for the quarter was $547 million, as compared to $532 million in the second quarter of 2012. We experienced organic revenue growth across both segments of our business, with Environmental Health and Human Health growing 3% and 2%, respectively, versus the same period last year. Looking at our geographical results. Organic revenue increased low-double digits in Asia, increased low-single digits in Europe and declined low-single digits in the Americas. In China, organic revenues increased high teens with the BRIC countries, as a whole, increasing mid-teens. As a reminder, emerging market comparisons will continue to be difficult through the third quarter of 2013, which was the high watermark of last year. Looking at organic revenue by product category. Recurring revenue, which includes reagents, consumables and service, grew mid-single digits in the quarter, primarily the result of continuing strength in our OneSource Laboratory Services and our informatics offerings. Instruments and components reported flat organic revenue growth in the quarter, but were up sequentially as compared to the first quarter of this year. As Rob indicated earlier, each of these -- each of the 3 areas negatively impacting our first quarter performance experienced significant sequential improvement. First, organic revenues in our In Vivo business grew organically by more than 20%, despite continuing sequestration pressures in the U S. While a portion of the second quarter growth is attributable to the catch-up of first quarter delays, order demand remained strong. Second, organic revenue for our environmental instrument business in Western Europe was essentially flat in the quarter as compared to our mid-teens decline in the first quarter. We were encouraged by the broad sequential strength experienced across the portfolio. And finally, our Japanese business also improved sequentially as organic revenue declined low-single digits as compared to our mid-teens decline in the first quarter of this year. We expect the ongoing deployment of government stimulus, which began in the second quarter, will continue to help enable our ability to deliver positive organic growth in Japan for the back half of the year. From an end market perspective, our Human Health segment represented approximately 55% of reported revenue in the quarter. We serve 2 end markets in Human Health: diagnostics, which represented 27% of reported revenue; and research, which represented 28% of reported revenue. Organic revenue from our Diagnostics business increased low-single digits during the second quarter, primarily due to tougher comparisons in our Medical Imaging business, which declined mid-single digits. We continued to see good results from both our screening business and our infectious disease and blood screening diagnostic offerings, targeting emerging markets. Our screening business grew mid-single digit in the quarter and continues to benefit from the stabilization of U.S. birthrates and the expansion of our prenatal and newborn screening solutions in key regions outside the U.S. We are also pleased with our ongoing newborn sales uptick in Asia, which saw organic growth in the high teens in the second quarter of 2013. As mentioned earlier, our Medical Imaging business experienced a mid-single-digit decline in organic revenue during the second quarter, a result of very difficult double-digit comparisons in the prior year. You may recall, this business will be facing strong comparisons in every quarter of 2013. Our Research business delivered low-single-digit organic revenue growth in the second quarter versus the comparable period in 2012. As I mentioned earlier, we saw a strong recovery in our In Vivo imaging business, as well a sequential improvement in our radiometric detection business. European and Asian research markets both experienced solid organic revenue growth. Moving to Environmental Health, which represented 45% of reported revenue in the second quarter. We serve 3 end markets: laboratory services, which represented 19% of reported revenue; environmental and safety, which represented 17% of reported revenue; and industrial, which represented 9% of reported revenue. During the quarter, we experienced high-single-digit organic growth in the Laboratory Services business, mid-single-digit organic growth in our industrial business and low-single-digit organic revenue declines in our environmental and safety business. While we are pleased with the second quarter performance in our industrial business, we expect industrial end market demand to remain soft for the second half of the year. We experienced strong acceptance of our laboratory service offering in the quarter, as we help our lab customers better manage their critical laboratory assets and related data needs. Our OneSource offering is a key differentiator for us, as evidenced by the win of a new major pharmaceutical company, while also expanding our presence in other key pharma and health care customers during the current quarter. Turning to our margin performance in the period. Adjusted operating margins in the second quarter were 15.6% as compared to 16.9% in the comparable period a year ago. As we mentioned earlier in the year, the first half of 2013 was going to be a period of investment, and this quarter's results were in line with our expectations. As we move into the second half of this year, we expect adjusted operating margins to show improvement versus the comparable period in 2012. By segment, adjusted operating margins in our Human Health segment were 21% and operating margins in our Environmental Health segment were 13%, representing a decline of approximately 110 basis points and 160 basis points, respectively, as compared to the second quarter of 2012. These declines were primarily the result of increased R&D spending, additional investments in our informatics business, pricing pressures, primarily in the Environmental Health segment, as well as difficult year-over-year comparisons due to 2012 licensing revenue that did not reoccur in the second quarter of 2013. GAAP operating income from continuing operations was $39.7 million in the second quarter of 2013 versus $49.8 million in the same period a year ago. GAAP earnings per share for continuing operations in the second quarter of 2013 were $0.24 compared to $0.29 in the second quarter of last year. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.51 in the second quarter of 2013, $0.03 above the midpoint of our guidance range. On a non-GAAP basis, our adjusted tax rate was approximately 21%. Turning to the balance sheet, we finished the second quarter with approximately $1 billion of debt and approximately $112 million of cash. We exited the quarter with a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.6x and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.3x. Looking at our cash flow performance, year-to-date adjusted operating cash flow from continuing operations was $99 million, as compared to $115 million in 2012. Higher working capital requirements, primarily accounts receivable, negatively impacted our performance in the second quarter, as extended terms and the timing of revenue contributed. I also want to note that as planned, the pension contributions made in the first quarter of 2013 will be funded by the recently announced sale-leaseback of one of our facilities in the Boston area. And therefore, the pension funding will be neutral to our full-year cash balances. To summarize, our performance in the second quarter of 2013 came in ahead of expectations and we remain focused on achieving our longer-term organic growth and adjusted operating margin expansion targets. I'd now like to discuss our 2013 guidance in a bit more detail and highlight a few items impacting our second half outlook. Specifically, in Q4, we will face currency headwinds of approximately $5 million due to the movement of the yen, which will negatively impact our reported revenue. In addition, as I mentioned earlier, there is a fourth quarter revenue weighting in our Medical Imaging business due to the calendarization of end customer demand. Medical Imaging reported revenues are expected to be down high teens in the third quarter, but grow low-double digits in the fourth quarter. This impact represents approximately $6 million shifting between quarters, and should offset the fourth quarter currency headwind I just mentioned. As a result, we expect adjusted revenues for the third quarter 2013 to be in the range of $515 million to $525 million with organic revenue growth to be in the range of flat to 2%. Adjusted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.46 to $0.48. Regarding adjusted operating margins, despite approximately 40 basis points of FX headwinds in the third and fourth quarter, we expect second half adjusted operating margins to improve approximately 50 to 75 basis points, as compared to the second half of last year, but more heavily weighted towards the fourth quarter, primarily due to the aforementioned timing of second half Medical Imaging revenues. Our adjusted tax rate is expected to be 22% for the second half of 2013, and our weighted average diluted share count for the year is assumed to be approximately 113 million shares. Finally, we expect interest and other expense to be approximately $12.5 million in both the third and fourth quarters. So based on these assumptions, we expect our full year organic growth to be low-single digits, and we are narrowing our full year earnings per share guidance, raising the bottom end of our guidance range for adjusted earnings per share for 2013, from a range of $2 to $2.10 to a new range of $2.03 to $2.10. This concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, we'd like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro: I just want to talk a little bit about margins. I'm wondering if you could put some more color behind in the margins this quarter, specifically with environmental, what was going on there. Was there something in the way of FX versus sort of other sort of transient factors? And maybe was there something maybe more structural? Just kind of -- if you can kind of separate those 2, that will be helpful.
Robert F. Friel: Well, just let me start off with sort of the margins overall and then Andy can drill into the specific environmental. But the way I would think about our margins is, it was probably 3 things that drove the reduction year-over-year. One is we talked about investments, and those are both productivity and related to growth, and that's probably about 1/3 of it. I think we did see -- continued to see some pricing and mix pressures, and obviously, that was planned. Probably about 1/3 of that was probably mostly related to the mix and those types of things. And then...
Frank A. Wilson: Yes, and then the third thing, we had investments, we had the mix and -- yes...
Robert F. Friel: License -- yes, the year-over-year. There was some licensing year-over-year. So about a third on the licensing, about 1/3 on pricing mix and about 1/3 on investments.
Isaac Ro: Okay, got it. That's helpful. And then just if you could remind us, in back half of the year, what's embedded in your guidance in terms of the geographic outlook in the U.S., Europe and sort of Rest of World? Just kind of -- given the volatility in the macro picture, what you guys are assuming would be helpful.
Robert F. Friel: So I think we're assuming pretty similar geographic growth than what we've experienced in the first half of the year. I would say the only difference is maybe a little moderation in China. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we think there's going to be a little moderation, probably more impact on the eastern side as compared to the western. So we're anticipating a little bit of moderation there. I would say Europe continues to be sort of flat in our view and modest growth in the U. S. So again, in the back half we're assuming similar geographic growth patterns.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Brennan of Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan: My first question is on the 3 businesses that were the culprits of the first quarter shortfall. I know you gave some color about, not only the growth this quarter, but the expectation. Maybe could you give a little more color about how we should think about those businesses progressing kind of in the back of the year, implicit in your guidance?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So first of all, in In Vivo, as we mentioned, we saw good recovery in the second quarter. We think a lot of that was just a make up for the first quarter, although I think the team did a terrific job because we continued to see some pressure in the U.S. from sequestration. So the majority of the growth occurred actually in Europe and Asia. But as Andy said, we feel good about the pipeline there. I would say our expectations for In Vivo is probably mid-single-digit growth for the rest of the -- or the back half of the year. I think in the case of Japan, we saw that recover from mid-teens to low single. We think with some of the release of the supplemental budget in Japan, we could probably return that to low- to mid-single growth in the back half. And we're continuing to be fairly conservative in Europe. Although we did see positive growth in Europe in the second quarter, we do have more difficult comparisons going into the third, and so I think we're assuming Europe will be flat to down slightly.
Daniel Brennan: Okay, great. And then, Andy, terms of the guidance, Q3, Q4, just the way you chase that. I mean, is it fair to assume -- I know your third quarter comp from last year certainly a lot more difficult. I know you discussed some other factors in terms of the shift between Q3 and Q4. Maybe can you just go through that a little more again like, is it really just a tougher comp for the kind of the 0% to 2% in Q3 or just maybe go through the factors again, how we should think about the back half of the year progression?
Frank A. Wilson: Well, I think Q3 is a more difficult comp than Q4. We also talked about the Med Imaging shift on the top line. So I think if you're looking at flat- to low-single digit, you're going to see a little bit of sequential improvement in the fourth quarter. And I think if you look at, from a margin expansion, the rollout of our initiatives and some of the restructuring that we have just completed, you will see margin expansion in both periods, but more weighted towards the fourth quarter.
Daniel Brennan: Got it. And maybe one more quick one. Rob, is your expectation in '14 with some of the new product initiatives that you have ongoing, I know there's no '14 guidance but you previously were talking about an accelerating growth rate in '14. I mean, any high-level color about how we should be thinking about the impact of these new products?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think we continue to feel good about our ability to improve growth going into '14. And one of the things we wanted to do in Q2 when we took the restructuring actions, was not only to respond to what we saw was more difficult sort of macroeconomic conditions, but more importantly, we wanted to create the flexibility to continue to invest in growth. So I think I feel good about the fact that we -- I think we've given ourselves the ability to continue to fund the growth initiatives. So again, a lot of it will be dependent on macroeconomic conditions. But I do feel good about our ability to get the new products out into the marketplace and hopefully, to achieve increasing organic revenue growth as we get into '14.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ross Muken of ISI.
Vijay Kumar: This is Vijay in for Ross. First one, maybe on Japan. I know that you mentioned, in the south [ph], the stimulus there could benefit in the back half. And how should we think of -- in terms of growth or dollar-wise, what the contribution could be?
Robert F. Friel: So for the second quarter, as I mentioned, we were down low-single. I think as we think about the back half, we could see Japan growing sort of low- to mid-single. So I would say, going from down sort of 3% to probably up in the 4% to 5% in the back half. As you probably know, Japan is about 5% of our revenue. So it gives you a sense of what impact that might have on the back half.
Vijay Kumar: Rob, and just on U.S., could you mention segment-wise sort of pockets of strength and weakness that you're seeing?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, if we look at the U.S., first of all, academic continues to be a headwind. And so I think while the uncertainty around sequestration is not what it was in the first quarter, I still -- we continue to see funds moving relatively slowly from a capital acquisition perspective. So I would say academic continues to be relatively slow. We mentioned the fact that service was strong, so we continue to see good growth in the service end markets. Diagnostic, particularly in our newborn screening, continues to grow in the U.S. And we're continuing to see positive birth trends. We continue to see birth trending up in the United States, close to 3%. I would say in the environmental area though, we were down there in the U.S. And I think that's more of a sort of an economic environment, where I still think there's some headwinds from a macroeconomic perspective. So Environmental down a little bit, service up, Diagnostics continuing to see good growth. And I would say, within the LST area, academic headwinds, but we are seeing some improvement in our pharma spending. Pharma for us was up low- to mid-single digits.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard of Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard: Great. I was hoping you can give us some understanding on some of the bottoms-up efforts to improve the gross margin as the year marches along here.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes, well, we've talked a lot about some of the initiatives that we were putting in place. And we did complete one of those and we're almost complete with the second significant leg of that. The first being, moving some manufacturing to Singapore and China, that is complete. There is primarily a supply chain savings that we have baked into the second half, which I think will help grow our gross margin. The other piece is the consolidation of facilities in North America, and we're closing 3 facilities. We've announced 2 other small facilities that we're also going to incorporate into Hopkinton, and that will be completed here shortly. And so we will see some second half savings there. So I think if you look at our 50 to 75 basis points, the majority of those savings are going to be coming in gross margin. We're also making progress around the back-office consolidation, but that really won't be completed until the end of this year. We are underway and so we'll start to see those savings really hit the OpEx in 2014. So it's -- as you look at the 50 to 75 we forecasted for the second half, most of that is going to be around the gross margin side, and then the second -- as we move into next year, it will be more equally split between gross and operating margin.
Daniel L. Leonard: Got it. And then my follow-up question, it seems from talking to your partner on the cell-free fetal DNA side that you're making some great progress there. I'm wondering if you can give us an update on how we should think about that impacting the P&L and modeling changeover between cash accounting into accrual accounting, and also the trajectory there.
Robert F. Friel: Sure. So I think as we've been fairly consistent this year, we really don't expect it to have a material impact in 2013, from a revenue or profitability perspective. But at the same time, as you alluded to, we feel very good about the rapid and successful contracting with the managed-care providers for the verified test. And we think the willingness of these providers to contract the test is really a terrific testament for the quality and importance of the testing. Today, we actually signed another, we signed CIGNA. And we're now up over $130 million contracted lives. Clearly, the most covered of any provider in NIPT. So we continue to be excited about the uptake, the receptivity from the doctors and the progress we're making with managed-care providers. But we also think it's going to be more of a 2014 from the standpoint of a material impact on our financial results.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Schenkel of Cowen and Company.
Douglas Schenkel: Based on today's updates, it seems fair to assert that last quarter you suffered through a bit of a perfect storm at the end of the quarter. It's good to see a nice rebound this quarter. That being said, comps get a bit tougher in the second half, and growth in the first half was at low-single-digit levels and -- that's clearly embedded in your full year guidance. But really, where I'm going with this is, as we look ahead, does revenue growth really need to accelerate in 2014 for you to get to that 18% operating margin target? Or are the initiatives that you're pulling forward now enough to get you there, even if growth continues at low-single digit levels?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say we can continue to get margin expansion but I think to get to the level of 18% by 2014, we would need to see accelerated revenue growth. And I think we've said for some time that mid-single-digit organic revenue growth is probably what we would need now. We have taken some additional actions in the second quarter. And as I said before, that was largely driven by the fact that it allows us to continue to invest into growth, but clearly, it will -- should provide some incremental margin expansion in '14. But I think to get to the level of 18%, we would need to see an acceleration of organic revenue growth beyond what we're experiencing in '13.
Douglas Schenkel: But with that, I guess it's probably worth keeping in mind, you do have a more -- the set-up from this year to next year will be a pretty favorable one and so if you kind of -- so if you maintain the current pace, that alone, probably would get you to mid-single-digit levels, I would think. Maybe a follow-up on the Verinata question from a second ago. Your main competitor in NIPT talked about some reimbursement challenges and pricing challenges in the quarter. It doesn't sound like you guys are experiencing any of that. Is that the case?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think that's fair. I mean, I think when you think about those exchanges really being talked about in the first of the year, I think to a large extent, we factored that in when we thought about our forecasting. And while I don't want to get into the specifics, we feel very good about the pricing we're getting. And clearly, the average rate we're seeing is higher than what we had originally anticipated in our financial models.
Douglas Schenkel: Okay. And one last question, maybe a little too early and maybe a little too high level at this. But it was reported in the mainstream press recently that China was going to announce a $275 billion plan to reduce pollution over the next 5 years. Is that an opportunity for you in China in environmental testing? Is this something that you're actively acting on, and any way to quantify the opportunity for you at this time?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, first of all, absolutely. I mean, I think that provides a great opportunity. And again, I talked in my comments about, we're well aligned with what China's trying to do from both a human health and environmental health perspective. So whether it's -- there was also a lot of discussion about soil contamination, in addition to the air and some of the other environmental concerns that they have. So clearly we -- we've -- we are very active in the environment over there in China. We will continue to be -- and in fact, we've targeted specifically air monitoring in China as a significant opportunity for us, probably beginning in '14, but also expanding out over the next couple of years.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla of Citi.
Amit Bhalla: A question on the changing cost structure of the business. I appreciate that you laid the moving pieces of consolidation, et cetera, that are taking place. But I was hoping you could put some numbers around the reduction in total company headcount, either in absolute terms or in percentage of total employees at the business?
Frank A. Wilson: It's a reduction over these initiatives of about 300 people. And if you really look at the dollars, it's about -- with the restructuring we just initiated, it's about $40 million in total. Now again, we've -- we're spending back on about $10 million of that this year on some initiatives, but I think as we look at 2013, we probably have about $10 million worth of upside in the back half. It's offset a little bit by some price and mix in FX.
Amit Bhalla: Okay. And my second question is on Medical Imaging. So I appreciate there's a lot of customer volatility in that business, but I was hoping you could go into a little bit better of a geographic breakdown of how that business has performed, U.S., Europe and then the Asia Pac region.
Robert F. Friel: So if you look specifically in QT -- in Q2, what we saw was America was down quite significantly, sort of greater than 15%, Asia was relatively flat and Europe was actually up mid-single digits. Now the one thing I would caution you here though, is when we talk about our revenue geographically in Medical Imaging, again, this is probably the only business in PerkinElmer where we're not selling necessarily to end customers because we're providing components here. So in a lot of cases, the geographic information really talks to the system, the ultimate system provider. So it can be a little misleading from a geographic perspective. But anyway, if you look at our revenue, that's how it would break out.
Amit Bhalla: Okay. Just a follow-up there, in the Asian markets for Medical Imaging, did you feel like inventory in the channel was stable? Did you see any drawdowns of inventory taking place there?
Robert F. Friel: I think going into 2013, there clearly was some inventory in the channel and we're seeing that drawn down. And that's why I think, as Andy talked about, we're expecting some fairly significant growth in Q4. And then I think as we look out into '14, we think Medical Imaging will return to a more high-single-digit growth rate, which we think is probably more representative of the opportunity in those end markets.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg of Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Rob, in Asia, can you maybe just talk a little bit more about some of the geographies? If I'm remembering right, from the fourth quarter, along with Japan, Korea and other parts of Southeast Asia were weaker. And I think you said China was just kind of okay, it wasn't great. It looks like China rebounded to the high teens, you said. But from your comments, it sounds like you're expecting that to slow. And I don't know if that's things you're seeing this quarter or if that's just kind of looking at the first half overall. So maybe just any color you can give around Asia, generally.
Robert F. Friel: So, first of all, I would say in China, I think we've gone probably 10-plus quarters in a row with 20-plus organic growth. And our view is that's probably not sustainable forever so we expect a little moderation of that but still at a very robust rate. So as I mentioned, we were very high teens this quarter. I think as I look out to the back half of the year, it's probably going to be very similar to that. So I would say in the 15% to 20% range, we also have a very significant comp issue in China, specifically in Q3. But generally speaking, I think there's going to be some moderation there, but still very robust growth. I mentioned Japan, I think Japan is going to be sort of mid-single digits as we go back -- go into the second half of the year. And then I -- if I think about the rest of Asia, I think it's going to be in that range. I think it's going to be sort of low- to mid-single digits there. I think that's mostly, for us, being impacted by the industrial end markets.
Jonathan P. Groberg: And just to be clear, again China, you're just looking at the comps. It's nothing that you're seeing there itself that, that would suggest it would be a little bit slower.
Robert F. Friel: No, I think it's mostly the comps.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Okay, and then on the Environmental side or the -- I guess, on the Lab Services side, any -- it seems to be a market that others are trying to get into. You've been pretty successful there, kind of updated views about the opportunities that you're seeing in that segment going forward?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think as we said in the prepared remarks, we continue to see strong growth in the Service business. And again, that was against some -- in the second quarter against some difficult comps. So we're pleased with our progress there. It's an area where I think we continue to invest in. We've got a great organization. We've talked about the fact that adding the informatics capabilities -- because I think for us, it's all about providing your customers with differentiated capabilities. And so I think our success there is a recognition by our customers or in the marketplace that we continue to provide a differentiated offering here that our customers feel valuable.
Jonathan P. Groberg: If I can, what percent of Lab is just basic asset management and some basic services tied to the lab versus some of these newer offerings that you have in informatics, I don't know if you want to call them higher value-add type of offerings?
Robert F. Friel: Well, so -- I don't know if we can get into that level of detail. But I would say that at this point, the informatics offerings are still a relatively small piece. Our expectation is that will be a larger piece, but again it's pretty early days. So I would say that's a relatively small piece of our service revenue right now. But I think it -- the capability is a significant enabler. And I think our customers are recognizing that the potential is fairly significant going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Dan Arias of UBS.
Daniel Arias: Maybe just to go back to In Vivo, with the improvement that you saw in Europe and Asia, did you find that it was a handful of large orders coming through that made the biggest difference? Or really, was it just that the overall funding environment eased and what you saw was broad-based spending improvement?
Robert F. Friel: Well, if you're looking outside the U.S., I think it was a couple of things. First of all, clearly, some of the stuff that moved out of the first quarter, we were able to close in the second quarter. So I think that helped a little bit. I think when you look in the U.S., there are still funding issues. And I think sequestration is having an impact. And then I would say, generally, like I said I think the organization has done a terrific job in trying to get a lot of those orders closed in the quarter and not running into the end-of-quarter issues that we had in Q1.
Daniel Arias: Okay. And then maybe on the Diagnostic side. As the menu broadens for the noninvasive prenatal stuff over time, to what extent, if any, might Verinata start to compete with the Signature business -- Signature Genomics business? Is that something you think about?
Robert F. Friel: I don't think so. I think we continue to think of Signature as more of a confirmatory test, and the NIPT has continued to be a screen. I do think over time that NGS, or next-gen sequencing, does start to infringe upon the arrays. But I think at this point, again, they are separate enough. And in fact, the 3 pieces of our business, I think, are very complementary because I think of the biochemical screen as sort of low-cost, and then you go into the NIPT and then you go into the arrays as a confirmatory test.
Daniel Arias: Okay. And then just maybe to sneak in one more, as we sort of triangulate these outlook comments, Rob or Andy, at this point, do you have a growth outlook for instruments overall for the year -- or for the back half?
Robert F. Friel: For analytical instruments?
Daniel Arias: Yes.
Robert F. Friel: I think it's probably low-single digits.
Operator: The next question comes from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America.
Rafael Tejada: It's Rafael in for Derik. Rob, just regarding the business in China, can you maybe compare the customer mix that you have in that country versus developed geographies?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say, when you look at China, clearly there's a higher percentage of the environment, the environmental business. So if you look at overall, PerkinElmer, we're 45% Environmental, 55% Human Health. If you look at our Asian businesses, it's probably 60% to 65% Environmental. So I would say that's the first distinction. I would say, the other thing is the Medical Imaging business is a relatively small piece, although growing in the China business. And so the other mix is within the Diagnostic business, much higher percentage of hospitals from infectious disease than we have outside. So it is a little bit of a different mix relative to Environmental and Human, and then even within Human Health, a little bit of different mix from a customer perspective.
Rafael Tejada: And I guess, if I'm -- based on the comments you made earlier, basically in the back half, you're not necessarily expecting any one of these customer segments who radically changed from the other, meaning not -- one of these customers isn't slowing down dramatically in the back half?
Robert F. Friel: We don't. And I think going back to the prior comments, I mean, first of all, on the Human Health side, we think there's going to be continued demand for access to health care. And so we expect, whether it's on the newborn, prenatal or infectious disease, they're going to continue to grow probably north of 20%. And then, of course, we talked a little earlier about the demands on the environmental issues. So whether it's air, soil, water, et cetera. So we think we're going to continue to see strong growth for our products in China.
Rafael Tejada: Okay. And on the mass spec that was introduced at ASMS, can you comment on maybe on the sort of bookings or orders that have come in so far?
Robert F. Friel: Well, we, at this point, are still talking to employees but we haven't started shipping it. We'll probably start shipping that towards the end of the third quarter. But the response to this and the receptivity to the product has been terrific. And so while we're starting to take some orders, we don't expect it to have a material impact in Q3, probably start to see some revenue in the fourth quarter. But I think the significant impact, from an orders and revenue perspective, again, will be in 2014.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson: I think maybe, Rob, just following up on that last question. I mean, with the new mass spec systems, I mean, you're going after, I guess, like $1 billion GC triple quad market. Maybe just talk about your go-to-market strategy. I mean, you go to Agilent, Shimadzu, Thermo, some fairly entrenched competitors, so can you maybe just touch on your strategy there? And presumably, this will have some pretty interesting appetite in China, so maybe talk about how you see demand for that product over there as well.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think our approach on the mass spec side is to try and find those market niches where the innovation within this mass spec can really provide our customers with some great performance enhancements. So as you know, the AxION combines the identification and quantification capabilities of a triple quad and a TAF [ph]. And so we think that's fairly unique in a couple of specific applications. And so our go-to-market is, not to sort of try and blanket the mass spec market, but to really focus on those applications and those end markets where the AxION iQT can be really differentiated. And so -- but as you mentioned, we think it's a fairly sizable market but ones where the combination of the identification and the quantification in one instrument can provide real benefits, both from a result perspective and a lower cost. So it's going to be a much more targeted go-to-market against specific applications.
Tycho W. Peterson: And do you see an opportunity to add LC upfront? I mean, it seemed like there were some potential there at ASMS when you first talked about it. How do you think about that?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think as we talked about ASMS, we think about this as a generation of products. And the first offering had a GC in front of it. I think clearly the opportunity to put an LC is something that we would look to do probably next year.
Tycho W. Peterson: Okay, and then 2 other quick -- just points of clarification, for academic in the back half of the year, I mean you mentioned Japan continues to be okay, obviously, sequestration here in the U.S. Are you assuming academic in aggregate is down in the back half of the year?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I would say, we would think globally flat. And the way I would think about that is outside the U.S., low-single-digits up and in the U.S., we think it's going to continue to be a little bit of a headwind, down a couple of points. Our U.S. business is probably a little bigger. So when you sort of average that together, it's probably -- our assumption is probably flattish.
Tycho W. Peterson: Okay. And then last one, radiochemicals flat in the quarter. I mean, that's been a tough business for a long time. I mean, anything to call out there?
Robert F. Friel: We were quite pleased by that because, as you know, it has been a drag on our revenue for a long period of time. It's a little early to call it trend, but we are getting a sense here that some of the pharmaceutical companies are returning back to screening, particularly with kinase and GPCRs and -- are looking to do it with the radiochemicals. We'd like to see a couple of quarters of this before we're ready, again, to call this a trend. But we are encouraged by the fact that the business was flat in the second quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Brandon Couillard of Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard: Andy, on the operating cash flow in the period, can you describe sort of what happened on the DSO front and whether that should sort of reverse in the second half? I know you mentioned extended payment terms, if you could elaborate there and then, perhaps, give us an outlook for the full year?
Frank A. Wilson: Sure. I mean, I think from a payment term perspective, we have seen some of our larger customers continue to put pressure on payment terms. That's a little harder one to turn around in the near term. But I would say, the other piece, which was also a large portion, was around linearity. I think that's a timing issue. And I think that we should see some of those receivable built up at the end of the second quarter. Collected in the third quarter, we continue to try to work on the linearity side of the business as well. But I think, overall, in the second quarter, that really was the impact. I think if you look at it from a year-to-date basis, really, we just had a couple of items, some accrueds, which were -- it's really more of a timing issue. It includes taxes and other things and then some working capital. I mean, had some CapEx, which is really around the consolidation of the business as we've talked about earlier. So I think, overall, our working capital was kind of a neutral to the half, but as you point out, we do have some work to do on the collection side. I think second half, we're anticipating our free cash flow to net income to be a little below 1x, really, more like 90% because we have some additional restructuring. But I think we're starting to make some headway there around working capital.
S. Brandon Couillard: And then, Andy, just in terms of the -- given where the capital structure is at this point, do you feel like you're in a position to do perhaps more M&A activity? How would you characterize the pipeline? And should we expect any incremental share repurchases in the second half?
Frank A. Wilson: Well, I think we certainly have continued to remain active on the diligence side. And I think there's a number of bolt-on acquisitions that we're in the process of reviewing. So I think M&A, more of a tuck-in variety, is still something that we are very interested in. I think, it really depends on how those actions progress through the second half. If we see our ability to bring in more of those coveted acquisitions, we'll probably do that. If not, we'll probably look at share buybacks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Zarak Khurshid of Wedbush Securities.
Zarak Khurshid: I have kind of a multi-part question for the diagnostic analyzer launches in China. Can you just talk about the competitive environment there? How are you differentiated? Can you give us a sense of how big that business could be down the road and is there may be a U.S. opportunity for that product?
Robert F. Friel: In the Chinese diagnostic market, generally speaking, the way we think about our competitive advantage is, to really go after the Tier 2 hospitals. And our approach there is -- and again, these products are both designed and produced in China, so we have a very attractive cost structure. But of course, we have entered a national quality and brand that we can attach that at. So generally, we've been very successful in going after -- and as you know, Tier 2 is the largest piece of the market there. So you've got sort of international branded and produced products going after Tier 3, have the tendency to be higher cost, and then you've got the local producers that are, really, at the Tier 1. And so we're really focused in that Tier 2 area. And again, providing the combination of lower cost with a higher quality and brand and service associated with an international company is basically how we take -- how we win there.
Zarak Khurshid: Got it. That's helpful. And then just, if you could clarify an answer to a prior question on Verinata. In the second quarter, did you experience a more significant payment delay associated with the new codes versus what you saw in the first quarter?
Robert F. Friel: Well, first of all, it's a relatively small population for us, but the answer is no.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby: First, just a follow-up on the new products that you introduced in China. I was just wondering if you could maybe provide a little bit more color on those, and are those something that can even more accelerate your growth for that business in China?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I mean, basically what they are is they're analyzers for infectious disease, and one of them is really targeted at the fully automated, larger-throughput hospital labs. And we've actually had that out in the second quarter, and we're seeing very good receptivity. We actually sold, I think high-single-digit instruments in the second quarter. So good receptivity on that. And then the other one was really targeted more at the -- as I mentioned, the smaller clinical labs. And again, these are products that are produced in China, designed in China, have a very competitive cost structure and have generally seen pretty good receptivity. Could it accelerate our growth? I think, I would say, I would think about it more as it continues to support our ability to grow 20%-plus in that marketplace.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And then just following up on a comment you made earlier regarding either pricing or mixed issues having an impact on gross margins, was just wondering if you could talk about maybe kind of where or what products you're seeing those on?
Frank A. Wilson: Yes, the comment really is focused more on our Environmental business and really around and the instrumentations -- in the instrumentation side of the equation. I think if you really look at the quarter, we did see some significant instrument sales in Asia. A lot of those were government tenders, and those tended to be a little bit lower in price. And then there was the mix with service, which also had an impact there because service is a -- typically lower gross margins.
Robert F. Friel: So as we talked about, service grew very nicely in the quarter and instruments was sort of flattish. And while service has very good operating margins on the gross margin side, that usually causes a little bit of a negative mix.
Steve Willoughby: Got you. And then just my final question, just because I don't think it's been asked and I just wanted to clarify. If you could just talk about the pacing in the quarter and just how did the quarter kind of wrap up compared to your expectations?
Robert F. Friel: So as Andy alluded to on the receivables side, obviously the linearity for us, and I think a lot of our peers, is challenging in the capital equipment side. I would say the linearity returned to similar trends that we've seen prior to Q1. But I would say, in that regard, though, I think the clarity around sequestration is not what it was in the first quarter. I think increased clarity around Japan and the releasing of the supplemental budget, I think, is sort of helpful. So I think what we've seen is more clarity around the customers' ability to spend money. But having said that, clearly, we continue to have a large portion of our instruments occurring in the last couple weeks of the quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Eric Criscuolo of Mizuho Securities.
Eric Criscuolo: Just filling in for Peter tonight. The weakness in the industrials market this quarter, what kind of customer types were kind of driving that weakness?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, first of all, on the environmental side, we actually saw a little growth on the industrial side. And so the weakness was probably more on the environmental side than it was on the industrial side. But historically, our industrial customers -- or in the chemical, petrochemical end markets is increasing some on the energy side. So I would say that's the majority of what we -- or generally, in industrial.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes. I think in my -- it may have been confusing, but in my prepared remarks, industrial was up low-single digit. And it is, at least historically over the last several quarters, been down. So we did see a sequential improvement and year-over-year growth. My comments also said we don't see that as being the type of growth rates we expect in the second half. We still expect second half to be flat to down low-single.
Eric Criscuolo: Just lastly, your next-generation sequencing services and your informatics around that market, maybe could you talk about how that business has been performing for you and what you see in the future?
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, it's a relatively small business for us. And its a business that has been growing fairly significantly, but of course, off of a very low base. One of the things that we're doing is shifting the emphasis of that business from the research market into more of a diagnostic play, and we've got CLIA certified a couple of months ago. And so with that shift, I would say more recently, we're seeing a little bit of the slowing of growth there, but again, that continues to be a relatively small business for us.
Operator: And I would now like to turn the call back over to Rob Friel for closing remarks.
Robert F. Friel: Okay, great. Well, first of all, thank you for your questions. And while we're closely watching the macroeconomic environment, we were encouraged by our second quarter performance. And I feel good about our organization and our ability to deliver our improved second half guidance. I would like to close by reiterating our confidence in our long-term strategic plans and the opportunity to create shareholder value. Thank you for your continued interest in PerkinElmer, and have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining. Have a very good day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter 1 2013 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jillian, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Tommy Thomas: Thanks, Jillian. Good afternoon, and welcome to the PerkinElmer First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until May 9, 2013. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release, issued earlier this afternoon, and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during the call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we'll provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. As many of you may have seen in our earnings release, in the first quarter this year, we experienced a 1% decline in revenue, following 12 consecutive quarters of greater than 3% organic growth. This lower-than-expected revenue, combined with our previously communicated growth and productivity investments, resulted in lower operating profit, and consequently, adjusted EPS was lower than both our forecast in Q1 of last year. During today's call, I will summarize what caused our top line miss, how it impacted our financial performance this quarter, as well as what we expect for the rest of the year. In addition, I will discuss several of the qualitative accomplishments this quarter. Turning first to our revenue in the quarter. 85% of our product lines performed as we expected and grew quite well during the first quarter. Our shortfall in the quarter was almost exclusively due to 3 distinct parts of our business that together represent about 15% of our revenue. While a small portion of our business, the magnitude of the decline in these areas drove the overall 1% organic revenue decline. The first of these areas was our environmental instrument business in Western Europe, which declined midteens versus our expectation of low single-digit declines. While the revenue declines were fairly broad-based and not restricted to any one country, from an end market perspective, the most significant headwinds were felt in the industrial end markets. As some of you may recall, at the beginning of 2012, we were quite bearish on macroeconomic conditions in Western Europe and planned accordingly. Despite the difficult operating environment in 2012, we were able to significantly exceed our projections in both Q1 and Q2. Although we remain cautious this year, conditions proved to be more challenging than we had anticipated. The second area of unanticipated weakness was in Japan. Japan represents about 5% of our revenue and has recently been growing high single digits. In fact, I was there at the end of 2012 attending a large customer event and did not detect any concern for funding or reduction in demand. Our forecast assumed a slight decline in Japan in the first quarter due to difficult year-over-year comparisons, resulting from strong sales of our radiometric detection instruments generated from the disaster response in 2011 and early 2012. However, our actual results declined over 25%. Lags in government funding resulted from the delay of supplementary budget approval, along with the lower yen and a general cautionary spending environment, impacted not only our radiometric detection business but the majority of our product offerings across the portfolio in Japan. The third factor impacting this quarter's financial performance was a significant decline in our in vivo imaging business, a product line that has a been historically long strong performer, generating midteens growth, and one which we believe we have very strong market share. As a portion of this business that's exposed through academic funding in the U.S., we assumed its growth would moderate to mid-single digits in the early part of this year, due to concerns over sequestration. However, this business was also down more than 25% in the quarter as delays in funding for academic laboratories brought on by austerity concerns were more severe not only in the United States but internationally as well. Due to the significant costs in our in vivo instruments and our strong share in this business, we generally have a strong indication of which customers will purchase and when purchase orders will be received. Going into March, we believed that we had good line of sight to achieve our in vivo forecast. Unfortunately, the majority of our deal pipeline was pushed out due to a number of reasons, which fundamentally centered on concerns over the uncertainty of future funding. Fortunately, we do not believe any of these deals were lost and believe most of the projected first quarter orders will result in future purchases. Before discussing our adjusted operating profit, I would like to briefly touch on the remaining 85% of our business, which as I mentioned previously, performed quite well and continues to generate very good growth. Our Diagnostic business grew mid-single digits and with contributions for both screening and medical imaging. Our screening business experienced good growth across every product area and geography, and with the newborn area growing double digits and our business in China continue to expand over 20%. Also, of note this quarter, was that based on our newborn screening data that appears that birth rates in the U.S. have increased almost 3% in the last 12 months. In the Medical Imaging business, despite difficult year-over-year comparisons, we continued to grow mid-single digits, and in fact, shipped the largest number of panels in the history of the business. Turning to our research business. We experienced good growth in those areas, where we have prioritized our investments, including sample prep for next-gen sequencing and reagents for the biotherapeutic area and High Content Screening. And our informatics business continues to perform well, growing over 20% in the quarter. Finally, in the environmental business, while our instruments have come under pressure, as I mentioned previously, particularly in Europe and Japan, the service business continues to grow, expanding mid-single digits as we win new customers with our comprehensive OneSource program. Turning now to operating income. When we issued guidance, we discussed our plans to use the incremental profit from our planned growth in the first quarter of the year to complete several productivity projects, as well as fuel incremental growth investments. Therefore, we guided to minimal adjusted operating margin expansion in the first half of this year. Since our revenue actually declined slightly in the quarter rather than increase, we, obviously, did not generate any incremental profit from the higher revenue. And as a result, our incremental costs have resulted in lower operating margins year-over-year. In addition, as our revenue shortfall did not become apparent until very late in the quarter, we did not have an opportunity to offset the revenue miss. Furthermore, much of the revenue that experienced the unexpected contraction carries some of our highest gross margins, which further compounded the profit delta and resulted in a very high percentage of the revenue miss flowing through to the bottom line. And for the remainder of the year, we've reforecasted both the top and bottom line assumptions to reflect more modest revenue growth, particularly in the short term. Specifically, we are assuming our demand profile in Q2 is similar to Q1, with Europe and Japan continuing to be challenging. However, we believe our in vivo imaging business will return to positive organic growth this quarter. As we move into the second half of this year, we believe the severity of the headwinds will moderate, and we will return to an organic growth rate more similar to what we had in plan, albeit probably at the lower end of our original forecast. Consequently, we now believe that for the full year, we will grow organically in low single digits as compared to mid-single digits communicated in January. In an effort to offset some of the profit miss from the lower revenue forecast, we will be both moderating our investment plans for the remainder of the year, as well as pursuing additional prudent cost actions and accelerating some previously planned productivity actions. However, given that the large bulk of our business continues to perform as planned and are in attractive growth markets, we believe it is important to maintain the appropriate balance between investing in growth and disciplined cost management. While Andy will cover the specifics of the guidance, overall, we believe Q2 will be another difficult quarter, where our financial results will be below last year. However, we believe that through actions we plan to take in Q2, and some recovery in the impacted areas, the adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS for the second half of the year to be close to our original guidance. Before turning the call over to Andy to cover our financial results in more detail, I would like to quickly highlight some of the areas where we made good progress in the quarter against our management priorities for the year. First of all, in the quarter, we continued to make strong headway on rationalizing our production footprint and are on target to transfer manufacturing several product lines to lower-cost regions by the end of June. We are accelerating our efforts to expand our global reach, most recently through opening of our new South African office. And we are in the process of growing our direct presence in other expanding economies such as Turkey, Israel and Vietnam. This quarter, we continued our efforts through developing the next generation of screening assays for genetic diseases such as SCIDS, which we discussed last quarter, and have now deployed, as well as Fragile X, a genetic disease that can result in mental retardation and neuro degeneration. This assay has already been successful with our collaborators in Hong Kong, and we look forward to expanding use later this year. Additionally, our recently introduced Spectrum Two infrared spectrometer instrument has been introduced in the air monitoring, food analysis, oil analysis and a wide array of applications within customers that meet expanding needs in measuring contamination in the world around us. We also continue to expand our prenatal and informatics capabilities in the quarter, and we are pleased to announce the expansion of our contract with Aetna to include an IPT screening. Aetna's approximately 20 million covered patients will now have access to Verinata Health's verify prenatal test, helping to accelerate the broader adoption of noninvasive prenatal testing. Now let me turn the call over to Andy, and then we'll open the call to your questions.
Frank A. Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. Consistent with prior quarters, I'll provide additional color on our end markets, the financial summary of our first quarter results and details around our revised 2013 guidance. And then we'll open up the call for any questions you might have. As Rob mentioned earlier, the majority of our businesses performed as expected. We did, however, experience declines in instrument demand late in the quarter concentrated in 3 key areas. Specifically, we saw declines in the environmental instrument business in Western Europe, overall weaker demand in Japan and significant declines within the in vivo imaging business. I will provide additional details on our top line performance later in my prepared remarks. Reported revenue for the first quarter declined 1%, while adjusted revenue declined by 2% to $507 million as compared to the first quarter 2012. Organic revenue for the quarter declined 1% as compared to the same period a year ago. Adjusted earnings per share for the first quarter was $0.36 as compared to $0.43 in the same period a year ago, impacted by the lack of volume growth and negative mix with the decline in higher-margin revenue and incremental growth in productivity investments deployed through the quarter. By geography, organic revenue in the Americas grew low single digits. Asia declined low single digits, and Europe declined at a high single digit rate. China remained resilient with growth of approximately 20%. Looking at organic revenue by product category. Recurring revenue, which includes reagents, consumables and service, was solid with mid-single digit growth in the quarter. This was the -- primarily the result of continued demand for our diagnostic products and strength in our OneSource and informatics offerings. Instruments declined at a high single digit rate, negatively impacted by delayed capital equipment spending due to funding delays, primarily in Europe and Japan as we discussed. From an end market perspective, PerkinElmer's Human Health segment represented approximately 56% of reported revenue in the quarter. We served 2 end markets in Human Health: diagnostics, which represented 29% of reported revenue; and research, which represented 27% of reported revenue. Organic revenues for the Human Health segment were flat in the quarter. Organic revenue in our Diagnostics business increased mid-single digits during the quarter, with continuing contributions for both our screening and Medical Imaging offerings. Our screening business benefited from increasing birth rates in the U.S. and the expansion of our prenatal, newborn and infectious disease solutions in key regions outside the U.S. We continue to be pleased with our organic revenue performance for the Diagnostics market in China, which delivered organic growth above 20%, once again, in the first quarter of 2013. As Rob mentioned, we remain optimistic regarding our partnership with Verinata and also we're encouraged by the progress we've made since we launched on February 1. We are also delighted that Aetna will now begin offering the Verinata's verify noninvasive prenatal tests to their 20 million members. Moving to Medical Imaging. The organic revenue grew mid-single digits despite a difficult year-over-year comparison of over 20% organic revenue growth in the first quarter of 2012. This business continues to benefit from OEM relationships in the traditional medical diagnostic imaging offerings, while our CMOS imaging technology continues to be selected for use in adjacent high-growth verticals, including a number of incremental wins in the quarter for industrial, nondestructive testing applications. Turning to our Research business. We experienced mid-single digit declines in the quarter versus the comparable period in 2012, as sequestration concerns in the U.S., European austerity and weak research markets in Asia, most notably Japan, contributed to unexpected delays and push outs late in the quarter in 2 key product lines. Specifically, in vivo imaging declined over 20%, a result of delays in both the U.S. and Europe, while radiometric detection instruments declined significantly due primarily to softness in Japan. Declines in these higher-margin product lines also adversely impacted adjusted operating margins. Regarding informatics, we continue to be pleased with our innovative product offerings, which once again had organic revenue growth in excess of 20% as compared to the same period a year ago, driven by a strong performance from our Spotfire offering and solid demand for the core lab notebook. We are proud to report that our Ensemble Electronic Lab Notebooks solutions for chemistry, biology, and quality assurance and control received superior accolades in Gartner's ELN industry study earlier in the quarter. As you will recall, informatics is now reported as a part of our Human Health segment within the Research business. Moving to Environmental Health, which represented 44% of reported revenue in the first quarter, we serve 3 end markets: laboratory services, which represented 19% of reported revenue; environmental and safety, which represented 17% of reported revenue; and industrial, which represented 8% of reported revenue. During the quarter, we experienced mid-single digit organic growth in laboratory services. Within environmental and safety, we saw low single-digit organic revenue declines, while industrial experienced a mid-teens organic revenue decline, as both of these markets were impacted by lower demand, particularly in Europe and Japan as compared to the same period a year ago. Turning to our adjusted margin performance in the period. Adjusted operating margins in the first quarter were 12.6% as compared to 15.3% in the comparable period a year ago. The key drivers of the significant year-over-year decline were lower revenue, an unfavorable mix, as I mentioned earlier, as well as our previously announced growth in productivity investments, as well as some currency headwinds. Adjusted operating income was $63.7 million as compared to $79 million in the comparable period a year ago, as lower gross margins were modestly offset by productivity actions in SG&A. By segment, adjusted operating margins in our Human Health segment for the quarter were 17.8%, representing a decline of approximately 160 basis points as compared to the first quarter of 2012. This decline was primarily attributable to the adverse mix in our Research business, and growth in productivity investments deployed in the quarter. Our Environmental Health segment delivered adjusted operating margins of 10.4% in the first quarter of 2013 as compared to 14.8% a year ago. This decline is due to lower revenue volumes, resulting from weaker industrial end markets, specifically in Europe and Japan, and an unfavorable instrument mix. GAAP operating income from continuing operations was $35.9 million in the first quarter of 2013 as compared to $36.4 million in the same period a year ago, due primarily to lower revenues mitigated somewhat by lower SG&A spending. On a non-GAAP basis, our adjusted tax rate was approximately 21%, and we now expect our adjusted tax rate for 2013 to be approximately 22%. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the first quarter of 2013 was $0.28 as compared to $0.19 per share in first quarter of last year. As mentioned, adjusted earnings per share was $0.36 in the first quarter of 2013 as compared to $0.43 in the comparable period one year ago. During the first quarter of 2013, we purchased 3.6 million shares of our common stock for approximately $123 million, leaving approximately 2.4 million shares remaining under our current board authorization. As a result, we finished the first quarter with approximately $1 billion of debt and approximately $126 million of cash. Looking at our cash flow performance. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was $11 million as compared to $15 million in 2012. Operating cash flow was impacted by approximately $60 million due to voluntary pension contributions and prepaid royalties paid in the quarter. As a result of these payments, we do not expect to make any contributions to our U.S. pension plan through 2017 and no further royalty is required under this specific multi-year license agreement. Moving to our 2013 guidance. As Rob mentioned, we reassessed our assumptions for the balance of the year, reflecting more modest revenue growth expectations. We will also be moderating our investment plans over the remainder of the year, as well as pursuing appropriate cost actions and accelerating previously planned productivity actions. As a result of these factors, we now expect adjusted organic revenue for the full year to grow low single digits as compared to our original guidance of mid-single-digit growth, with full year adjusted earnings per share for 2013 to be in the range of $2 to $2.10. This guidance assumes interest expense of approximately $45 million and adjusted tax rate of 22% for the year and a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 113 million shares. For the second quarter of 2013, we expect organic revenue growth to be in the range of 0% to 2%, with adjusted earnings per share to be in a slightly wider range of $0.46 to $0.50. As I mentioned on the second quarter call last year, our second quarter results benefited from higher-margin licensing revenue, which we do not expect to reoccur in the second quarter of 2013. This concludes our prepared remarks. And operator, we would like to open up the call for questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Paul Knight, CLSA. Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Rob, if you recall, the gas chromatography, spectroscopy, I think that's what you would define as environmental analytical instruments. I guess, you are assuming that, like past cycles, that this is, what, down for another quarter or 2?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think that's fair. A lot of it -- what we're seeing, Paul, actually is it's dependent to a large extent on geography. So actually, in the U.S. we saw growth -- slight growth in our analytical instruments in the first quarter. But as I mentioned, we saw fairly significant declines in Europe and Japan. China continues to do quite well. So actually, when we look at the growth profile of the company, it seems to be more impacted by geographic region than necessarily application or technique. Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division So meaning, across-the-board, on the analytical instruments side, Raman spectroscopy, GC, LC, et cetera?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I would say across the technologies. Again, when you're thinking about the decline in Japan and Europe, it was pretty much across almost the entire portfolio. Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division And then on the Japan side, you mentioned down 25%. I guess, 17% of that 25% is from the yen, so kind of a mid upper single digit decline in the organic on the Japan side, is that the way we should think about it?
Robert F. Friel: I would say on the currency side, it was probably closer to 10%. And so on an organic basis, it's probably closer to 15%. Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Okay. And then on the in vivo side, I guess, this is the animal imaging technology. What's the ASP on those units? It's high, right, like 250?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, it's that -- in north of that. Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Is the academic side on the in vivo that was soft?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, absolutely. And we expect it because the sequestration, that it was going to be softer. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, this is a business that's been growing consistently midteens or better. And we expected some moderation of that, but we're, quite frankly, surprised by what happened in the first quarter. I think my own view is that I think there's a -- there was a lot of uncertainty as to how budgets would be handled and, of course, people were trying to preserve on to labor and maybe other types of expenses. So they really pushed off a lot, particularly the large capital expenditures. I will say we have started to see, in early part of April, some of that come back. And so as I mentioned, we're fairly optimistic that in this business returns to at least mid- to high single digits for the remainder of the year. Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Yes. And then last, I guess, in Europe, can you say what industries? Was it, oil, gas, petroleum, refining? Was it that area?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say it's largely in the chemical and energy area. I mean, the 2 that I would spike out as where we saw a fairly significant cut back from instrument purchases.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Muken, ISI Group.
Ross Muken: Obviously, a pretty rough quarter. I think as you look at the results, I mean, the thing that stands out to me and sort of the decremental, which shows, obviously, as you said in some parts, you didn't see the sort of revenue miss come probably until late in the quarter, so you weren't able to adjust spending. I guess, when you sort of went back and you sort of sat down with heads of divisions or with the sales force, I mean, how do you feel -- as you sort of think about when you were projecting out for the next quarter, how did you get comfort that you kind of got a hold on, sort of where those businesses are and sort of the causes behind some of the -- I guess, pauses or pullbacks in demand? And then, how much of it going forward is just going to be now, you have to be a lot more proactive on the cost management, because obviously, you don't want to have 150% decremental margins for more than one quarter.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So I would say, first of all, it's 15% of our revenue we're talking about here, so -- and again, in these 3 components, I think first of all, if you take in vivo imaging, it's a business that we have a good share in, so we think we understand almost product by product, or customer by customer what happened in the first quarter, and we can track those. And so again, we're starting to see some recovery. So I think we've got a pretty good handle on what's going on there. Of course, you still have the risk of uncertainty around funding. So we -- like I said, we think this recovers -- starts to recover in the second quarter and in the back half start to get more to what we've seen historically. I think in the case of Japan, as we look back in hindsight and understand it, I think a lot of it was this issue with the supplemental budget that was pushed. Our view is that, when you had a change in government, you created some uncertainty -- and keep in mind, one of the bigger pieces of our business in Japan is the radiometric detection, and a lot of that is government funded. And so we think that will sort itself out over the year. And so we do think there's some recovery there as well. I think the bigger question for us is Europe. And as I mentioned before, and as you recall, we -- in 2012, we're fairly bearish on Europe, and we're surprised with the upside in first half. And so, consequently, I think we're probably more optimistic in our projections than we probably needed to be. So as we think about the rest of the year, I think Japan will recover, I think in vitro will recover -- we're still fairly cautious on Europe, and that's how we tried to build our forecast, in trying to be a forecast that we think is accurate but also achievable.
Ross Muken: And so when you think about managing the business the next quarter or 2. I mean, this has -- when you saw the roll up, you had to be pretty disappointed. I mean, this is a pretty terrible outcome from at least in earnings and op income standpoint. And so, I guess, when you're thinking about what you need to be ready to do or how you need to sort of be proactive to kind of manage through this tough environment, what are the sorts of things, internally, you guys have been discussing? And what sort of in the thought process of -- we, obviously, don't want to have another delta of this magnitude, versus sort of your forecast in the Street. And so what's sort have been the discussion point around that on your side?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I think the other thing to point out is that, as you mentioned, there -- it's not just a revenue drop, but I think probably more surprising than the revenue drop is the flow-through. So whether you look at, for example, year-over-year, we've got over 100% of flow-through where our operating profit decline is greater than our revenue decline, and when you look at relative to plan even it's fairly high. I think one of the things that was unfortunate, particularly, in the first half was that we went into this year, again, assuming we were going to see some growth. And so we were investing both from a R&D and growth perspective, as well as from a productivity program. And so again, with sort of a drop late in the quarter, we couldn't respond to that, and so, consequently, you're seeing increasing costs and no revenue to cover that. And so that's really what's caused the significant flow-through. So consequently, we are looking at a couple of things. We'll probably take some of those investments and defer those, given the revenue drop. We're also looking at pulling in some further productivity plans that we had on track for maybe later in the year in 2014. So I think as we've talked to you in the past is we think we've got a series of things that we can do that continue to drive efficiency through the organization. And then the third thing is we will take a hard look particularly in those areas, where we're not seeing the growth, and in fact, seeing accelerating declines, and we will take some cost actions there. So combination of cost actions in the areas where we're seeing declines, accelerating productivity plans that we would have done either later in the year an '14, and a deferral of some of the investment plans that we had in the second quarter and either later in the year or into 2014.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel, Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel: So just to run through some math. If 85% of your revenue grew at close to mid-single digit levels, the other 15% would seemingly have had to have declined over 30%. Put differently, I believe we're talking about a base of about $75 million to $80 million in revenue, accounting for what was over a $20 million miss relative to expectations. And again, this was all late in the quarter. This seems pretty remarkable, again, given you said that you were on track until late in the quarter. So just to be clear, was the other 85% of your business truly in line with expectations?
Robert F. Friel: So let me just help you a little bit with the numbers. The 85% grew about $3 million, and the 15% declined about $25 million, so those are the numbers. So the answer to your question is, yes. If you look at the 85% -- now, if you look at those products and geographies, those businesses generally were not off more than $1 million individually. Now of course, you have some that are up a little bit, some that were down a little bit, and that's basically all it says [ph]. But the fundamental, the 85% of the revenue, as I said, it did as we projected. With regard to the -- late in the quarter, we look at our revenue through the quarter on a week-by-week basis and measure the percentage of revenue we've achieved to date and compare that sequentially to the percentage in Q4, and we compare it year-over-year to the percentage in Q1. And actually, if you look at week 12 and actually up through week 11, we were tracking within 50 basis points of where we needed to be. And there was really only in week -- partly, in week 12 that we started to see a decline that ended up resulting in the, call it, $25 million miss to the revenue. Now having said that, particularly, when you're talking about instruments, a big portion of our instruments occur in the last couple of weeks of the quarter.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, that's helpful. You indicated, I guess, just kind of digging in again more on the math that Asia-Pac declined low single digits? We talked a lot about Japan. I believe that only accounts for about 5% of sales, maybe that's higher this quarter, typically, given it's the end of the fiscal year. But you combined that with the fact that, I believe you said China growth was still strong. Were there other pronounced areas of weakness in the region?
Frank A. Wilson: The 2 other areas were Korea and Southeast Asia that were really declining significant double digits. So those, combined with Japan, unfortunately offset a relatively good performance in China.
Robert F. Friel: But again, going back to my comments before, there were other areas that were declined. But in these instances this was planned, either because of difficult year-over-year comparisons or various dynamics that were going on in those countries, either from sort of a mix.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro, Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro: On the cost savings that you guys are pulling forward from 2014, can you maybe put a little more detail around what kinds of cost savings they are? And then maybe update us on some of the facility consolidation works you have in store this year, just wondering how much that will help in the back half of the year.
Robert F. Friel: All right. Well, let me take the first one, and maybe Andy can talk about the status of productivity. So I think as we sort of laid out a roadmap in the past, we talked about initially doing some things from a sourcing perspective, doing some things from a factory consolidation and doing some things from a back-office. I think the other opportunity is to do some things on how we go to market. So from a selling and marketing perspective, also as I mentioned in some instances, maybe going direct versus indirect. So those are the types of things that we had teed up largely for 2014. I think we'll look for opportunities to pull that in earlier into 2013.
Frank A. Wilson: And on the other question, we are actually relatively complete with one of our facility moves, which is really the transfer of manufacturing to Singapore and China, and we will start to see the benefit of that in the second quarter, and then the full benefit at the third and fourth. On the other facility consolidation in the U.S., where we're consolidating 3 facilities into 1, the actual activity will be completed in the second quarter, we'll start to see that benefit as well in the second half. And the spending, we -- within the first quarter, the spending was a little over $5 million for these projects -- for these growth and productivity projects. That will decline some, but the savings we're going to generate just from the manufacturing and restructuring on an annualized basis is about $15 million.
Isaac Ro: Okay, that's helpful. And then just, Rob, if I could press you a little bit on the longer-term picture for the business. If we look at the short-term disruption and put that aside for a minute, I think last quarter, you guys were relatively optimistic that the organic growth of the company could accelerate beyond the mid-single digit range in the out years, is that still a fair characterization?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I don't think there's anything that occurred this quarter that changes our mind with regard to that. And again, that's what I wanted to sort of reemphasize the point that -- well, obviously, we want to be responsive to what we're seeing from a revenue shortfall here in the first quarter. We want to make sure that we're balanced from the standpoint of trying to attack the cost in the areas where we think it's appropriate, but we want to continue to fuel this significant opportunities we see. Because we do think with the portfolio we have now and the end markets that we serve, that we do think there's an opportunity to sort of expand faster than mid-single digit.
Isaac Ro: Got it. And then last -- one cleanup item on the financials, Andy. You guys repurchased, I think about 3.5 million shares this quarter, a little more than we had in our model, can you just talk about incremental uses of cash for the balance of the year, just given that you guys didn't update the share count guidance?
Frank A. Wilson: Yes. I think, as I said, our share count for this year will be about 113 million. We had indicated going to the year, we would take out, but it was essentially the option creep from 2011 and we did that. I think going forward, we have an acquisition pipeline primarily of bolt-ons that we're continuing to work through and I think there's some opportunity there. And we will continue to look at further share buybacks as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla, Citi.
Amit Bhalla: Rob or Andy, when you're talking about moderating investments, I wanted to see if you could give a little more detail there, because I think in the past, you've talked about investments in China and Molecular Diagnostics, the NIPT channel and some informatics. So what exactly are you going to be moderating on the investment side?
Robert F. Friel: I think what we'll try to do in here, some of those investments, to the extent that they were sort of people, some of them were sort of marketing and training and those types of things. And what we'll probably do is sort of delay some of those, rather than say being in the second quarter, and maybe we'll wait and look to see how this revenue grows. If we get more comfortable that the third quarter will be at least as we project or maybe better, we'll start to feather those out a little later in the year, or if we have to hold them off to '14. So I would say it's generally in the areas you mentioned there and we'll just sort of moderate that as we see the revenue.
Amit Bhalla: Okay. And the second question is on Medical Imaging. I know the performance was fine in the quarter, but can you just talk to what's happening on flat panel pricing and the competitive dynamics? Anything that we should be aware of that could take place later in the year.
Robert F. Friel: I don't see anything happening on the competitive dynamics that should have any impact on our Medical Imaging business. I think we still feel very good about our share. I think with regard to pricing, and this is something we talked about in the past, this is a business that every year generally has pricing decreases that are, in the last cases, contractual with our customers. Because as volume increases, generally, it's -- think about fab economics, the incremental costs to produce that additional panel is fairly low, and so some of that is shared with the customers. So generally, in any given year, we're probably looking to 100 basis points or so margin contraction, and 2013 is similar.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg, Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Rob, I guess one question with -- I know you said it's hard to kind of de-convolute [ph] what's going on with Caliper, but just given since that was a big investment, what did Caliper grow? I know that in vivo was down, it sounded like you said sample prep was still up, so maybe just some color there?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say, again, it's getting harder and harder to do, but I would say, given the magnitude of the drop in in vivo, Caliper would've been negative in the quarter. I would say it was probably something in the high single digit decline. But as we think about those products and those applications, we still feel very good about it. As I said, I do believe the in vivo imaging has probably mid-teen opportunities as we sort of go out later in the year and into '14. We continue to feel very good about the microfluidics business and think that will see very strong growth in the back half of the year. And I mentioned the fact that sample prep around NGS saw good growth in the quarter, and I think that will continue to do well. I mean, one of the challenges is, as we talked about some of the cannibalization, so we saw very strong growth in our JANUS liquid handling. And some of that was cannibalization of some of the Caliper liquid handling business.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Okay, that's helpful. And then obviously we've been hearing a few company's reports, and it's kind of tough to piece together exactly what's going on and obviously, not everybody sells the exact same product in the exact same market. But I don't know, I guess as you kind of see the business and you think about the M&A opportunities that Andy was referring to, does anything that you're seeing right now, or kind of as you consummated that, does it change how you're thinking about which businesses you want to invest more in, versus ones that you want to invest less in?
Robert F. Friel: I don't think so. I think we still feel good about the growth prospects for all the business. And like I said, I don't -- well, obviously, from a cost and investment perspective, we want to sort of get after this. I don't think we want to sort of overreact from a sort of one quarter phenomena here. And again, I think it's fairly geographically focused in Japan and Europe, and of course, the sequestration impact in the U.S. So I think we'll continue to look across the portfolio. There are areas of the portfolio that we feel better about from the macro trend. So -- and it's clearly, some of the areas of Diagnostics continue to be attractive. And again, we saw a good growth in Q1. Informatics, I think, is an area that again put up very strong numbers in the first quarter, and so I would like to continue to build our capability there. I think that is something that somewhat differentiates us relative to some of the other peers. And of course, China is an area that with 20% growth, is an area that will continue to -- will try and build out our capability there.
Jonathan P. Groberg: I guess one thing I was kind of contemplating, and that was helpful is, do you see -- given someone like Thermo who's really increasing their scale and some of the other players that have really increased scale, I mean do you see any of the things going on in some of these businesses as where it's more difficult for you to compete and there are certain areas that you should either get out of, divest or deemphasize, or you don't see this as a share issue, its more of a mix issue?
Robert F. Friel: I would say, clearly, the competitive landscape is changing. But I think we still feel good about our position in the areas where we're focused. And again, our strategy has been a little different in that we're not really trying to sort of be sort of all things to all people. What we're trying to be is very focused in areas where we think our technology and our intellectual property can be differentiated, and hopefully we can target those in areas that have a little higher growth. So I think we continually are assessing our portfolio. And if there are some product lines on the margin, we think there should be somebody else that might be a better owner, we'll continue to look at that. But I would say, for the most part, we feel good about our positions, we feel good about our technologies, and we think we can continue to be fairly differentiated in our offerings.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Arias, UBS.
Daniel Arias: Rob, over the last couple of quarters, you've kind of expressed a level of comfort with the potential impact from NIH exposure. So I guess, is it just the magnitude of the decline that caught you by surprise, or given that it's not always easy to pinpoint where resources are coming from. You found that maybe federal funding is a bit more meaningful than you thought?
Robert F. Friel: I think first of all, the magnitude of the impact, I think, did catch us by surprise. I think we were saying, it could be 10% to 20%. I think clearly, it was more than that. And my comment previous was, I think, a part of the issue has been just the uncertainty. I think, a lot of the labs are still trying to figure out how it's going to work, will they reach back and cut some grants that have been issued previously? And so I think the magnitude of it was a little higher. I think the other thing is, well, I think it's difficult to tie it directly to sequestration. I think there has clearly been a ripple effect with general austerity. Because again, I'm not sure our exposure is any different than what we thought, and we, I think, sort of calibrated that around mid-single digits. But we were surprised to see the global aspects of it. So again, the in vivo business has probably 50% of its business outside the U.S., but we saw researchers in Brazil and researchers in Asia and researchers in Europe pulling back as well. So I think the general sort of economic austerity, we were surprised by.
Daniel Arias: Got it. Okay. That's good color. And then maybe a strategic one, on the RAD business, do you still feel like that's something that makes sense in the portfolio? And if so, what's sort of the pitch for those assets at this point?
Robert F. Friel: Well, the issue this quarter was really more of the RAD detection, so it's a little different than the issues that we've seen historically. The RAD detection business, it's grown modestly, I would say over the last couple of years. It had a pop because of the tsunami in Japan. But I think what you're probably referring to more is the RAD radiochemical business, which again saw probably a mid- to high-digit decline from a year-over-year perspective. Again, that was something planned, that's something we've seen for quite some time here. And I think as we think about it, it does give us some ability to discuss with certain labs. And we think about disposing of it, we're not sure that we would get a lot of value. Our view is that people will probably just discount the cash annuity. And so as we think about the opportunity to bundle it with some things that we do, we think it still probably makes sense for the stay in the portfolio, but we don't think it's probably ever going to be a significant grower.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Brennan, Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan: Regarding the in vivo business, what's implied in the remainder of your '13 guidance for in vivo growth? And could you share with us, Rob, the details. Like, what gives you confidence in that business recovering towards double digits, which I think you mentioned earlier in the call?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say for the rest of the year, it's probably high single, low double, is what we're assuming. And I would say, if you look at second quarter, it's sort of 5 to 8 and then it sort it picks up as you go through the quarter. And I think what gives us the confidence is there is still a fairly significant pipeline and there's a fairly significant demand from researchers to use that product. It's very instrumental in a lot of cancer research. And so in just the discussion with researchers and looking at the pipeline, we think once we get through some of these funding uncertainties, we think the demand will continue. And again, because we have pretty good insight into the customers and because we have pretty good share here, we're fairly convinced that this is not a share issue, and we're not losing share.
Daniel Brennan: Right, right. So I think earlier in the call, you had mentioned the prepared remarks. It looks like a lot of those orders use felt you actually would recapture, they weren't lost. So is that -- what can you share with us about the commentary there, maybe early action in April thus far, is there any color towards that confidence?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say we are seeing an early -- some of the funding free up a little bit. So I think that gives us a little bit more confidence. But clearly, this is an area we are going to watch very closely. We were surprised in Q1, and so we feel like this will recover, but it's something we're going to have to keep a close eye on. But early indication is in April, it seems to imply that there is some funding freeing up and we're starting to recover some of these that got pushed.
Daniel Brennan: And then, Andy, how did this quarter's results impact your long-term margin targets?
Frank A. Wilson: Well, we've had an 18% target out there for operating margins in 2014 for some time, and I think this obviously makes it more difficult. I think we feel, if we can deliver the second half forecast that we have now, it's still achievable, it's going to make it a lot more difficult to do. But as Rob mentioned, there's some things we're pulling in on a cost savings perspective. And I think some of the initiatives that are actually complete and the cost are rolling off will start to generate some fairly significant savings in 2014. So we're still sticking with that at this point.
Daniel Brennan: Okay. And then, Andy, one more. After a shortfall of this magnitude, I think we'll hope that there's a significant level of cushion in terms of the guidance that you're providing, so that we don't see a shortfall again. Maybe can you just discuss, I think it was an earlier question was asked, maybe a similar question, but can you discuss, Rob, any kind of planning in terms of what you put into this guidance and kind of what level of conservatism if it there?
Frank A. Wilson: Sure. Well, this is the first quarter we've missed guidance in over 10 years, and we do not want to miss guidance again. So we took a very detailed bottoms-up approach to the forecast, and we also then put a very conservative overlay on that forecast. So our confidence level in achieving this forecast is, I would say, high.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson, JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson: Rob, earlier, you kind of laid out some timelines just to how the quarter tracked. Can you just talk as to why you didn't pre-announce given you had the data a week ago?
Robert F. Friel: Tycho, I would say, our practice has been to announce on schedule and not to release early, whether we are positive or negative. Because we don't think it makes sense to go out with incomplete data. Our view is it's better to provide a complete analysis and we wanted to make sure that we -- when we did go out, that we had a complete understanding of what happened, how it affects the business and what we're going to do about it. And to sort of depart from that rigor, would just lead to speculation and probably increase volatility. So we wanted to make sure that we had it buttoned up and said, hey, we fully understand what happened. This is what we think the implications are for the rest of the year, and this is what we think we can do about it. And my own view is to go out with incomplete data, again, just would lead to speculation and further confusion.
Tycho W. Peterson: And then going back to a prior question on Medical Imaging, I know you got a question about flat panel pricing, but just the CapEx datapoints haven't been great around hospital spending. Can you just talk us to what gives you conviction that, that business still holds up for the next couple of quarters?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say, for our guidance, we have generally guided Medical Imaging to relatively modest growth in 2013. And part of that was because we saw a very strong growth in 2012. So our expectations for Medical Imaging, even in the beginning of the year, were relatively modest, I'll call it sort of flat to low single digits and we still think we can deliver that. We did a little bit better than that in Q1, but we have fairly modest expectations for the Medical Imaging business throughout the remainder of the year.
Tycho W. Peterson: All right. And then just lastly, on the environmental business, I don't know that the commentary from your competitors has been as negative as you guys, particularly on Japan. Can you just convince us that that's not a share issue, it's more of a mix issue?
Robert F. Friel: Well, again, I sort of mentioned a little bit before. A significant piece of our Japanese business is radiometric detection. It was down, actually close to 40% year-over-year, and I don't know that any of our competitors do radiometric detection in Japan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin, Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: Tycho sort of got to some of the cleanup questions I wanted to ask, but let me just ask some other ones that I need. Can you just -- how big is, sort of like, the in vivo imaging business in terms of a dollar amount?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. It's about 4% or 5% of the revenue, call it $80 million business.
Derik De Bruin: And I'm going to ask the competitive question another way on this. I mean in Japan, have SHIMADZU and Hitachi, given that the yen has gotten weaker. Have you seen -- was that part of the issue, that people were buying more local suppliers for some of the environmental equipment there?
Robert F. Friel: I think it's -- at this point, it's a little difficult for us to go back and sort of parse out whether our competitors are getting share or not. I mean, I think that's going to take us a little bit time to understand what's going on, and I just sort of mentioned, sort of understanding what are the other competitors. We know because we have a big presence in radiometric detection and that was a big driver to the decline. If you pull that out, actually our analytical instrument business in Japan was down single digits.
Derik De Bruin: Okay, okay. That's actually the data point I wanted. So I guess, and can you just sort of talk about geographies in Europe? I mean, your more pronounced weakness in Germany, that came in late in the quarter, was it more pronounced?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. Actually, when we looked out and sort of mentioned the prepared remarks, it was pretty pervasive. I mean, it wasn't, in fact, actually there was a slight higher downturn -- decrease in sort of the northern and central parts of Europe as compared to Southern Europe. But it was across the board. And again, and what I'm talking, the decline, it was really Western Europe. Actually, Eastern Europe was fine, Eastern Europe grew for us. But when you look across Western Europe, and again, the area I'm spiking out as sort of the significant decline was in analytical instruments, but it was, whether it was north, central, south, they were all down fairly significantly.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And I guess just one final question on -- is there any update you can share on sort of the Verinata transaction, I mean how has that gone so far? What are you seeing? Can you give us any sort of color on that?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I mean, I think Andy mentioned is we're very pleased with -- we launched it February 1, and so we've got a little bit of history here. So we're seeing a very nice uptick running in through our channel. But as I think we mentioned, the key here is you've got to get paid. And so we're taking a very conservative approach to revenue forecasting. But we still feel very good about it.
Derik De Bruin: And along those lines, are you running into -- are there one competitor you're running more into those markets when your people are going out, are you running more into Sequenom or into Ariosa. I'm just curious about who are your people sort of interacting with in the field.
Robert F. Friel: No. I would say, not really. And I think it's continued to validate our hypothesis, as because we had great relationships with the physicians, particularly in this area because of our NTD business, that we're getting great traction and uptick.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Lawson, Securities U.S.
Peter Lawson: Rob, of the 3 issues that happened, which ones are starting to turn around in the first few weeks of Q2, and how are you sure that you didn't lose share and what gives you the confidence it isn't going to bleed into 3Q?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say the area that we're seeing the most significant change was probably in the in vivo area, where we are starting to see some people actually purchase instruments. And as you can imagine, Q4 was down very significantly. So I would say that here. Also in the case of Japan, we will see some recovery there for no other reason than we have much easier comps. I mean part of what was driving again -- and we knew we were going to be down because of the tsunami sort of blip we had in late '11 and early '12, so we will see some recovery in Japan. I mean Europe, it's a little early to tell, because going back to my earlier comments, a lot of the instrument purchases are more back-end loaded in the quarter. So I would say we're not seeing a significant uptick in Europe, but we will probably see some recovery in Japan for no other reason than comps, and we are seeing some improvements in in vivo.
Peter Lawson: And what stops it bleeding into 3Q, let's say, Europe?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think Europe is -- and I think as we have put together the forecast, we have been probably most cautious about Europe. And so I think Japan we feel better about, again, part of that is just comparison purposes. I think in vivo, again, because of our pipeline, but I think we are cautious in Europe. So while we think Europe gets a little bit better, we are forecasting for analytical instruments in Europe still fairly modest demand.
Peter Lawson: And then I mean, is there anything wrong with the reporting systems? And why didn't you see it earlier?
Robert F. Friel: No, I don't think so. As I said, I mean this is something that we track on a weekly basis up until the last 2 weeks of the quarter and then we track it on a daily basis. And we were tracking pretty well. And when you look at both Q4 as a percentage of our revenue during the various weeks and Q1. I think one of the things though as we go back and analyze this in more detail now, we believe what may have been happening is, there were some declines that were inherent in the weekly numbers that were being masked by revenue that was not necessarily beating plan but was just coming in early in the quarter. So while we were tracking, again, on a percentage, we were within 50 basis points of our percentage revenue on -- in week 9, 10, 11, and going into 12. But we think that what was happening was that some of the revenue for the quarter was pulled earlier in some of these areas other than the 3 I mentioned.
Peter Lawson: And in any of those 3 areas you think you've lost share?
Robert F. Friel: As I said, we don't believe so in in vivo, and we've got pretty good visibility into that. We don't believe we're losing share in radiometric detection because, quite frankly, there's not a lot of people that do that. I think there is a question with regard to Europe, and I just don't know that we have enough data to have a good appreciation for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Brokmeier, Maxim Group.
Bryan Brokmeier: You cited OneSource as one sort of area of strength in the quarter and you've been seeing that growth over the last several quarters. There are numerous players in the lab services market, and I was just sort of wondering how are you sort of differentiating your business? A lot of them are also talking about growth in the lab services business and wondering why customers are choosing OneSource over some of the other offerings out there.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say for me, it's probably 2 or 3 differentiators. One is we've been doing it for a long time, we've got a great track record and we've got a lot of experience in doing this, and we've done it with a lot of customers. I would say the second thing is, because of some of the acquisitions we made in the informatics area, call it, 18, 24 months ago. We are now able to bundle some very unique offerings, where we can provide our customers not only opportunities to manage the service aspect of what's going on in their labs, but we're giving them visibility through the use of our informatics capabilities.
Bryan Brokmeier: Okay. And you talked about the weakness of your instruments in the environmental market, and some of your competitors have talked about strengths of their food safety businesses, specifically. I was wondering if you could provide some color around your food safety business and what you're seeing there.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. Actually, food safety was up for us, probably sort of high single digits in the quarter. So we continue to see good growth in the food area. And again, the majority of the weakness that we saw was on the industrial analytics. So the environmental piece, air and water was fine, the food area was fine. We mentioned the fact that the service was fine. It was fairly contained within Europe and Japan, and largely focused in the industrial end markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Zarak Khurshid, Wedbush.
Zarak Khurshid: So how are things developing in China around the blood screening opportunity, government tenders and so forth?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So I would say, we continue to be very pleased with the integration, first of all. I think that's going well into our -- in our business there. And we continue to feel good about our win rate there. In the Q1, we continued to win tenders there, and so we think we're getting more than our fair share of the business. So we continue to be excited about that business and think come '14, '15, that's going to be to a big contributor to our growth.
Zarak Khurshid: Interesting. And then, just curious on the analytical instrument business as it pertains to China, how significant is that, and could your issues in Europe sort of bleed into China, which has issues of its own and maybe isn't immune to some of these kind of credit issues?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. Our analytical instrument business is, call it 60%, 65% of our China business. And as we said, we continued to see very strong growth in China in the first quarter. And the growth was sort of broad-based across all our businesses. All of our businesses in China grew mid-teens or better, including the environmental business.
Zarak Khurshid: That's encouraging. And then maybe I missed it but what was the overall currency impact and if you could comment on the CapEx spend for the remainder of the year, that would be great.
Frank A. Wilson: On the FX side, we did have about a $6 million FX headwind on the revenue side. We did have a flow-through of that. Because of the change in the yen, we don't have a very large cost base or manufacturing presence in Japan, so that flowed through, so we had about a $0.02 hit on the FX side year-over-year. I think the CapEx piece, we're usually about 2% of revenues. That's pretty much on track at least thus far in the first quarter, and I think we may end up being a bit below that in the second half at this stage having reviewed the projects in the pipeline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby, Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby: Two questions for you. First on the earnings guidance. I was just wondering with the new guidance, what you're assuming as it relates to the impacts from currency as a headwind? And then also secondly on that, given the reduction here, are you still having incentive comp in the guidance or was that halted as well?
Robert F. Friel: Andy, why don't you do number one, I'll do number 2.
Frank A. Wilson: Right. Within the full year plan, year-over-year, our currency impact is going to be about $10 million, that's in the forecast.
Steve Willoughby: Okay, great.
Robert F. Friel: Revenue perspective. Yes. So from an incentive comp standpoint, obviously our incentive comp is down significantly. But keep in mind, some of the businesses continue to do well. And in fact, some of our businesses actually did a little bit better than their forecast, so obviously, the leaders in those businesses will continue to expect and will probably continue to pay incentive comp in those businesses. Obviously, the businesses that have not done as well, the incentive comp will be down significantly.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And then my second question was just -- or I guess it will be my third, is on your second quarter guidance and saying that you expect organic growth to be, I think, you said relatively similar to what you saw here in the first quarter. I was just wondering how to think through that with the in vivo business maybe getting bottoming or getting a little bit better, and the Japan business maybe not being as bad as it was in the first quarter.
Frank A. Wilson: Steve, what I had said was the majority of the business would be similar to the first quarter, but we are seeing an uptick. And I think our guidance calls for flat to low single digit in the second quarter, so that is an uptick from the negative one in the first quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Sir, you have no questions at this time. [Operator Instructions]
Robert F. Friel: Great. Well, thanks, everyone, appreciate your questions. So let me just close by saying that despite the performance this quarter by a limited portion of our portfolio, I see a lot to be optimistic about for PerkinElmer for the remainder of 2013, as well as the years to come. I remain confident that we are extremely well positioned to drive our mission of improving human and environmental health through the development of cutting-edge solutions, serving attractive markets. Our ability to weather more difficult economic times is well proven, and I believe we can continue to deliver strong shareholder returns and accelerate our growth through the quality of our offerings, as well as our operating discipline and the dedication of our 7,500 terrific employees. Thank you, again, for your continued interest in PerkinElmer, and have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2012 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jeff, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. And you have the floor, sir.
Tommy J. Thomas: Thanks, Jeff. Good afternoon, and welcome to PerkinElmer's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until February 14, 2013. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call, that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I am now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. We're pleased to report another great quarter for PerkinElmer, rounding out an excellent year for the company, in which we delivered strong financial performance while continuing to invest in improving our growth and profitability profile. Turning first to the financial results in the fourth quarter. Reported revenue grew 6% and organic revenue grew 3% in the period. Adjusted operating margins and EPS were roughly in line with our forecast at 18.3% and $0.65, respectively. We were very pleased to deliver such solid performance in the quarter, particularly given the tough comparisons versus the extremely strong fourth quarter we had in 2011. Also during the fourth quarter, we made excellent progress on our productivity programs to rationalize our production footprint, shift production to lower-cost regions and better leverage our G&A expenses. In addition, we continued to make strides in expanding our capabilities into targeted high-growth markets. For example, we completed the acquisition of Haoyuan Biotech, which is based in Shanghai and is a supplier of molecular infectious disease screening technologies. In addition, Haoyuan holds only 1 of 5 government approved licensing, allowing it to leverage its NAT technology in blood screening centers throughout China. The combination of PerkinElmer's distribution channel and capability and Haoyuan's leading automation assay technology and manufacturing expertise creates a formidable competitor in the large and growing Chinese blood screening and diagnostic markets. Also in the quarter, we announced our entry into the noninvasive prenatal testing market through a collaboration with Verinata Health. We believe that incorporating Verinata's verified test into PerkinElmer's extensive distribution channel will further extend our leadership position within maternal fetal health and help to accelerate the broader adoption of noninvasive prenatal testing. Now looking back at the full year 2012. Reported revenue grew 10%. Organic revenue grew 5% and we expanded adjusted operating margins by 100 basis points. This improved profitability translated into adjusted earnings per share growth for 2012 of 13%, resulting in adjusted EPS growth of over 100% over the last 5 years. We achieved this strong performance by continuing to strengthen our organization and technical capabilities, and focusing on serving customers in attractive high-growth end markets. Through targeted investments such as our new Shanghai headquarters and application centers and our new customer relationship center in Krakow, Poland, in addition to increasing the number of emerging market-based employees from 1,500 to 2,000, we expanded our emerging market presence, which now accounts for nearly 30% of total revenue. On the innovation front, bolstered by a $30 million -- $38 million increase in R&D spending over the last 2 years, we have delivered breakthrough solutions across our detection, imaging and informatics capabilities. A few highlights include the introduction of our direct sample analysis for mass spectrometry that utilizes a disruptive approach to sample preparation, producing results in only seconds, allowing advanced chemical analysis of many sorts of samples. The vector imager, which allows pathologists to examine several biomarkers simultaneously on a single sample, slide sample, has seen terrific adoption. Skin testing was introduced this year as a novel lab and lab offering in California and Florida, expanding the spectrum of available molecular assays for newborn and childhood screening. And finally our informatics team is incorporating the power of spot fire visualization software with our various Cornerstone offerings to the pharmaceutical, chemical and other industries for better management of the complex laboratory R&D efforts. Informatics and software continue to be a major effort of R&D at PerkinElmer, as we bring useful knowledge to our customers' fingertips, through the marriage of innovative sample preparation, advanced instrumental analysis and leading information technology. We also took strides last year to improve our operating efficiencies and align closer to our global customer base. These moves included repositioning certain manufacturing and R&D assets, as well as organizational changes to allow a more market focused approach with our customers. One of these changes, which is effective in the first quarter of 2013, is to better align our informatics and certain portions of our service business to the end markets they serve, which should provide greater synergies and focus to both our customers and PerkinElmer. This change will result in a shift of about 7% of our adjusted revenue from Environment Health to Human Health for 2013. And our website will provide a reconciliation of these changes. As we move into 2013, our approach will be similar to last year, and we'll focus on driving profitable growth and returns to shareholders by strengthening our organizational and technical capabilities, gaining continued traction on our productivity improvements and targeting attractive high-growth markets. Turning now to 2013 guidance. We are currently assuming the organic growth rates in our end markets this year will be similar to what we experienced in 2012, with the exception of Medical Imaging, which due to the strong demand experienced last year, will face a significant headwind in 2013. However, we expect the investments we made in the latter part of 2012 to offset the lower growth for Medical Imaging. And accordingly, we are forecasting full year organic growth to grow in the mid-single digit range of 4% to 6%,  with a view more towards the lower end in the first half and towards the upper end in the back half. Similarly, our operating margin expansion will be skewed to the second half of the year through the continued investment required in 2 of our productivity programs, which are scheduled to be completed midyear. In addition, we are planning to increase our investments to support several of our recent growth initiatives, including building out Haoyuan's molecular assay menu, expanding Spotfire's capabilities in life science research and investing in our prenatal channel in our collaboration with Verinata. We are comfortable increasing our investments in both growth and significant productivity programs due to the savings we are already seeing -- starting to see, from our prior programs, as well as our confidence that our growth investments will pay dividends as early as 2014. Consequently, despite these investments pressuring margins in the first half of the year, we believe we can expand adjusted operating margins in the 50 to 75 basis points in 2013, achieve adjusted operating margins of 18% or better in 2014, and provide a stronger foundation to expand growth and profitability beyond 2014. Given the forecast of organic revenue growth and adjusted margin expansion, we estimate adjusted earnings per share for 2013 in the range of $2.24 to $2.32, representing an increase of 9% to 13% over the prior year. However, and more importantly, executing on our 2013 operating plan will allow us to enter 2014 much better positioned to accelerate both top and bottom line growth over the next several years. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy.
Frank A. Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. Consistent with prior quarters, I'll provide some additional color on our end markets, a financial summary of our fourth quarter results and details around our 2013 first quarter and full year guidance, and then we'll open it up for questions. As Rob mentioned earlier, we were pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter, delivering another solid quarter of organic revenue growth, despite a very difficult comparison to the fourth quarter of 2011. Reported revenue for the fourth quarter increased 6%, while adjusted revenue increased by 4% to $577 million, as compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. Organic revenue for the quarter increased 3%, as compared to the same period 1 year ago. Adjusted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.65, driven by in-line organic revenue growth. Adjusted operating margins also came in as expected, with the impact of a higher stock price and a long-term compensation expense offset by a slightly lower tax rate. Organic revenue increased 3% in both our Human Health and Environmental Health segments versus the same period last year. By geography, organic revenue in both the Americas and Asia grew at a high single digit rate, while Europe declined at a high single-digit rate. We continue to experience strong demand in China, with organic revenue growth in excess of 20%, with some moderation in the rest of the BRIC countries, which faced their toughest comparisons of the year. As a reminder, we will continue to cycle up against difficult emerging market comparisons in the first quarter of 2013. Looking at organic revenue by product category. Recurring revenue, which includes reagents, consumables, and service, grew high single digits in the quarter, primarily the result of continuing demand in our Human Health segment and strength in our 1 source and informatics offerings. Instruments and components declined at a low single-digit rate, cycling up against low double-digit growth comparisons from the fourth quarter of 2011. From an end market perspective, PerkinElmer's Human Health segment represented approximately 48% of reported revenue in the quarter. We served 2 end markets in Human Health diagnostics, which represented 26% of reported revenue and research, which represented 22% of reported revenue. Organic revenue from our Diagnostics business increased mid-single digits during the quarter, with continued contributions from both Screening and Medical Imaging. Our Screening business continues to benefit from the stabilization of U.S. birth rates and the expansion of our prenatal newborn and infectious disease screening solutions in key regions outside the U.S. We were encouraged with our sales uptake in China, delivering organic growth above 20% in the fourth quarter of 2012. Our Medical Imaging business continued to see broad-based organic growth across all key technologies and applications in the period, with particular strength in our traditional medical diagnostic imaging offerings. We remain pleased with the growing acceptance of our CMOS imaging technology, which has benefited from numerous design wins in new high-growth verticals, such as breast mammography and nondestructive testing for industrial applications. For the full year 2012, Medical Imaging delivered a very strong double-digit organic growth performance. Our research business was flat organically in the fourth quarter versus the comparable period in 2011, as fiscal cliff and sequestration uncertainties in the U.S., as well as weak European research markets contributed to softer demand early in the quarter. We are, however, encouraged by the research business's strong finish to the year. Moving to Environmental Health, which represented 52% of reported revenue in the fourth quarter, we served 3 end markets: Laboratory Services, which represented 26% of reported revenue; Environmental and Safety, which represented 19% of reported revenue; and Industrial, which represented 7% of reported revenue. During the quarter, we experienced low double-digit organic growth in the Laboratory Services segment. Within the Environmental and Safety segment, we saw flat organic growth, while our industrial segment experienced a low double-digit organic revenue decline, as both of these latter segments cycled up against double-digit organic growth comparisons from the fourth quarter last year. We continued to see strong acceptance of our laboratory service and informatics offerings, as we help our lab customers better manage their critical laboratory assets and related data needs. Our OneSource offering continues to be a key differentiator for us, as evidenced by our ability to expand our presence with key pharmaceutical customers throughout 2012. Turning to our margin performance in the period. Adjusted operating margins in the fourth quarter were 18.3%, as compared to 18.5% in the comparable period a year ago. This performance was in line with our expectations given the growth and productivity investments made in the quarter, as well as a very difficult year-over-year comparison, which was further exacerbated by the timing of the Caliper acquisition in the prior year. Adjusted operating income increased 3% in the quarter to $105.6 million. By segment, adjusted operating margins in our Human Health business for the quarter were 22%, representing a decline of approximately 100 basis points, as compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. This decline was primarily the result of the impact from the Caliper stub period in 2011 and previously announced growth in productivity investments deployed in the full fourth quarter of 2012. Our Environmental Health segment delivered operating margins of 19%, representing a decrease of approximately 30 basis points. This decline was within our expectations and was primarily due to the growth and productivity investments previously mentioned. GAAP operating loss from continuing operations was $30.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2012, versus a loss of $25.9 million in the same period a year ago, due to charges related to trademark rationalizations, as well as the year-end mark-to-market pension plan adjustments. On a non-GAAP basis, our adjusted tax rate was approximately 20.5%, and we expect our adjusted tax rate for 2013 to be approximately 23%. GAAP loss per share from continuing operations in the fourth quarter of 2012 was $0.14, compared to a loss of $0.74 in the fourth quarter of last year. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.65 in the fourth quarter 2012 and at the midpoint of our guidance range. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the fourth quarter with approximately $940 million of debt and approximately $171 million of cash. We continue to make progress on our delevering efforts, as we exited the quarter with a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.3x and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.9x. Looking at our cash flow performance. Full year operating cash flow from continuing operations was $154 million, as compared $234 million in 2011. Incremental cash tax payments, prepaid royalties, higher receivables due to the timing of revenues in the fourth quarter and restructuring charges related to our productivity initiatives, negatively impacted our performance in both the quarter and the year. Overall, we are pleased with our performance in 2012, and feel we are on track to deliver on our longer-term organic growth and adjusted margin expansion targets. Looking back at our performance for the year, our reported revenues increased 10%, with organic revenue growth of 5%. Adjusted operating margins expanded by approximately 100 basis points to 16.5% despite significant selling and productivity investments, and adjusted earnings per share grew to $2.06, a 13% improvement over the comparable period last year. Now I'd like to discuss our 2013 guidance in a bit more detail. We expect adjusted revenue for the full year to grow mid single digits, with the second half of the year expected to be slightly higher than the first half. Regarding adjusted operating margins, we expect expansion of 50 to 75 basis points, with margin expansion to be more back half weighted due to our continued growth in productivities investments slated for the first half of 2013. Interest expense is expected to be similar to 2012. Our adjusted tax rate, as I previously noted, is expected to be 23% for the year. And our weighted average diluted share count is assumed to be flat or approximately 115.7 million shares. Based upon these assumptions, we expect adjusted earnings per share for 2013 to be in the range of $2.24 to $2.32. For the quarter, first quarter of 2013, we expect adjusted revenues to be in the range of $525 million to $535 million, with foreign-currency headwinds of approximately 1% based on current exchange rates and organic revenue of 3% to 4%. Based upon these assumptions, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.46 to $0.48, which assumes the inclusion of the 2013 R&D tax credit, which represents less than $0.01. This concludes my prepared remarks, Jeff. I guess, at this time, we would like to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Paul Knight with CLSA. Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Was the acquisition total in the cash flow statement related to the Chinese transaction?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. Yes, it was. Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division And then the follow-up would be on the geographical growth that was a high single-digit decline in both Europe and U.S., and what was behind it? Pharma?
Robert F. Friel: No, I would say in Europe, it was high single -- in the U.S., actually, it was up, mid- to high-single. And then, of course, the Asia portion was also up high-single. And I would say, the European decline was not restricted to Pharma. We also saw it on the industrial side as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Muken with ISI Group.
Vijay Kumar: This is Vijay, in for Ross. So my first question was -- actually, I wanted to dig a little bit on the subsegments. I mean, if you look at lab services, you did comment OneSource has been -- seen tremendous uptick from bio pharma. I mean, we've seen strong growth in that subsegment. What's sort of the outlook -- as you look forward, sort of -- how long can we expect, I guess, this strong performance?
Robert F. Friel: I think we can continue to see good growth in OneSource because what we've been trying to do particularly over the last, probably 6 or 9 months, is to look to expand that beyond Pharma. So I think we see some opportunities, particularly as we combine it with our informatics offerings to go into chemical industries and maybe some of the food and beverage opportunities. So I think we're continuing to believe that we can see mid-single growth, maybe even a little bit better than that in the OneSource area.
Vijay Kumar: Great. And my second question was on the guidance. So, what's baked in the guidance in terms of assumptions around sequestration? And do you have anything baked in from the Verinata marketing agreement?
Robert F. Friel: So with regard to sequestration, as you probably know, that's not a -- the NIH funding is not a significant exposure for us. We think it's probably in the mid-single digit range from a perspective of revenue exposure. And for purposes over our '13 assumptions, market assumptions, we're assuming that it will look very similar to what we saw in 2012. And the way I would describe it is, sequestration clearly had an impact on slowing some of the grants and funding down, but probably not as strong a decline as you would expect under a, call it, a full sequestration. So, I mean, I guess to sort of give you some kind of sense of impact, with about 5% of our revenue exposed. If there was a 10% decline, it would be about a 50 basis point headwind on our organic growth. We're probably assuming something like half of that, which is probably what we saw in 2012. Just to give you some kind of calibration. With regard to the Verinata arrangement, and again, as I mentioned before, one we're quite excited about from a long-term implication. However, with regard to 2013, we have a de minimis impact on both the top and bottom line.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro: I just want to touch on innovation for this year. You guys have developed a lot of new businesses and acquired other assets. Anything in particular regarding informatics that we might be able to expect from you this year, it's a little on the quiet side there since you made a bunch of acquisitions in 2011. So just wondering what's going on in informatics. And then also, on Kevin's side, with Caliper, what can we expect from this franchise this year?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say with regard to the informatics, we're quite excited about this collaboration we announced, and it started in the fourth quarter with Spotfire. So we're investing in and around that to expand out the capabilities in the life sciences area, and we're continuing to build out sort of additional generations of current software releases. So I think you'll continue to see a big investment in and around the informatics area. With regard to the LST area, maybe I'll just have Kevin talk to that specifically, with regard to the innovation.
Kevin Hrusovsky: Yes, Isaac, I think the key thing that we were very excited about is the Vectra tissue imaging, which we had very strong growth really in the second half of 2012 and that's -- our ability there is to multiplex numerous biomarkers simultaneously and companies like Genoptix and Novartis and others have now adopted it for LBT and are able to do some pretty important tests like the four score on breast cancer. And so we think that this technology is not only going to get continued adoption in 2013 for tissue, but we also are now moving it into circulating tumor cells and feel that this whole area is going to continue to broaden out and looking at multiple markers simultaneously as a way to eliminate and reduce false positives and negatives, so we're pretty excited about those advances. I'd say that's the primary area for 2013.
Isaac Ro: Great. And I think I'll just ask a follow-up on margins. How much -- as you look at your guidance this year, how much of the margin upside versus your sort of base case scenario, would you say is dependent on top line leverage versus, maybe, other operational improvement that you're sort of working on in the background.
Frank A. Wilson: I think it's about 50-50. I think in the past, we said, we needed mid-single digit growth to drive 75 to 100 basis points, and I think where we are situated now about 1/2 -- if we hit the volume now, about 1/2 of that flow-through will be related to the volume.
Operator: Our next question comes line of Dan Brennan with Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan: Can you just help think about for '13, in terms of segment dynamics and what type of growth was implied in your mid-single growth across environmental and human health, and any notable tough comps we should be aware of, as you see it?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So I would say, if you went through the sort of 3 key areas, they all were forecasting, we'll probably be in the mid-single range. I think when you think about Diagnostics, probably, the Screening business, we think will probably be a little better in '13. Andy alluded a little bit to the fact that we're seeing -- we are seeing some positive trends on birth rates in the U.S. We believe in the fourth quarter that we actually went to positive birth rates, probably about 1.5% up on a trailing 12 months. So we're expecting a little bit better growth on the Screening side. But to your point of tough comps, the Medical Imaging business saw a very strong double-digit growth in 2012. Some of that was timing oriented relative to customer ordering patterns, and that is going to be a headwind, we don't expect them to -- obviously, to be able to repeat that. And so we'll probably experience Medical Imaging, probably in the low-single digits in 2013. So when you put that together with a little bit stronger Screening growth, we'll probably be looking at mid-single digits. Again, on the Environmental side, when you look at both the service and the product side, we think that will be mid single-digits. And now particularly with the Informatics business being combined with the historic LST business, we think that's probably going to be mid-single as well.
Daniel Brennan: Okay, great. And then maybe just on the -- a little bit more color on the pacing of the investments that you've been making, are making that are going to lead to this increasing leverage in 2014. Can you help, maybe, just put a little more details behind some of these investments and kind of how they translate into margins?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So we've been really talking about probably 3 major programs, 2 of them probably dealt more on the cost of sales side with regard to production. One was actually reducing our footprint, and the other was shifting production in the lower-cost areas. Those -- our anticipation is, will be completed probably at the end of the second quarter and so you'll see some benefit in the third and fourth quarter of 2013, and then, a full year of benefit in '14. And then the other one we've been talking about is leveraging our general and administrative costs is mostly our back-office and we're moving that in the sort of low-cost regions. That's a project that will start to skip some benefits in '13, but we'll continue to sort of drive some additional changes probably throughout the year. And you probably won't see the full impact of that in 2014. But I think when we've talked about the potential opportunity here, it's -- in those 3 programs alone, we're probably in the 50 to 100 basis point margin improvement.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard: Rob or Andy, is there any way you can give us a sense for how much exposure you have to the environmental issues in China, in terms of supplying product into that geography?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So you know, we've talked about China being about 10% of our revenue. And I would say, the portion of our revenue that is at what I would call sort of the broader environmental, where you include water and soil and air and food, it's probably -- I don't know, 30% to 40% of our revenue in that area. So it's probably in the $60 million plus.
Daniel L. Leonard: Okay, that's helpful. And then my follow-up, how are you thinking about things like share repurchases in 2013? It looks like that's not in your guidance, but I wanted to at least take your temperature on that?
Frank A. Wilson: Well, when I gave -- this is Andy, by the way, Dan. When I gave the assumptions for guidance, I essentially said flat share count. So we obviously have some option creep during the year. So our assumption would be, we would certainly take that out. We obviously have been looking and continue to look at share repurchases. And we do that vis--vis with our capital review, and we are also looking at bolt-ons and tuck-ins. So I think we will keep share count flat, I think in a minimum, and we'll look at other opportunities as they come up.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel: The first question is really just a follow-up to Dan's question. Could you share anything in terms of how you're thinking about M&A criteria from here? You got the debt to adjusted EBITDA down to 2.3x. It doesn't sound like you're going to move forward with a more significant buyback. It's been a little while since you've been through a period where you've been a bit more acquisitive, is this a year where we should expect more, or are you thinking more disciplines, tuck-in type deals?
Robert F. Friel: I think it's more the latter. I think as we've talked about in the past, if you go back to the '08 timeframe, we did feel there were some significant gaps in our portfolio that we needed to fill. As I sort of look at the portfolio today, I feel much better about it. So I don't see any pressing need to go out and do any large deals for that matter. And so I think what you should expect from us is probably more bolt-ons. Now relative to 2012, where we did very little, I would expect that the pace of small bolt-ons to probably increase in '13. But again, I would -- be unlikely for us to do a large sized deal in this environment.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. And just going back to your prepared remarks and some of the details that you provided on the different performance across subsegments. I think you guys indicated that research revenue was about flat organically, and I think you attributed this in part to concerns around sequestration and some of the concerns about austerity in Europe. I believe economic government accounts for under 1/3 of the subsegments sales, and you talked about how small your NIH exposure is across the business in response to an earlier question. So I was hoping that you could just talk about really growth in the research subsegment outside of academic government. Was growth materially more robust? And if not, is there anything else going on there in terms of price or competitive dynamics?
Robert F. Friel: I would say the first thing is whenever you think about our Research business, you need to keep in mind that $100 million or so of our business is in radiometric detection and radio chemicals. And that was down sort of high single, low double in the quarter. And so -- and part of that is, it is cycling up against some difficult comps relative to on the detection side with the tsunami in Japan during 2011, we were selling a lot of instruments into that segment. So when you pull that out, the segment actually grew pretty well in the pharmaceutical side, call it, mid single digits. But of course, it gets pulled down by what's going on in the rad area.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Wood with Jefferies.
Jon Davis Wood: Andy, can you give us some parameters around cash flow for 2013?
Frank A. Wilson: Sure. I mean, we obviously are going to get the benefit of some of the AR buildup we saw in the fourth quarter, so that will help us a little bit. I think -- always going in, our goal is to deliver free cash flow equal to net income. I think it will be slightly below that in 2013. And that's because of finishing out these 3 projects that will require some restructuring that will impact cash flow. But I think beyond that, everything else should be kind of in line with what you would expect from improvement and working capital terms and kind of a 1x net income.
Jon Davis Wood: Understood. Can you -- are you willing to quantify -- I know you had restructuring charges in '12 related to at least 2 of those major programs. Can you qualify that? Is that spillover basically into '13 -- in the first half of '13?
Frank A. Wilson: A lot of the restructuring, especially in some of the latter phases of the manufacturing side, as well as some of the back-office consolidation really occur in '13. So it's the incremental piece that's going to impact us and that -- we have not quantified a dollar amount. There's a lot of things going on that we prefer not to. But clearly, as we wrap up these projects, there's going to be some incremental restructuring as we close some of these facilities.
Jon Davis Wood: But year-over-year, that number is lower, so there's less restructuring charges in '13?
Frank A. Wilson: No, there will be more restructuring charges in '13. There will. Because some of the areas that we're starting to finish up, some of the restructuring charges that began in '12 will bleed over into '13, and we also have some new restructuring charges related to some of these that will commence in the second and third quarter.
Jon Davis Wood: Okay, understood. Just to be clear, we're talking about cash flow, right? I'd also love if you could quantify the P&L impact. I think you gave, it was 80 basis points last quarter. What did that do in the P&L in the quarter, and should we expect that same magnitude in the first half of '13?
Frank A. Wilson: Are you talking about the impact from these charges related to these programs that we're talking about?
Jon Davis Wood: Yes. You called out -- I think in the third quarter, you called out 80 basis points of OP margin impact...
Frank A. Wilson: I think it was about 90 basis points in the fourth quarter. And I think we will see that continuing on into the first and second quarter. It will taper off a little bit in the third quarter as the manufacturing programs are completed. We'll still see the back-office consolidation spend continue really through the middle part of the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Lawson with Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson: Andy, I was just wondering if you could give an outlook for gross margins for 2013? And what was pressuring margins in the quarter? Was it mix shift or assay?
Frank A. Wilson: It was primarily mix and some of the productivity investments we talked about. I think if you look at 2013, we don't normally give gross margin forecasts, but I think we'll see some improvement in gross margins, as these programs that we talked about are completed. And we'll see the benefit of those and then we won't see the spend associated with it as well. So we should see, maybe a little bit of pressure on the margin, gross margins in the first half and some benefit in the second half and overall, I think it will be a net benefit.
Peter Lawson: What was the impact of mix on the gross margin? Any way of quantifying that?
Frank A. Wilson: I don't have it cut that finely, but it was a large piece of the 110 basis points.
Peter Lawson: And was there any pricing issues?
Frank A. Wilson: Not that I'm aware of. I think pricing, for us, was fairly steady.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Zarak Khurshid with Wedbush Securities.
Zarak Khurshid: So with respect to Verinata, can you just describe how that agreement came to be? And you mentioned some investments there, what exactly do those entail?
Robert F. Friel: So we had been in discussions with Verinata for some period of time because being a strong player in prenatal, particularly on the biochemical screening and with the signatures arrays, and we've talked about this in the past where we also are doing some things internally around some R&D projects in noninvasive prenatal, but we're also talking to some of the outsider providers as well. And in looking at, at least our assessment of the technology was out there, we thought Verinata had the best technology and the best tests. So like I said, we've been in discussions with them for some time and consummated that with the announcement a couple of weeks ago. And the questions with regard to the investments, it's largely around just continuing to build out our channel in prenatal. I would say build out the channel and train our sales force. And so we're making some investments with regard to that in the first half here.
Zarak Khurshid: Great. And just as a quick follow-up, could you just elaborate a little bit on the Haoyuan molecular expansion plans for this year?
Robert F. Friel: Sure. So what Haoyuan has is -- think of that as DNA assays around infectious disease. And it's very complementary to what we do today with SYM-BIO. SYM-BIO has immunoassays, whereas Haoyuan provides the molecular test. And today, most of Haoyuan testing is done in blood banks and so our plan is to take those assays, combine them with what we do in SYM-BIO and actually go into the hospital. And what that will allow us to do is to tell the subtype with regard to the infectious disease. And so it's very complementary from a testing perspective and we think it will be very complementary to our channel access within China. Again, leveraging our SYM-BIO capabilities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: So just, actually, I just sort of wanted to keep on going with some of the questions that were just asked. Could you just talk a little bit more about what will be your sales channel for sort of the newborn screening market and prenatal screening markets? I just -- could you touch -- can you just elaborate a little bit on how you've -- what customers you're serving? How you're touching them? Basically, how you intend to go to market with this new offering?
Robert F. Friel: Is this with prenatal, specifically?
Derik De Bruin: Prenatal, I'm just -- in general discussion of your assets there, specifically, how you're going to take this new prenatal, noninvasive test to customers.
Robert F. Friel: Right. So I think you know, Derik, we call on the doctors today, the MFM's today, because we do biochemical screening with NTD. And in many instances, in our discussions with doctors, particularly where there's a high risk expecting mother, they've been asking us about NIPT. So I think this is going to be a relatively easy sale for our sales force to basically say, and to the extent that, they want to do a biochemical screen, they go to NTD. To the extent that they want to do an IPT, we give them the verifi test. And to the extent they want to do a chromosomal analysis, we -- I get them in touch with Signature Genomics. So again, it gives us this terrific complementary offering where depending on what the doctor -- depending on the test that the doctor wants to use, we can offer, again, whether it's NTD or the verifi test and they'll get all the same billing from PerkinElmer.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. And how many people do have out there? How many salespeople do you have doing this?
Robert F. Friel: So on the prenatal side, we've got about 50.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. And that hits all the U.S. geographies and all the major area territories?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I would say all the major areas.
Derik De Bruin: Okay, that's very helpful. And I guess -- I know there's agreements for the U.S. only, but -- so can you discuss then -- do you intend to expand it into more international markets? And then, once again, similarly, what's your channels and sort of like international markets look like?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, and I would say the other thing before with the U.S. another important point to make is, in addition to the customer contacts in the channel, I think maybe even more importantly, is we have the contracts with the healthcare providers. And so I think we mentioned in the press release that we have close to 100,000 -- 170,000 covered lives under contract. And so I think that's the other significant opportunity, or as I think we can accelerate the coverage of NIPT because of the relationships and the contracts we have with the providers. So when you go outside the U.S., so outside the U.S. on a prenatal side, we have very extensive capabilities. We're probably the largest prenatal provider in China from the standpoint of a distribution perspective, and very strong capability in Europe as well. And so the plan ultimately is to potentially extend some of the things we're doing in the U.S. into the global arena.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson: Maybe -- just one on the service business. Can you just talk to the o-U.S. service priorities and opportunities, and in general, for the service business. Can you talk about margins, how do you see the margin improvement potential there?
Robert F. Friel: So, I think, outside the U.S., we continue to see good growth there. Generally, what happens is we sort of start working with some pharmaceutical companies, it's generally in the U.S. and then it gets extended into other sites that they have, in Europe and in Asia, et cetera. Also, at the same time, we've been building out our capabilities, particularly in the Pac Rim, and so we're continuing to see good growth there. So I expect that to continue. The margin on service, if we're talking about sort of traditional service, the margins there continue to be very strong. I would say above the corporate average. I would say, for the multi-vendor business, that's probably a little bit under the corporate average, particularly when we first enter into a contract. But when you look at service together, again, above the corporate average with regard to operating margins.
Tycho W. Peterson: And then on the emerging markets, for the Infectious Disease, blood testing business, are there catalyst or milestones we should be thinking about? Obviously, it's a large market opportunity. You highlighted you're one of several vendors there. How should we think about milestones to track that business?
Robert F. Friel: Well, the way to think about it, first of all, is the Chinese government has mandated by 2015 that all blood screening be net tested. And so what is occurring between now and then is various tenders that are going on. And so as we think about -- so the milestones between now and 2015, virtually all of the blood screening labs in China will have to adopt one of the 5 providers. And so I guess that's way to think about it as these -- some are obviously larger than others. But it's really thinking about how the tenders -- how we do in the tenders as we lead up to 2015.
Tycho W. Peterson: Last one, just -- can you comment on the mid-tech tax, how you're thinking about that, that impacting numbers and if you need to [indiscernible]...
Robert F. Friel: For us, it's a relatively small impact. I think with regard to the products that, that is imposed upon, it's mostly the newborn screening in the U.S. And so first, it's going to be less than $2 million for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Arias with UBS.
Daniel Arias: Maybe just a quick one on the Signature Genomics business. Can you just update us there on a revenue  run rate? And maybe the growth that you're seeing there? It seems like there's some favorable technology trends working for you. So it would just be great to try and gauge that.
Robert F. Friel: I would say signature, on the postnatal side, it continues to see some decent growth. I think the issue with Signature has been historically and I think we've talked about this, is we've come out with a new chip in the oncology area and just getting reimbursement from the providers has taken much longer than we had anticipated. So I would say that on the Signature side, well, I wouldn't get into the specific details from a revenue growth and a revenue size because it will just sort of try to get down -- try not to get into the sort of subsegments of all the businesses. But I would say, in some areas, we're pleased with the growth, in some of the areas, we're a little disappointed, like I said, because of the uptake in the reimbursement.
Daniel Arias: Okay. But the constitutional side of things, you would say, is probably more favorable than not?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say the non-oncology side is probably doing better than the oncology side, that's how I will probably describe it.
Daniel Arias: And then you made an interesting comment earlier this month when you talked about the opportunity that you see in newborn screening in rest of the world areas, if things improve and will move beyond the single test. So I guess my question is, do you see momentum for that happening in a way that you think that test numbers could begin to increase? I guess how realizable is that bigger rest of world opportunity...
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So I would say, we, in fact, have been seeing that. I mean I think if you look over the last couple of years, we've gone from probably screening in 70 or so countries, and now we're doing in the low 90s. So we continue to see the adoption both in countries and even within those countries where they might do 1 or 2 sort of expanding into more tests. I mean, that's clearly the case in China. So I think the numbers you're referring to is if you look at the 130 million births across the globe generally, 122 million of those are outside U.S. and Europe. And so that's really -- we see as a significant opportunity for us. And just to sort of calibrate things, if the rest of the world adopts screening at the level of 1/3 of what the U.S. does, it becomes a $1 billion opportunity.
Daniel Arias: Okay. So you do think though that -- I mean if you just sort of moderate the expectations a little bit, you think that, that number could start creeping up closer to 50 from 45 or so in the nearer term?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, you mean as far -- yes, I think that's correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Groberg with Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg: So Rob, you talked on that growth and productivity investments this year, you talked a little bit on the productivity side and what you expect. But what about on the growth? Like, where do you expect the biggest impact in 2014 and what kind of impact could that be on the growth rate?
Robert F. Friel: So if you look at some of the areas that I identified as investments in '13, it was really around emerging markets, particularly in the diagnostic areas. So I think we would continue to see significant growth there. It was in the informatics area where I think we're still very bullish about that and we feel good about that. And then it was also in the prenatal channel. And I think by 2014, that could be a significant number for us. So rather than getting specific guidance for 2014, I think you could see an acceleration of our organic growth of beyond sort of traditional mid-single digits.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Okay. And then just on that prenatal channel, I know there are some questions, but just kind of conceptually, why did you partner for this test rather than just acquire someone or offer your own? It seems like the economics would probably be better to just offer your own test, no?
Robert F. Friel: I think as we looked at the landscape, obviously, there are still some technology risk with regard to IP. And I think by entering into a collaboration with Verinata, while we're -- as I mentioned before, we think it's the best technology and we think they've got a terrific test, it does lead us -- give us the opportunity to pursue other technologies down the road. If either something comes out and has a better technology, or again, depending on what happens from an IP perspective. So I think it's maintain the flexibility from a test offering perspective, but while in the short term here, getting our customers probably the best product that's on the market.
Jonathan P. Groberg: And what kind of economics do you get when you sell the test? And what kind of add use for that?
Robert F. Friel: Well -- we're not going into the specifics of the agreement, basically, they're confidential.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Okay. But nothing precludes you from -- if you wanted to offer your own test, from doing that. Is there some timeframe that you can't do that? Or you're webbed to this test for a certain period of time? Or there's nothing to preclude you from -- if you wanted to offer a test?
Robert F. Friel: I think the way to think about it is in the short term, I don't see us coming up with a competing test.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Okay. fair enough. And then just -- sorry, 2 quick ones on Human Health. One, I think you had about 1 month of Caliper, right? And I think your revenues were up about $15 million sequentially. So what was the impact from Caliper and -- I'm sorry, what was the impact from Caliper? And then also, what was the asset impairment in Human Health? It seems like that was a fairly decent sized number.
Frank A. Wilson: Caliper was about $10 million in the quarter, for this year. So it's a little less than $15 million. It had no impact at all on our organic growth.
Robert F. Friel: And the impairment, the way to think about that is we've had, as you know, a number of acquisitions over the last couple of years. And for a long period of time, we are sort of maintaining the brands and the trademarks for that period of time, so Packard and Enian [ph] et cetera. We made a decision at the end of the year to sort of clean that up. And so that required a -- or resulted in an impairment charge with regard to some of the trademarks that were on the buckets, a non-cash charge. And basically, going forward, we're going to move toward the PerkinElmer brand.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Elliott with Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey T. Elliott: In your prepared remarks, you mentioned seeing some BRIC moderation, I'm curious what's driving that and when do you think we can see that turn around?
Frank A. Wilson: I mean, I think the biggest part of that is very difficult comparisons. I think for the most part, we didn't see anything structural or otherwise. I think we're going to see the same thing again in the first quarter. Just to give you some perspective, we were up north of 30% in the fourth quarter last year. So just -- it's really just more comparison related.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the time we have for questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Friel for concluding remarks.
Robert F. Friel: Great. So first of all, thank you for your questions and your continued interest in PerkinElmer. In closing, as we enter 2013, I'm confident that PerkinElmer is well positioned for another year, during which we will continue to deliver strong shareholder returns and accelerate our growth through our focused approach on building our innovative capabilities in targeting high-growth markets. Again, thank you for your interest in PerkinElmer, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2012 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. I have the operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. And with that, I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tommy J. Thomas: Thanks, Regina. Good afternoon, and welcome to the PerkinElmer's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com or from our toll-free investor hotline, 1 (877) PKI-NYSE. Please note, this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website for 2 weeks from today. Before we begin, we need to remind you, everyone, of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any other date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call, that are not reconciled to the GAAP in the attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon, and thank you, all, for joining us today. I'm pleased to report another excellent quarter for PerkinElmer, in which we continued to make strong progress against our strategic priorities and also delivered solid financial performance exceeding our forecasted revenue growth and adjusted profitability. During the third quarter, our adjusted revenue grew 11% year-over-year, which represents the 10th quarter in a row that we have reported growth of 10% or higher. Organic growth for the quarter was 6%, and over the last 10 quarters, our organic growth has averaged over 7%. While Andy will get into specific details of the organic revenue growth, I would like to mention a couple of the key drivers of this strong performance. Our Human Health business experienced 10% organic growth, with both our diagnostic and research businesses benefiting from strong demand in emerging markets, especially in Asia. In particular, our newborn screening, medical image and infectious disease testing all experienced double-digit growth in the quarter. In our Environmental Health business, the majority of our growth came from the service business and the sale of environmental analysis products into emerging markets. Our adjusted operating margins increased another 60 basis points in the third quarter after funding our planned spending increases on several initiatives to simplify our global manufacturing footprint, reduce our administrative costs and expand our capabilities into the emerging markets. Marking this 10th quarter of consecutive double-digit adjusted revenue growth, I wanted to take a moment to give my perspective on why I think we've been able to continue delivering consistent and differentiated growth despite a choppy macroeconomic environment. When signs began appearing in late 2008, that uncertain times might be on the horizon, we made a conscious decision to not back away from our long-term vision of the company's portfolio, geographic focus areas and critical mission. As a result, over the last 3 years, we have made important investments in every aspect of our business through acquisitions, acceleration of R&D spending and operational improvement initiatives. Ultimately, our performance over this period is an incredible tribute to the dedication and the excellence of our people. Internally, our culture is now one where we all are deeply motivated by advancing our mission of improving the health and safety of people and the environment and energized by the positive difference that is being made. The strength of our organization, our steadfast commitment to growth and our operational excellence have been critically important to advancing our mission, as our growth and increased profitability enables us to invest in new innovations and capabilities to solve our customers' needs. In the past year, we've increased our spending in research and development by over $20 million to bolster our innovation efforts. And since the beginning of 2009, we have increased R&D spending by over $40 million, which represents approximately 10% of our increase in revenue during that time. This increased R&D spending has resulted in a strong pipeline of new products and services that have been major contributors to our strong organic growth over the last several quarters. In addition to higher R&D spending, we also have continued to make significant investments to accelerate operational improvements and expand our capability to better serve our customers. For example, in the third quarter, we opened our new Shanghai headquarters, which quadruples our footprint in this critical location and features 3 new state-of-the-art centers dedicated to developing application solutions to address the needs of our growing Chinese customer base. In addition, our new diagnostics, R&D and manufacturing facility outside Shanghai, in Taichung, received the manufacturing certification from the SFDA. This site has now begun production of high-quality diagnostic reagents and testing instruments for the rapidly growing emerging markets. During the quarter, we broke ground on a new global Personalized Health Center of Excellence in Hopkinton, Massachusetts, establishing a centralized location that brings together some of our best minds to focus on solving critical needs for our research customers. We also opened a new customer relationship center in Krakow, Poland to position PerkinElmer to capitalize on the rapid growth and business potential that we see in Eastern Europe, while enabling us to leverage the recent economic competitiveness. And finally, we've accelerated our progress in realigning our manufacturing assets to improve efficiencies and to better reflect our changing geographic distribution of revenue. During the third quarter, we also began a number of new initiatives that will continue to fuel our growth. I thought I would give you an example of these initiatives in each of our 3 key end markets. In diagnostics, we partnered with one of our customers to establish a lab in a lab to provide realtime PCR assays to help diagnose SCID in newborns. SCID is a terrible disease that attacks the immune system and can make children extremely vulnerable to infectious disease. However, with new advances in recent years, children with SCID can now be successfully treated, and screening for this disease has begun in several U.S. states. In the research area, we announced the strategic relationship with TIBCO for exclusive licensing rights of its Spotfire data visualization and discovery software. Spotfire and our other informatics offerings are critical solutions for our customers, as they harness and extract value from the big data they are producing with exponential speed. And in the environmental market, we are collaborating to embed our ultrasensitive air analyzers into air monitoring systems to detect the existence and concentrations of potentially toxic compounds. These activities, as well as many others, are what inspire us and also give us the conviction to once again raise our adjusted revenue and adjusted EPS guidance for the year. We are still in a challenging economic environment. Fortunately, we've been able to do well due to our long-term commitment to serving our customers, strength in several key end markets, our differentiated product offerings and an organization that is focused on making a safer, healthier planet. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy, who will provide more details on our financial performance in the quarter and full year guidance.
Frank A. Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon. Consistent with prior quarters, I'll provide some additional color on our end markets, as well as the financial summary of our third quarter results. And then we'll, as usual, open it up for questions. As Rob mentioned, we were pleased with our performance in the third quarter, delivering another solid quarter of organic revenue growth. Reported revenue for the third quarter increased 13%, while adjusted revenue for the third quarter increased by 11% to $514.8 million as compared to the third quarter of 2011. Organic revenue for the quarter increased 6% as compared to the same period a year ago. Adjusted earnings per share for the third quarter was $0.45, driven by stronger top line growth, partially offset by productivity and growth investments deployed in the quarter. By segment, organic revenue increased by 10% and 3% in our Human Health and Environmental Health segments, respectively, versus the same period last year. By geography, organic revenue in both the Americas and Europe grew at a low single-digit rate, while Asia grew by more than 20%. We continued to experience strong demand from emerging territories with organic revenue growth in the BRIC countries, up greater than 20%, despite a growth comparison of more than 20% in the prior period. I'd also like to note that the majority of our businesses in emerging territories, specifically, the BRIC countries and especially China, continued to experience strong demand, reflecting the strength of PerkinElmer's brand and product portfolio, as well as the attractiveness of the verticals we serve. Looking at organic revenue by product category, recurring revenue, which includes reagents, consumables and service, grew mid-single digits in the quarter, while instruments and components grew at a low double-digit rate when compared to the third quarter of 2011, primarily a result of strong demand in Human Health. From an end market perspective, PerkinElmer's Human Health segment represented approximately 50% of total revenue in the quarter. We serve 2 end markets: in the human health diagnostics, which represented 28% of total revenue; and research, which represented 22% of total revenue. Organic revenue from our Diagnostics business increased low double digits during the quarter, with notable contributions from both our Screening and Medical Imaging businesses. In our Screening business, we continued to experience solid demand across most major segments of the portfolio. This business is continuing to benefit from the stabilization of U.S. birthrates and the expansion of our prenatal, newborn and infectious disease screening solutions in key regions outside the U.S. We are extremely pleased with our sales uptake in China and feel that we are well positioned from a geographic and end customer perspective to continue driving strong organic sales in the region. Our Medical Imaging business continued to see broad-based organic growth across all key technologies and applications in the period, with particular strength in traditional medical diagnostic imaging offerings. We continue to be pleased with the exception -- acceptance of our CMOS imaging technology, which provides us access into new verticals, including mammography, dental and orthopedics. Organic revenue in our Research business rebounded from the second quarter, growing at a high single digits in the quarter, the result of strength in automation, High Content Screening, imaging and liquid handling capabilities, as well as somewhat easier year-over-year comparisons. Moving to Environmental Health, which represented 50% of total revenue in the third quarter, we served 3 end markets: Laboratory Services, which represented 25% of total revenue, Environmental and Safety, which represented 18% of total revenue; and Industrial, which represented 7% of total revenue. During the quarter, we experienced high single-digit organic growth in the Laboratory Services business, low single-digit growth in the Environmental and Safety segment and a low single-digit decline in organic revenue growth for the Industrial segment. We remain pleased with the performance of our Environmental Health business. In China, organic revenue, once again, grew by more than 20%, benefiting from our market-leading environmental product applications. In addition, we continue to see good acceptance of our laboratory service and informatics offerings, as we help our lab customers better manage their critical laboratory assets and related data needs. Now looking at our margin performance in the period, adjusted operating margins expanded approximately 60 basis points in the third quarter to 15.2%, while adjusted operating income increased 16% in the quarter to $78.3 million. We are pleased with our adjusted operating margin improvement in the quarter, particularly given the growth and productivity investments made during the quarter, as well as a difficult year-over-year comparison, resulting from the impact of a significantly higher stock price on our stock-based compensation expense. By segment, adjusted operating margins in our Human Health business for the quarter were 22%, representing an increase of approximately 180 basis points as compared to the third quarter of 2011. The combination of volume leverage, favorable mix and productivity gains contributed to the strong performance. Our Environmental Health segment delivered adjusted operating margins of 12%, representing a decrease of approximately 30 basis points. This decline was within our expectations. It was primarily due to the growth in productivity investments just mentioned. GAAP operating income from continuing operations was $43.2 million in the third quarter of 2012 versus $36.1 million for the same period a year ago. Our GAAP tax rate for the third quarter was approximately 8%. And on a non-GAAP basis, our adjusted tax rate was approximately 22%, which is slightly lower than our previous guidance communicated in August. We now expect our non-GAAP tax rate for the fourth quarter to be approximately 22%. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the third quarter of 2012 was $0.25. Adjusted EPS was $0.45 in the third quarter of 2012, exceeding the midpoint of our guidance range for the quarter of $0.42 to $0.44 and a 5% improvement over the same period last year. I want to point out that our third quarter 2012 EPS results include approximately $0.02 per share of incremental interest costs related to the terming out of our variable debt in the fourth quarter of 2011, an excess of the funding requirements needed to fund the Caliper acquisition. Our weighted average diluted share count for the third quarter of 2012 was approximately 115 million shares, and our ending share count was approximately 114.2 million shares. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the third quarter with approximately $930 million of debt and approximately $171 million of cash. We continue to make progress in our delevering efforts, as we exited the quarter with a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.3x and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.9x. Looking at our cash flow performance. Year-to-date operating cash flow from the continuing operations was $113.8 million, as it compared to $151.5 million in the comparable period of 2011. Operating cash flow performance in the quarter was affected by restructuring payments, higher working capital needs, including incremental needs related to the previously announced manufacturing moves to Singapore and China and royalty payments related to Spotfire licensing. Overall, we were pleased with our performance in the third quarter, which represented the continuation of the momentum we experienced in the first half of the year. Looking at our performance for the first 9 months of 2012, organic revenues increased over 5%; adjusted operating margins expanded by approximately 150 basis points to 15.8%; and adjusted earnings per share grew to $1.41, a 17% improvement over the comparable period last year. Now I'd like to discuss our fourth quarter 2012 guidance in a bit more detail. But before I do, I want to remind everyone of our performance in the fourth quarter of 2011. As you may recall, we experienced a particularly strong finish last year due to the timing of the Caliper acquisition and the strong year-end demand across most of the portfolio. In fact, roughly 2/3 of our businesses experienced double-digit growth in the fourth quarter of 2011, which resulted in adjusted operating margin expansion of 250 basis points and adjusted EPS growth of 38%. Consequentially, this performance creates a very challenging year-over-year comparison. Despite this challenge, we still believe we can grow revenue organically, expand operating margins and grow our earnings per share in the fourth quarter of 2012. As the fourth quarter guidance, we now expect fourth quarter adjusted revenue to be in the range of $570 million to $580 million, with foreign-currency headwinds of approximately 1% based on current exchange rates and organic revenue in the range of 2% to 4%. Regarding adjusted operating margins, we expect modest margin expansion in the fourth quarter due to very difficult comparisons related to the Caliper stub period in the fourth quarter of 2011, as well as the ongoing growth in productivity investments we mentioned previously. Based on these assumptions, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2012 to be in the range of $0.64 to $0.66. And for the full year, we are raising our adjusted EPS guidance from a range of $2 to $2.05 to a new range of $2.05 to $2.07. This concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, at this time, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And gentlemen, your first question today comes from the line of Paul Knight with CLSA.
Bryan Kipp: This is Bryan Kipp on behalf of Paul. Just to start off, how has pharma performed as an end market? Has it been stable for you all, worse or improving?
Robert F. Friel: Sure. I would say what we saw in pharma was actually -- as Andy mentioned, we saw our Research business up high single digits. It was driven to a large extent by growth in Asia. I would say we continue to see softness in the Americas. Europe was, I think, in sort of low mid-single digit growth, but we really saw the strength in Asia. And in our case, the strength was much stronger in instruments than reagents. So I would say a little bit better than what we've seen. But again, the majority of the strength is coming from Asia.
Bryan Kipp: Okay. And just an additional question. We saw -- it looks like a 400-bp fall in adjusted Environmental op margin. You guys kind of alluded to that a little bit. Can you give any more color on that and just any specific analytical instruments that were better or worse in the quarter?
Frank A. Wilson: Two questions. I'll answer the first part. Maybe Rob can answer the second part. This is Andy. In the quarter, we had talked about deploying some investments, and these really center around the movement of some of our manufacturing operations to China and Singapore. And those expenses hit gross margin in the quarter and were predominantly within Environmental Health. In addition, there were also some costs related to our shared service consolidation. We've now or -- now up and running with our shared service center, and so both Environmental and Human Health were impacted by those costs. So the combination of those 2, plus some of the instrument revenue and the mix towards instruments, really contributed to that performance in the quarter.
Robert F. Friel: But I would say, overall, the performance of Environmental actually came in pretty much what we thought. And when we look at back at the end markets, environmental analysis was actually strong, sort of mid-single-digit growth, again, predominantly outside the U.S. Services did well in the quarter, and to the -- the only area where we saw a little bit of weakness, and particularly toward the end of the quarter, was clearly on the Industrial side, which, as Andy mentioned, is less than 10% of our revenue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg with Macquarie. Well, we'll go ahead and take a question then from the line of Ross Muken with ISI.
Ross Muken: So on Asia, I mean are you surprised with sort of the success you've had there? I mean, obviously, we've seen all the data on some of the challenges, particularly in China and even in other parts of Southeast Asia. And so, I know it's more on the healthcare side. I mean, can you sort of tease out between the 3 segments? Is there key there, your Life Sciences, Environmental, Industrial, kind of what you saw on some of those key countries?
Robert F. Friel: Ross, actually, we saw a pretty good growth across all 3 of the end markets, and I was just there a couple of weeks ago. And you continue to see a lot of emphasis in investment by the Chinese government, first of all, in improving the access to healthcare for all the citizens there. So we see a significant amount of investment. There, we saw a growth both on the newborn side, as well as the infectious disease, a very strong growth. On the research side, we continue, as I mentioned, to see strong traction there. And I think a lot of that is coming from the multinationals that they continue to build capability in that part of the world. And similarly, we saw a good growth on the environmental side, as I think they recognize is that is going to continue to big a big barrier to their continued industrialization. And so they're investing money in cleaning up the environment. So I would say, across the board, we saw a continued growth throughout China.
Ross Muken: And in general, on the P&L, I mean you guys have just been really killing it all year. You outperformed peers on organic. You've done well on the margin. The one thing we haven't seen from you guys in a bit has been on the capital deployment side. There, we've been mainly focused obviously on debt pay-down. Andy, where are we getting with the leverage? Do we feel like you guys could be back in market buying stock at some point? Is that the focus? Is M&A still more on the radar? Where are we sort of with that part of the equation?
Frank A. Wilson: Well, I think if you look at our debt to EBITDA, as we exit the third quarter, we're essentially where we were before the Caliper acquisition. So I think we're in a pretty good spot from a leverage perspective. I think we continue to evaluate opportunities more from -- on the M&A side more from a bolt-on perspective. And we also are socializing the opportunity to buy back some shares. We -- as indicated before, we'd like to take out some of the float -- or some of the creep that's come in to the stock. So I think the opportunity to do that is -- has increased, just given our de-leveraging. I think we have been very active on the M&A side. So I think it'll be something probably moving into '13. There could be something small between now and then.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. Ross, what I would say is, and I think we mentioned this, in the early part of the year, we took some time to focus internally on making sure we got the integration of the acquisitions because, as you know, we're quite active in '11. And we also wanted to bring the debt burden down a little bit. I would say, probably in the last couple of months, we've ramped up the M&A activity, and we've started to fill up the pipeline. And I wouldn't be surprised to see a couple of bolt-on deals here may -- possibly getting done in the next couple of quarters.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes. I think the only thing I'd add do that, Ross, is our authorization for a buyback expired in October, and it was renewed for another 2 years.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dan Leonard with Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard: A question on the investments you're making to leverage the business. How should we think about the timing of when you're going to harvest those investments? So you mentioned you're already up and running with the shared service organization. Does that mean those investments are now going to decline and we're going to see growth in the fourth quarter or beginning of '13? Or just pacing of that.
Frank A. Wilson: Yes. I -- when I said we were up and running with our shared service center in Poland, we've established that shared service center. We're making the investments now. Those investments will continue through early part of the second quarter, so we'll start to see some savings from that really in the second half of next year. I think on the facility move, I think you're also looking into '13, probably maybe a little early in the year but a 2013 situation where we'll start to see some of those savings come through the numbers. But there's still some more investments, and I just want to make sure that that's clear, that we will continue to be making some investments probably up through the second quarter of 2013.
Daniel L. Leonard: Okay, that's very helpful. And then my follow-up question, Rob and Andy, are you managing the business any differently in front of the uncertainty around the fiscal cliff in the U.S.? And if you are, and in what -- in what fashion?
Robert F. Friel: I don't think so. I mean, I think when we look at the -- at least, first, we started with sequestration and I think we've talked about this in the past that the impact was -- it's relatively small. I think what we said is when you look at NIH, it's probably 5% or less of our revenue. So obviously, we're conscious of it, but we're not seeing really any significant impact or pullback at this point. Having said that, I don't know that I would attribute to the fiscal cliff. But clearly, we'll continue to manage it in light of a fairly uncertain global economic environment. So I don't know if I'd call out either the fiscal cliff or the sequestration as an issue. But I think we are conscious of some real uncertainties, so whether it's Europe, whether it's some of the concerns in emerging markets, as well as some of the issues we've seen here in the U.S. So I think we have been conscious of growth opportunities as we get into '13 here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Zarak Khurshid with Wedbush Securities.
Zarak Khurshid: Yes, Zarak Khurshid of Wedbush. I guess so much for hard landing in China. Dovetailing on that prior question, can you just talk about strategically -- would you say you're pushing or investing more aggressively into that region more than you originally anticipated, say, 6 months ago? And then kind of as you look further out, what are the fears for that region around kind of competition or sort of knockoff products or patent infringement, things like that?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, the answer to your first question is we continue to accelerate our investments in that part of the world because we continued to be encouraged by, as I mentioned before, the opportunities across all our end markets. So I think that the answer to your question is yes. And I talked a little bit about the investment in both real estate from the standpoint of a much larger headquarter facility. We're putting a global software development there. We're adding application, a laboratory there. We're expanding manufacturing and R&D capacity there. And I would say all is -- mostly for China, we also see it as an opportunity to leverage that into other emerging markets because, obviously, the beneficial cost position. I would say the biggest concern or barrier we see there, quite frankly, is management talent. As we continue to expand, as we continue to put much more capability there, it's really having the management capability to absorb the additional capacity. And so we're spending a lot of time. We've -- as part of this additional investment into our headquarters, we actually put, as part of that, a development and learning center that we now have in our China headquarter facility. And like I said, that's the area we're spending a lot of time on. From a patent infringement, and those type of things -- we're not as concerned about that. And we have some, actually, R&D capabilities in China that we continue to expand upon.
Zarak Khurshid: Great. And then just as a follow-up, on the free cash flow side of things, can you just talk a little bit about the Spotfire license? Should we expect that to continue? And what do you think kind of the run rate is for, say, maybe this year or next year? Normalized...
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I mean, specific to the Spotfire license, the way that transaction was established was, in a large extent, a prepaid license agreement. And so there'll be continued payments for the next couple of years. And as we continue to distribute that and sell that product, we'll sort of work off that prepayment.
Zarak Khurshid: Can you quantify it?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say we're not really, at this point, talking about it. It's not a significant amount of money, but we're not really talking about the -- at sort of the agreement with our partner, not to get into specifics of the financial arrangement.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jon Wood with Jefferies.
Jon Davis Wood: So Andy, I appreciate some of the color on cash flow, but third quarter is particularly weak. Can you guys still do about 100% of adjusted net income? Or is that too much of a stretch at this point?
Frank A. Wilson: I would say our performance year-to-date is in line what we expected. I think, given the investments we're making with some of these initiatives, some of them requiring capital investments and restructuring investments, it's got to be tough to get to 100%. I mean I think we'll have a very strong performance in the fourth quarter, both in working capital and free cash flow, as we start to normalize some of the working capital because of the manufacturing moves. But -- I mean we are consciously spending on these initiatives. So I would say, this year, it may be a little short of that. But I think our long-term goal is to always be north of 100%.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So Jon, one of the things, and you probably have an appreciation of it, as we move some of our manufacturing facilities, we're clearly building some excess inventory to give us some leeway there, as we sort of train people in other areas. So some of that's going to clearly carry over into the early part of 2013. And so that additional investment in inventory, while we think it's appropriate, while we continue to make these moves, probably is going to make it difficult for us to achieve what we've historically been able to do, which is to match our free cash flow with our net income.
Jon Davis Wood: Okay, very good, understood. A follow-up, can you call out the Caliper -- how the Caliper business did on the top line, as well as any comments on kind of costs rationalization or where you are you on the -- in the actual integration there?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. The Caliper business continues to perform very well. We're ahead of the model from a profitability and accretion perspective. It - quite frankly, it's really becoming quite difficult to sort of track the revenue, because we're in the point now where -- we've even got to the point where we're substituting products, so in the liquid handling, the JANUS for the Zephyr and FMT versus the Spectrum. So it's not really that meaningful anymore, but I would tell you that, again, they're doing well relative to the organic growth calculations for PerkinElmer. They added slightly, but I would call it less than 30 basis points.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro: I had 2, one on Diagnostics and the other one on margins. On Diagnostics, could you maybe just give us some color on the overall volume environment and your sense of birthrate, how that's driving the business both domestically and abroad?
Robert F. Friel: So in the U.S., based on our numbers, we would say birthrates are up about 1% over the last 12 months. So obviously, we're not having the headwind that we had over the last couple of years. It's obviously driving some nice growth there. And outside the U.S., while birthrates have been positive, what's really driving the growth is much higher adoption. And for example, we saw in the quarter, as we do in every quarter, we continue to add additional countries or regions. So we saw some wins in Europe, parts of Germany, Norway and Italy we added. And of course, we continue to see strong expansion in Middle East and particularly, as I mentioned before, in China. So outside the U.S., it was clearly much stronger. But we also saw good growth in the U.S. as well because of back to a positive birthrate.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Daniel Brennan with Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan: Maybe the first question would just kind of be more on the economy and the end markets, maybe an update on the pacing of demand. As you exited the quarter, looking towards Q4 -- I didn't hear, in your guidance, the Q4. Cited very tough comps but still generating good growth, but didn't really hear anything too much about the economy. Most of the companies are at least kind of referencing conditions. Are you seeing any impact? Is there any -- instrument is also growing greater than -- reagents was kind of interesting. We'd love to take get your take there.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I wouldn't suggest that we're sort of immune to what's happening in the overall global economy. But I would say, because I think some of our end markets are more resilient than some of the others, we're not being as impacted. I would say, as the third quarter played out, the industrial end markets -- clearly, we saw some softening there as we got into the later part of Q3. Other than that, and as we said, that's less than 10% -- other than that, I would say, our end markets were fairly consistent through the quarter. So I would say a little softening on the industrial side. Other than that, fairly consistent.
Daniel Brennan: Okay, great. And then maybe on the Screening business, Andy gave kind of an interesting conversation on our conference about China and kind of a number of tests that are being done there today and what the opportunities. So I'd love to hear your kind of thoughts maybe within China, kind of where you guys are today and kind of maybe where you envisioned, maybe on a test basis, kind of growing that up kind of -- what's the opportunity to look at a few years? And kind of what would -- kind of how would that translate into a growth impact?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would -- in China, specifically, the opportunity, number one is on the newborn side. And obviously, they have a lot of births there, in the sort of 15 million to 16 million births per year. Currently, depending on where you are in China, it's anywhere from 2 to 4 tests. And as you probably know, in the U.S. right now, the standard of care is 29. So there's a significant opportunity to continue to expand, not only the number of children that are tested but also the amount of tests. So we're excited by that opportunity. And then also on the diagnostic side where -- largely, what we're doing there is infectious disease for hepatitis B, C and HIV are our larger tests. We're seeing a nice opportunity there, particularly this year, because what you've seen is, for surgeries now there that's done in China, they're now requiring 5 tests for various infectious disease, and that's driving a lot of our growth. So we continue to see a nice runway to continue to expand diagnostic test, particularly in the verticals that we serve within China.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel: Just a first cleanup question, could you increase the pace of restructuring this quarter to compensate for the fact that you delayed some of the productivity spend and investment that you had planed originally in Q2? If I remember correctly, your operating margin benefited by about 80 bps due to those delays, so I'm just wondering whether there was a full catch-up this quarter. And what's the right way to think about the pacing of further investment heading into Q4?
Frank A. Wilson: No. I think that the -- from a restructuring perspective, there was a fairly small impact. From an overall productivity and growth initiative perspective, that really is being spread over 2 quarters, so we saw about half of that in the third quarter. We'll see the other half in the fourth quarter.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Yes, really what I was trying to get at is, were margins almost artificially, in a way, depressed this quarter because you delayed some of that spend from Q2 into Q3?
Frank A. Wilson: Yes. I mean if you look at our remarks in expansion of 60 basis points, about 80 of that -- on top of that, we had about 80 basis points of margin contraction due to our investments in the quarter. And that there was also, as I mentioned, in my prepared remarks, a fairly significant comparison on our stock-based compensation due to the change in stock price. So those 2 items were the 2 kind of significant spike-outs that I would mention, and combined, would have said we were up about 150 basis points.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, that's helpful. And sorry to beat a dead horse on the Environmental Health, specifically, the Industrial subsegment. But Environmental Health did come up a little bit light of Street consensus. I'm just curious, relative to your internal plan, was this also the case? And if you came up a little bit lighter than planned here, was it truly all industrial? And if so, is it fair to conclude that there were really no changes in competitive or pricing dynamics?
Robert F. Friel: As I sort of alluded to before, Industrial -- or Environmental came in about what we thought. We probably would've pegged that in Q3 about 3% to 4%. If you look back in Q3 of '11, it did have a fairly difficult comparison, particularly in the instrument side. We saw a very strong growth on the instrument side in Q3 of last year, so we knew we were cycling up against that. So maybe Industrial was a little bit lighter than we thought. I would say, overall, it's probably about down mid-single-digits. But when you look at the rest of the business, on the instrument side, we saw a good growth. And as I mentioned, service was up mid to high single digits.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Ramesh C. Donthamsetty: This is Ramesh in for Tycho. It looks like, excluding Caliper and obviously, you mentioned that the Research or the Life Sciences business is merging with Caliper quite nicely now. But it looks like some of the other sort of legacy Research businesses, the radiochemical business perhaps, the high throughput screening, those businesses may have done better or at least stabilized a little bit. Can you talk just about how those trended in the quarter?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I think that's fair. I mean when you look at high single digits for the Research business, clearly, the -- I would call the historical PerkinElmer businesses have done better in Q3 than they've done over the last couple of quarters. Again, it's getting a little hard to sort of parcel that out as precisely as we've had historically. But I would say, a couple drivers to that. One is they did have some fairly easy comparisons. They were actually down low single digits in Q3 of '11. I would say, that's one thing. Second is -- I mean whenever you're dealing in sort of the research, particularly with high-end instruments, you're going to have some timing, sort of fall in and out of a quarter. And clearly, we were a little short in Q2. I think we recovered some of that in Q3. And then the other factor is we are seeing a benefit from the PerkinElmer instruments of having the Caliper products sort of in our tool chest, if you will. And as we go out there, we can talk about some of the exciting products for Caliper, as well as some of the exciting for PerkinElmer. I think we are getting some ancillary benefit of a pull-through on the -- on historical PerkinElmer products.
Ramesh C. Donthamsetty: And then just a follow-up, guys, on the software business and informatics. I guess, how are you approaching integrating Geospiza and maybe Cambridgesoft into the Life Sciences business? And how a PKI informatics is going to work, I guess, under the still of the Environmental Health umbrella?
Robert F. Friel: So what we are in the process of doing is taking a lot of -- virtually all of the informatics and Geospiza and merging it with the research. And that's something that we'll -- we're in the process of doing now. So probably going into 2013, we think it makes a lot more sense to have the informatics business more aligned with sort of the Caliper and the research businesses. And so, I think you'll see that coming out into '13.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Derik De Bruin: A lot of my questions have been answered, so I'm just going to fish around the edges here. So when you look at your mix of business geographically, and also your manufacturing, I guess, where do you see the business in -- from a, particularly from an emerging market, international -- non-U.S. non-Europe sort of standpoint now and, say, 3 years from now? And I guess, how much of your manufacturing footprint are you going to be able to move over as well? I'm just trying to get a sense of what -- how much more opportunity there is in those markets for you.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think from a revenue perspective, we talked about private emerging markets being around 28%, and given the growth differential we're seeing now, and I think we'd continue for some period of time. In addition to sort of our investment priorities, I could clearly see that gets to mid-30s over the next couple of years. From a manufacturing perspective, we're clearly under-weighted in the Asian region right now, and so that's why we've embarked on this initiative to move a lot more of the production there. And again, not primarily driven by costs, really it's trying to get better alignment between where our manufacturing is and where our customer base is. And so I think we've got a fair amount of opportunity. We've, like I said, embarked on a couple of these now, where we'd like to be fairly better aligned. So we've got 35% of our revenue there. At least 30% our manufacturing is coming out of there, and that's really the intention. So we have a roadmap right now over the next couple of years that will be much better matched between our revenue profile and our manufacturing cost profile.
Derik De Bruin: Great, that's actually very helpful. When you look at the -- sticking with the China theme, when you look at the infectious disease testing that you're doing there, it's like -- what's the basis of your platform? And I guess, who are you running into from a competition standpoint? Are you running into the [indiscernible] of the world, for example? What's just the lay of the land there?
Robert F. Friel: So our assays are fundamentally around fluorescence or time-resolved fluorescence. It's the technology. We're generally targeted the Tier 2 hospitals. And so that's where we're getting good inroads, because we provide sort of a cost structure base on China but bringing sort of technology and brand associated with a multinational. And so we can price the products a little bit above the locals and under the sort of classical international companies. And that's what's allowing us to take a lot of share.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. And one final question, speaking on the competition. You know, we've obviously seen lot of changes in the -- some of your traditional businesses, in chemical testing, in environmental as you've seen some obviously varying [indiscernible] and [indiscernible] expansion. What's the pricing environment going on in that space? Are things fairly still rational?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think they're rational, but they're tight from the standpoint of a lot of people. If you're talking specifically around the analytical or instrument space, there's more supply than demand. And particularly, as we see the industrial end markets starting to look like slowing, I think that's only going to get worse. So I think it is a difficult pricing environment. But I would say, people are still rational. But it this -- I would say price discounting is accelerating.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dan Arias of UBS.
Daniel Arias: Andy, I'm not sure if I missed it, but can you parse out instrument growth or decline specifically for Environmental and Human Health?
Frank A. Wilson: I didn't give that breakout. I'm mean, overall, instruments were up 10%. And I would say the Human Health instruments were kind of high single and environmental were low single. And most of the growth in Environmental Health instruments were in emerging territories.
Daniel Arias: Okay. And then on the emerging territories, and China specifically, just given the way that you're talking about investments and expenditures there, do you think that margins stay above the corporate average for the foreseeable future? Or does that gap start to close and come down to the mean over time?
Frank A. Wilson: I'm sorry, could you repeat the question? I didn't quite understand the first part of it.
Daniel Arias: Just looking at the margins in China and the way that you're investing there and how that looks relative to the corporate average.
Frank A. Wilson: Well, they've been in line with the corporate average. And if anything, they've actually been improving. We obviously have lower gross margins but have a lower cost base as well. So they've been in line. I think, over time, with some of the manufacturing moves and some of the infrastructure moves, I think we will see China margins ahead of company average.
Daniel Arias: Okay. And I guess one last one, I think you get this question pretty consistently. But on OneSource, what are the pricing and market share change dynamics looking like in that part of the business?
Robert F. Friel: Say that again, I'm sorry, I missed the beginning of that question.
Daniel Arias: In the OneSource business, I'm just curious about pricing and market share changes. Obviously, you have a big competitor that seems like they're doing well. But clearly, it's doing well for you as well. So I'm just trying to understand the business a little better, the market a little better.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I mean, I think the dynamics in this environment right now is sort of similar as I mentioned on the analytical instruments. It's sort of an aggressive pricing environment. And we're -- we've got a very good position with a lot of our customers. And so I think we feel good about our capabilities there. But I think there is continued pricing competition there, particularly across some of the bigger contracts that are up for bid. Fortunately, because in a lot of cases, we're the incumbent. I think we understand the opportunities there, and I think -- feel we're in a very good position to be able to identify where we can take efficiencies and work within -- partner with our customers to sort of drive those savings where we sort of both benefit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Brokmeier with Maxim Group.
Bryan Brokmeier: Can you quantify or provide some qualitative comments on the benefit that your microfluidics business is realizing from the recent Ion Proton commercialization?
Kevin Hrusovsky: Yes. Bryan, this is Kevin Hrusovsky. We're actually continuing to make great headway on all aspects of our microfluidics relative to sample prep. We actually have had, in the last 2 quarters, continued build-out of our platforms, both from a sample prep and quality control. And we've made it agnostic to Life and to Illumina, as well as some of the newer entrants. We're feeling pretty good that, that will only help. So the more traction they get, we do believe it's going to be a positive for our business.
Bryan Brokmeier: Any way to estimate for every new sequence there -- every new desktop sequence there that is sold out in the market? You got maybe 20% of those or 40% of the new placements?
Kevin Hrusovsky: Yes. We've got some algorithms that we built basically to try to test the market, but it's too early for us to be able to know how we're going to secure that. But we do think it's going to be north of 10%. But we're just -- at this point, it's premature.
Bryan Brokmeier: Okay. And then on the Environmental side of the business, did you see any material benefit in the quarter, Rob? Do you see any material benefit in the quarter from the Chinese food labeling law that takes effect in January 1? And do you expect to see any material improvement in the fourth quarter?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I would say that something we've seen for the last couple of quarters. There's the new regulation where they've got to put nutritional labeling on their food now. It's something that's driven our growth probably since Q2 of this year. So I think clearly, we're seeing a benefit in China as a result of those new regulations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Lawson with Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson: Rob, the softening you saw in the Industrials business, is that continuing for Q4?
Robert F. Friel: Say it again, Peter, I'm sorry I missed the...
Peter Lawson: Sorry, that softening in that Industrials business, does that continue into Q4?
Robert F. Friel: You mean the -- yes, I think we have seen that continue sort of from an industrial perspective. As I said, it was -- we started to see it sort of mid-Q3. And I would say, it continues here in Q4. So our assumption in our guidance is that the industrial markets will be soft, and in fact, will probably be down year-over-year from a revenue perspective.
Peter Lawson: And have you made any changes in the sales force around that business? Is it that concerning?
Robert F. Friel: I wouldn't say we're at the point now we're sort of adjusting our sales force. And again, a lot of our sales force is based on technology to some extent. So we look for other markets to sort of focus some of the products in. But at this point, we're not making changes to our sales force.
Peter Lawson: Got you. And then were there any pricing pressures across the various business lines during the quarter?
Robert F. Friel: We talked about that a little bit earlier, where I would say, clearly, in the environmental area, on the instrument side, we continue to see fairly severe discounting going on relative to the competition. So I think that's an area we see a lot of pricing. Outside of that, I would say, in the Human Health area, where I think the products are much more differentiated, less so.
Frank A. Wilson: One thing I -- while we have a brief moment, one thing I'd like to add and just clarify, I know this is going to come out in the -- in print. But the question around instruments, total PKI was up high single digit, environmental Health was up low single, and Human Health was up low double. I just wanted to clarify because I think my comments before didn't make a lot of sense.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby: I'm just wondering, on China, it sounds like a lot of the growth there was driven by instruments. So I'm just wondering what your thoughts for on the sustainability of that going forward and if anything was kind of onetime or anything like that this quarter.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say, if you look at the growth in  China, it was really across the board both instruments and reagents. So we saw it on the instrument side. I would say, when you look in research, it was largely on the instrument side. But clearly, when you go into diagnostics, that's largely a reagent business anyway. And when you go in the environmental side, it was a little bit of both on the service as well as the instrument. So it was fairly broad-based from both instruments and reagents. With regard to your question, if we see it's sustainable, we do. I think we continue to feel very good about our position there, our product offerings and our organization in China. And so we continue to expect that China will continue to provide good growth for us.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And then just one other thing was with acquisitions adding 18 points to your Human Health business, were there any other acquisitions in there other than Caliper? Because just doing the math, it seems like Caliper probably didn't grow that much, is that correct?
Robert F. Friel: Well, the answer to your question is, it was only Caliper is in the acquisition number.
Frank A. Wilson: All the informatics acquisitions anniversaried in the second quarter.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. So it was just Caliper.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Elliott with Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey T. Elliott: I was hoping to get a little bit more color on the strength, the traditional medical imaging that you called out. And just to follow-up on the tax -- on the manufacturing moves, can we see the impact on the tax rate as you expand overseas perhaps?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think it could. I mean, as we put more and more of our profitability outside the U.S., clearly, we have a lower tax rate in Asia than we do in both Europe and the U.S. So I think it does provide some downward pressure on the tax rate. With regard to the medical imaging, we actually saw a nice growth really across all aspects of the business. So radiology, both oncology, and I think any spike-out in particular, while small numbers, our new entry into CMOS with our Dexela acquisition actually saw a very strong growth. And as Andy also mentioned, it gets us to new couple of other end markets that we're quite pleased about. So in the medical imaging area, we actually saw a nice growth across all of our end market applications.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And I know you have the Investor Day coming up in December. Just curious, any kind of early highlights you can share with us?
Frank A. Wilson: I think we're still trying to finalize those plans. Nothing has been set on stone. So we'll have to get back to you on both dates and content.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from the line of Jon Groberg.
Jonathan P. Groberg: So just following up on what you said, Andy. This is going to be my question. As Human Health instruments grew low double digits but Rob talked about...
Frank A. Wilson: Low single... They were low single digits. I'm sorry, Human Health was low double digits, yes, correct.
Jonathan P. Groberg: It was low double digits. I think I got you, right?
Frank A. Wilson: You did.
Jonathan P. Groberg: So -- and you already talked about the decrementals [ph] in Environmental. But I guess my question is, it seems -- normally, we think about if instruments grow faster than consumables, that actually is a negative mix on margins. But Human Health is where you saw, obviously, some good margin expansion. So if you can just maybe talk about what happened with mix, was that -- is that imaging strength? Or is there something else going on in Human Health?
Frank A. Wilson: Well, I think we saw a pretty good performance across the board. I don't know if there was anything in particular that spiked out on mix.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say the other thing is when you look at particularly the research area, you don't see as much disparity on the margins. I think classically, the big disparity we see between reagents and instruments is more on the diagnostic side, where a lot of cases, you're placing the instruments and then getting the reagents. When you look more on the research side, there's -- I mean, clearly, reagents are still more profitable. There's a much closer sort of match there between what the gross margins are. And so consequently, a lot of the instrument growth was driven by the research side. And so therefore, I don't think it was as detrimental on our gross margins as you might think.
Jonathan P. Groberg: All right. And then it seems like -- it seems fairly interesting. And then one more on Human Health, as you look out to '13, are you guys anticipating any impacts from the medical device tax? I know a lot of the diagnostic stuff is overseas in China, and so I'm just curious what you're...
Robert F. Friel: Right. Yes, I mean our calculation right now says it's a relatively minor impact for us, again, because a lot of our business is outside the U.S. I mean, I would say it's, right now, sort of less than $5 million is the impact. But we continue to sort of try and understand some of the issues that regulations are still yet to be forthcoming on. All right. So with that, let me wrap it up. First of all, let me thank all for you for your participation and continued interest in PerkinElmer. As we look to close out another strong year, I just feel great about our future because of our ability to grow, and most importantly, our dedication to making a lasting difference in the world. And I think we've got a great organization, and I'm quite excited about the future at PerkinElmer. So thank you, all, for joining us, and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for your participation today. This does conclude the presentation, and you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2012 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. My name is Keith, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. And with that, I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Tommy Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tommy J. Thomas: Thank you, Keith. Good afternoon, and welcome to PerkinElmer's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received your copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com or from our toll-free investor hotline in 1 (877) PKI-NYSE. Please note, this call is being webcast live and will be archived in our website until August 16, 2012. Before we start, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor Statement that we have outlined in our earnings press release, issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call, but are not reconciled to GAAP in the attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel. Rob?
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Tommy. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. Once again, we are reporting another excellent quarter, in which we delivered solid financial results while making excellent progress against our strategic priorities. During the second quarter, our adjusted revenue grew 10% year-over-year, adjusted operating margins expanded 240 basis points. We generated excellent cash flow and adjusted earnings per share increased 23%, which exceeded both our guidance and consensus. We continue to be extremely pleased with how we are improving both operating efficiencies and profitability of the company, while also delivering very strong top line growth. Our ability to deliver this impressive financial performance, particularly in light of the current difficult macroeconomic conditions, is due to several factors. First of all, we serve many end markets that are less economically sensitive. In addition, within these markets, we provide products that are critical to our customers. Whether it is assisting in the screening of newborns, helping improve the productivity of labs or keeping drinking water safe, our products continue to be sought after even in an unstable, global financial situation, as global interest in both human and environmental health continues to grow. And with our recent acquisitions, we have further bolstered this advantage by expanding our capabilities in the areas of informatics, molecular analysis, imaging and sample prep, positioning us well to address both current and future needs of the global human and environmental communities. The second factor is our significant global reach and capabilities, particularly in emerging markets. As many of our products are instrumental to expanding health care services and improving environmental conditions, we continue to experience strong demand for many of our products in these areas of the world where there is a focus on developing fundamental, environmental and health care needs. I'm especially pleased that our sales into the emerging markets now represents approximately 28% of our total sales, and were responsible for over half of the company's total organic growth during the second quarter. For example, our China business, once again, showed strong growth with organic revenues increasing more than 20%, and with adjusted operating margins greater than the corporate average. China continues to be an important contributor to both our revenue and earnings growth. In particular, our Chinese diagnostic business continues to gain traction with both new and existing customers, adding approximately 40 new customers in the quarter as the country increases its efforts to help combat infectious diseases, such as hepatitis and HIV. What's important to note here is that we saw a double-digit sequential organic growth and feel that we're still only in the early stages of a very big opportunity. A major part of China's 12 5-year plan is focused on improving both human and environmental health, and we believe that we are well-prepared to capitalize on this trend. A third contributing factor is our ability to provide innovations into the marketplace by leveraging our strong detection, imaging and software technologies with our extensive application knowledge. In the first half of the year, new products introduced in the last 3 years represented 22% of our total revenue and 32% of our product revenue, which excludes our revenue from service. During the second quarter, we introduced a revolutionary technology that enables any sample form, whether it is gas, liquid or solid, to be introduced into a mass spectrometer with minimal sample prep. Our spectrum CT, which combines optical imaging and 3D x-ray, is enabling researchers to pursue unique strategies in oncology research. In the informatics area, we introduced the Ensemble platform, which enables real-time control and automation of laboratory processes, helping laboratories to decrease errors and speed the delivery of results, as well as the Asset Genius, which provides customers with the critical information they need to make informed decisions on lab asset deployment. Also, during the quarter, we launched our new OneSource Scientific IT service, which leverages the strength of our service expertise and informatics capabilities. Customers, such as Merck Resource Laboratories, are now turning to Perkinelmer for this new and unique service to substantially improve the efficiencies and supportability of their lab technology and overall lab environment. The fourth, and most important, factor is our people. We would not be as well-positioned as we are today without the hard work, passion and outstanding contributions of our 7,200 employees who, everyday, are committed to driving our growth, innovation and mission to improve the health and safety of people in the environment. It is truly an exciting time to be part of PerkinElmer. Through the first half of this year, our organic growth as of the high-end of our original guidance, while our adjusted operating margins have increased by 200 basis points, significantly greater than expected. Some of the higher margin expansion was due to a more favorable mix of revenue and better profitability of the former Caliper products. However, a portion of the higher-adjusted margin expansion was a result of the retiming of some growth and productivity investments due to both uncertainties surrounding Europe and a significant amount of integration activity underway. Due to the strong first half and the rapid integration of Caliper and our other acquisitions from last year, we are planning to accelerate our spend against these initiatives in the third and fourth quarters, as we continue to see great opportunity to improve the operating margin and growth profile of the company. Even with this increased investment in the back half and the significant headwind from the stronger dollar, we feel comfortable maintaining our adjusted EPS guidance of $2 to $2.05. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy, who will provide more details on the quarter and our Q3 guidance.
Frank A. Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon. Consistent with prior quarters, I'll provide some additional color with our end markets and our second quarter results, and then I'll it open up for questions. As Rob mentioned earlier, we were pleased with our performance in the second quarter delivering another solid quarter of growth in both revenue and adjusted earnings per share. Reported revenue for the second quarter increased 9%, while adjusted revenue for the second quarter increased by 10% to $532.3 million as compared to the second quarter of 2011. Organic revenue increased 5% as compared to the same period in 2011. This performance was at the high-end of our guidance range of $530 million to $540 million, after adjusting for the negative impacts of approximately $7 million of FX headwinds, arriving subsequent to the guidance we've provided following our first quarter earnings call. For the quarter, adjusted earnings per share increased 23% to $0.53, $0.05 better than the midpoint of our guidance. By segment, organic revenue increased by 4% and 5% in our Human Health and Environmental Health segments, respectively. By geography, organic revenue in the Americas and Asia both grew at a high-single-digit rate while Europe declined low-single digits, but within our expectations. We experienced continued strong demand from emerging territories with organic revenue growth in the BRIC countries up high teens, despite an even higher comparison in the prior year. As Rob noted, we remain pleased with our performance in China, with revenues up more than 20% on a year-over-year basis, despite similar growth in the prior year. Looking at organic revenue, by product category, recurring revenue, which includes reagents, consumables and service, grew high-single digits in the quarter, while instruments and components grew at a low-single-digit rate when compared to the second quarter of 2011. From an end market perspective, PerkinElmer's Human Health segment represented approximately 49% of total revenue in the quarter. We served 2 end markets in Human Health: diagnostics, which represented 27% of total revenue; and research, which represented 22% of total revenue. Organic revenue from our Diagnostics business increased mid-teens during the quarter, with notable contributions from both our Screening and Medical Imaging businesses. In our Screening business, we continue to experience solid demand across all major segments of the portfolio. This business is benefiting from the stabilization of U.S. birthrates and the expansion of our prenatal, newborn and infectious disease screening solutions in key regions outside of the U.S. We continue to see strong uptake of our portfolio in China and feel that we are well-positioned to benefit from China's 12th 5-year plan. Our Medical Imaging business continued see broad-based growth across all key technologies and applications in the period, with particular strength in traditional medical diagnostic imaging offerings. We also saw a healthy contribution from our CMOS imaging technology, primarily focused on surgical applications. Organic revenue in our Research business declined high-single digits in the quarter, the result of a difficult year-over-year comparison, ongoing declines in our radio isotope offerings and softer pharma demand. Caliper organic revenue grew mid-single digits on a difficult prior-year comparison of more than 20% and finished the first half with low-teens organic growth and operating profit ahead of our acquisition model expectations. Our Research business continues to gain traction in new areas, such as biotherapeutics, NextGen sequencing and epigenetics, and customer acceptance remains high, as evidenced by the strong increase in our backlog as we exited the second quarter. Moving to Environmental Health, which represents 51% of total revenue in the second quarter, we served 3 end markets: Industrial, which represented 8% of total revenue; Environmental and Safety, which  represented 18% of total revenue; and Laboratory Services, which represented 25% of total revenue. During the quarter, we experienced low-single-digit organic growth in the Environmental Safety segment, a low-single digit decline in the Industrial segment and high single-digit growth in the Laboratory Services business. We were particularly pleased with our performance in China, which continues to benefit from environmental applications, specifically focused on inorganic analysis solutions for the analysis of metal content and contaminants in water and soil. In addition, we continue to see good acceptance in our Laboratory Service and Informatics platforms, as we help our lab customers manage their critical laboratory assets and the related data output. As Rob mentioned earlier, our new OneSource Scientific IT services help customers improve the efficiency of their lab computing environment and the safety of the scientific data. Now looking at the margin performance in the period, adjusted gross margins expanded approximately 200 basis points. This was driven by volume leverage, favorable mix, robust productivity gains and a favorable impact from our businesses acquired in 2011. Adjusted operating margins expanded approximately 240 basis points in the second quarter to approximately 17%. As Rob mentioned earlier, given the significant amount of integration activity underway at the end of the first quarter and the uncertainty surrounding Europe at that time, we elected to defer some of our growth and productivity investments originally slated for the second quarter. Delayed timing of this spend contributed about 80 basis points to our strong margin expansion performance in the quarter, and is expected to negatively impact second half margins as we reaccelerate our spend against these initiatives in the third and fourth quarters. By segment, adjusted operating margins at our Human Health business for the quarter were 22%, representing an increase of approximately 130 basis points as compared to the second quarter of 2011. Our Environmental Health segment delivered adjusted operating margins of 16%, representing an increase of approximately 210 basis points. The combination of volume leverage, favorable mix and productivity gains across the company contributed to the strong performance delivered by both segments. GAAP operating income from continuing operations was $49.8 million in the second quarter of 2012 versus $39.4 million for the same period a year ago. Our GAAP tax rate for the second quarter was approximately 13%. And on a non-GAAP basis, our adjusted tax rate was approximately 23%, which is slightly lower than our previous guidance communicated in April. We now expect our tax rate for the second half to be approximately 23%. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the second quarter of 2012 was $0.29 compared to GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.26 in the second quarter of 2011. Adjusted EPS was $0.53 in the second quarter of 2012, up 23% from the prior period, and exceeding our guidance range for the quarter of $0.47 to $0.49, despite an FX headwind of approximately $0.02 per share, which was partially offset by approximately $0.01 per share from the lower tax rate. Our weighted average diluted share count for the second quarter of 2012 was approximately 114.6 million shares, and our ending share count was approximately 113.6 million shares. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the second quarter with approximately $911 million of debt and approximately $171 million of cash. We continue to make progress on our delevering efforts as we exit the quarter with a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.5x and a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of approximately 2x. Looking at our cash flow performance, operating cash flow from continuing operations was $77.4 million as compared to $54.9 million in the second quarter of 2011. We made good progress managing our working capital and cash collections in the quarter, delivering greater than 118% of free cash to net income. We believe that our second half 2012 cash conversion will be slightly below our stated goal due to increased cash taxes as a result of the settlement of certain foreign tax audits, as well as higher inventory levels, resulting from the move of manufacturing operations to lower cost regions. In summary, as Rob indicated, we feel good about our performance in the quarter as we delivered 5% organic revenue growth, approximately 200 basis -- 240 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion and 23% growth in adjusted earnings per share. Now I'd like to discuss our third quarter and full year 2012 guidance in a bit more detail. Consistent with our view from earlier in the year, we remain cautious regarding macro economic conditions, specifically with regard of Europe and the strength of the U.S. dollar. As a result of current FX rates, we now expect full year 2012 reported revenue growth to grow high-single digits and organic revenue growth, to be in the mid single-digit range, which is consistent with our original guidance provided at the beginning of the year. Regarding adjusted operating margins, we expect to expand margins above our stated range of 75 to 100 basis points for the full year. For the third quarter, we expect adjusted revenue growth of $495 million to $505 million, with organic growth -- revenue growth being in the range of 3% to 5%, with foreign currency headwinds of approximately 4% based on current exchange rates. As we mentioned, we are planning additional productivity and growth investments for the balance of 2012, which we believe will further solidify our ability to achieve our longer-term growth and margin expansion objectives. These investments will have a dilutive impact on our adjusted operating margin expansion in the second half of this year, and as a result, we expect adjusted operating margins for the second half to expand more modestly. Based on these assumptions, we are maintaining our full-year adjusted earnings per share guidance for 2012 of $2.00 to $2.05 despite FX headwinds of approximately $0.06 per share. Additionally, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the third quarter to be in the range of $0.42 to $0.44, which assumes the negative impact of approximately $0.02 from FX headwinds. That concludes my prepared remarks. Keith, at this time, we can open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  Your first question is from the line of Jon Groberg from Macquarie Capital.
Jonathan P. Groberg: So can you -- just a couple of this clarification, I'm trying to understand. So on Caliper, that is about $38 million last year. Looks like, you're saying about 8% acquisition, that's what it did this quarter. So it was up 5% organic and that's kind of offset with currency. I'm just trying to understand what they did in the quarter.
Frank A. Wilson: Caliper was a little less -- Caliper grew mid-single digits organically. It's a little hard to kind of break out Caliper now that it's being integrated with the larger business. But its impact to overall PerkinElmer organic was fairly minimal this quarter. But the rationale, or the reason behind that, Caliper had a very strong 20-plus percent organic growth quarter last year, so it was a little bit lower. But first half, we're seeing Caliper generating about 13% organic revenue.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Okay. And then just one other quick clarification and then -- I'm sorry, one question. I think in the past, you guys have said you're basically have -- you're pretty neutral from a currency standpoint. I remember a lot of calls. So is that kind of changed as you've gone through this? Or is this a mix of currency? So maybe just talk about, I think you said that makes impact.
Robert F. Friel: I think what we talked about is that we're fairly neutral from the standpoint of revenue and expense across the various regions. But, of course, what you have is the profitability. When we talk about the currency impact, think about it as just at a high-level earning. Europe is close to 30% of our revenue and call that our profitability, right? So 30% of our profitability is going through sort of 15% decline. So as you convert that profit in Europe to dollars, that's where your impact is, you're converting that in a much lower rate.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Okay. That's helpful. I was just trying to triangulate with what could -- we had a lot of those questions in the past. And then, Rob, for you that last question, Europe is kind of down, China seems really strong. Can you maybe give a little bit more detail? You mentioned some diagnostic business. Is that primarily the kind of postnatal screening or the neonatal screening, I mean, or what else is going on there? And can you maybe -- others are seeing a slowdown there, sounds like you haven't. Can you maybe just talk about what you're seeing and what you're outlook for those businesses?
Robert F. Friel: Well, try not to -- we fundamentally have 2 businesses. One, we have, as you said, the newborn screening, and that continues to grow. But more importantly, when we bought SYM-BIO in 2009, we also got a business that's involved in infectious disease, so hepatitis and HIV. And that continues to see very strong growth and continued to come out with new products there. You may recall, we talked about building out a big production capacity there, so we've continued to invest there and that's contributing a big portion of the growth in China. I would also say, on the environmental side, we see strong growth there as well. So I would say, mostly on the environmental side and on the diagnostic side is what's driving the over 20% growth in China.
Jonathan P. Groberg: So even in some of the more instrument-related markets like thermal analysis, maybe, and some of the monitoring -- environmental monitoring, that for you is still very strong in China? You don't see that slowing?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say it's still strong. I would say it's slowed a little bit in the second quarter. And, of course, we also have some new products coming out, particularly in the ICP-MS area and those sides. So that's -- we're seeing, I would say, good growth in China. It's probably slowed a little bit relative to what we saw in -- I'm talking specifically on the environmental side relative to Q4 and Q1.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Daniel Leonard from Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard: I was just hoping you could give us some flavor on the types of growth investments you're planning for the back half of the year.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would put it in some category, some buckets. So I would say, first of all, we continue to invest in some interesting areas around detection capabilities. So we talked about -- I talked a little bit about this sample introduction technology from Aspect[ph], so I would say that's one area. Clearly, continuing to expand out our menu in the screening area, is an area that's going to get some investment here in the back half. I think in the research area, biotherapeutics and epigenetics are 2 areas that we feel very good about. And of course, we announced recently our expansion of a personal health innovation center in Hopkinton, so the focus in those areas and a couple other ones. So -- and of course, informatics, I would say is another that, I think, you'll continue to see us investing here in the back half.
Daniel L. Leonard: Okay. And then my follow-up question. In terms of what you seeing from the pharmaceutical market, is the weakness you're seeing there in the research product business, is that -- is it worsening? And is your strength in the services more than enough to offset that going forward?
Robert F. Friel: I would say, from a market perspective, it's maybe worsening a little bit on the pharma side, particularly in the small molecule area. And our focus is to continue to migrate into some of these higher-growth areas like biotherapeutics, epigenetics, next-gen sequencing. Obviously, that was one of the big incentives or benefits of buying Caliper. So I would say that's slowing a little bit. I would say to be fair also in Q2, we made some switches with the Caliper integration. We went on to SAP and a number of other things, and probably that maybe cost us a little bit of growth. And I think, as Andy mentioned, we've built some nice backlog. So our expectation is that the Research business probably returns to positive growth in the back half.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ross Muken of ISI.
Ross Muken: Particularly on some of your shorter cycle businesses, maybe in the industrial side, can you talk a bit about sort of the pacing through the quarter, and what you sort of saw in the latter half? And how you think about that in sort of the context of your 3Q assumptions and sort of the full year kind of organic growth guidance?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say that where we saw the biggest change through Q2 was in Europe. So as you recall, Europe in Q1 for us was sort of mid-single growth. And in Q2, it was actually a decline of low-single digits. And so we saw that occur from sort of the April to the May timeframe and into June. I would say, since sort of mid-June to July here, that's been fairly similar. And so other than Europe, I would say the trends in most of our end markets has been fairly consistent over the last couple of months.
Ross Muken: I guess, Andy, on the SG&A line, it just seems like a heroic sort of performance there, in terms of what that line is doing, given all of the moving parts from the deal and the organic. I guess, I know you're putting in some investments back half of the year. But if you sort of had to tease out the components of how you manage that Q-to-Q, for the last few quarters it's been relatively flattish to modestly up. What would sort of be the key deltas of why we're not seeing that line inflate more?
Frank A. Wilson: Well, I think we -- we've been talking about sort of productivity initiatives that we've been putting in place. And if you really look at a lot of our ability to expand margins, it's really been levering that G&A base. So as we grow, we're able to basically keep our headcount fairly flat. And obviously, that translates into good margin expansion. We did get a little bit of help from FX in the quarter. So if you're just looking  specifically at the second quarter. I think overall, though, it's really been a corporate focus on trying to make sure we're efficient with spend. And I think that it's taking hold. And over the last several quarters, we've continued to see that gain traction. And I think we've got some spending that we're going to be doing, some heavier lifting over the next 2 to 3 quarters that we think will further enhance that as we look on the gross margin lines to move things, move some of the manufacturing from developed -- developing economies, as well as really leveraging more at the back office and in certain parts of the world. So I think we feel good about the progress, some heavy lifting left to do, but a lot more opportunities as well. And I think we still feel pretty good about our ability to get to the high-teens operating margin by '14.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Daniel Brennan from Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan: I was wondering first, just on your kind of instrument business, I'm particularly hearing from some other peers about signature levels rising up. I know you've already commented on some of the pacing in the quarter, but maybe in the -- your call specifically in the instrument side, there maybe -- see any change there in the dynamic about CFO-type levels being more inclined to kind of wait on spending the money?
Robert F. Friel: I would say that's a trend that has been around for at least a couple quarters. I would say the one area where we are seeing some changes on the instrument side is some more aggressive pricing by some of the competition. So I would say that's for us, that seems to be more of a recent change. But as far as higher-level approvals within our customer base, I think that's been around for a couple of quarters.
Daniel Brennan: And then maybe just on the big user group meeting that you had up, up in your headquarters in England, attended by over 500 customers. Is there anything kind of notable feedback you can share in terms of whether it be products or applications that seem to be in the highest demand? Anything kind of surprise you from detraction maybe coming out of the meeting, just some of the highlights from that were.
Robert F. Friel: Sure. Why, Kevin's here, that was sort of Kevin's meeting to some extent, so maybe I ask him to comment on some of the takeaways from that.
Kevin Hrusovsky: Yes, Den, it was actually well-attended and we had a meeting in U.K. the following week as, which was well-attended. And we had over 800 customers and I would say the next-gen sequencing, biotherapeutics, as well as epigenetics, which PerkinElmer is uniquely qualified to address, because it's really how the environment is affecting health. Those topics seem to really resonate. We actually had to track as well on informatics, and that was -- the rooms were completely full on informatics. And I think, the combination of those 4 topics was about, let's say, 65 presentations from customers, really created -- we think good demand for the second half as well as next year and with us opening up the new Personalized Help Innovation Center, we think that there's great momentum for a lot of these newer hotter markets in the positioning that we have inside of them.
Daniel Brennan: Great. Maybe, can I just sneak one more in. Just in terms of the gross margin in the quarter. I know you mentioned you had some mixed benefit but seems they're up really significantly year-over-year, maybe. Can you just flesh out specifically, again, like what the key driver was at that expansion?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. Of the 200 raised points, about 80 of that was just the higher gross margins of the acquisitions we acquired in 2011. So they contributed 80 basis points. And then the rest of it was strictly around productivity with some of the initiatives I talked about earlier within the factory. And I think that's -- we did also see, in the quarter, a bit of an increase from a mix perspective and some licensing revenues, as well as some informatics revenues, which are higher gross margin than in the average.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Daniel Arias with UBS.
Daniel Arias: Just a question on Environmental Health. I guess, Rob, can you talk broadly about your applied market customer base and the overall tone that you have there right now? We sort of kind of think of those markets as pretty secular and pretty steady over time, but there has been some discussion about maybe some fluctuations in certain areas. So I guess, how are your food and beverage and environmental safety customers thinking about purchasing in this environment? I guess how much visibility do you have there?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, so I would say in this quarter, we saw a much more severe bifurcation between emerging markets and developed markets. I think if you look historically, as you mentioned, the difference might have been 200 basis points between the growth we saw in developed world versus emerging. This year, we saw a much greater differentiation. So clearly, in the emerging markets they're continuing to spend, particularly in the environmental area and I would say also in the food safety area. We saw a little bit of a pullback, or let's say less growth in the developed world. So that's how I would characterize some of the change you're seeing now. And, of course, Europe is a big part of that. So that's a large contributor to it. But we did see a much larger gap between the 2, the developed and the emerging markets.
Daniel Arias: Okay. And then, Andy, did I hear you say that U.S. was up in the teens in the quarter? And if so, can you comment just a bit broadly on that strength?
Frank A. Wilson: Well, it was -- the U.S. was actually up high-single digit in the quarter. And we had some strong informatics revenue in the quarter, which was a piece of that. But overall, it was a very solid quarter.
Daniel Arias: Okay. And then maybe one more for Kevin. You mentioned some momentum in next-gen sequencing. I guess, when you think of the Caliper business, do you think that the pieces are in place there for the move to clinical sequencing and taking medical genomics to the next level, as they say?
Kevin Hrusovsky: Yes, Dan. I think that we are still investing in this area. We were watching carefully the evolution of kind of the centralized next-gen sequencer to the benchtop, and looking at accuracy and precision rates, but most importantly, we're seeing that sample prep is playing an important role in that overall accuracy, so we are continually -- PerkinElmer's is continuing to make strong investments in sample preparation, not only to improve the precision, to help it get in to the clinic more productively, but also the sample sizes, in general, are getting smaller. We had many physicians at our user conference talking about circulating tumor cells, as well as fine-needle aspirate biopsies, as opposed to large biopsies. And as these sample sizes get smaller, I think our microfluidic estate is well-positioned to really help the sample preparation of these smaller samples and eliminate biosnisis[ph which has been a big issue, which is important for getting into the clinics. So I think we're -- we've got strategic relationships with all of the major NGSs, and we have -- now we have an informatics platform from Geospiza, that's really focused on trying to create medical reports, as opposed to research reports from the data. So I think both on informatics and sample prep, we're well-positioned but we'll continue to make investments as we want to improve accuracy rates.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro: I'm wondering if you could first help me maybe touch on the pace of business during -- in Europe during the quarter. I think there's been some debate there across the industry regarding whether or not conditions there really deteriorated or sort of steadily kind of pressured environment. So any color you could put on the European-pacing across the various businesses would be great.
Robert F. Friel: Well, first of all, when I talk about our Europe business, we actually had -- our diagnostic business continued to grow. So what we saw -- we actually saw growth on the diagnostic side. Where we saw a decline was sort of, I would say more in the instrument-based businesses, so both environmental and the research side. And as I mentioned before, we did see -- now, of course, we grew in the first half as well, as I said mid-single digits. So we did see fairly, sort of steady, sort of consistent decline beginning sort of early Q2, sort of in the early June. And then like I said, it sort of stabilized a little bit, and our sense is, at least through the first couple of weeks here, in the third quarter, it's more stable. So that is how I would describe our experiences in Europe.
Daniel Arias: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just secondly on informatics, Kevin, can you maybe comment on one more detail regarding how product integration there is progressing and sort of the overall trend that you're seeing in the OneSource business as well?
Kevin Hrusovsky: Yes. I think overall, we're very encouraged by the acquisitions that have been put together. First of all, that integration is ahead of schedule. And I think there's a strong focus now towards applications, using the systematic capabilities that are somewhat unique. And as I think Andy and Rob both mentioned, there's some really nice -- in OneSource, new technology, new informatics that really help customers with utilization rates of their assets and to better optimize those investments. And I think, both in OneSource as well as future application opportunities, and next-gen sequencing, and even biotherapeutics, we're seeing nice integration opportunities with some of the Caliper product lines with the informatics. And so overall, I would say that's going very well, and we see it as a major piece of the future growth profile for PerkinElmer.
Isaac Ro: That's great. And then last one for me, just certainly for either Rob or Andy. Can you guys maybe update us on the latest thoughts from the board regarding future management incentives that might go in providing ROIC-based metrics? I think that's one area where a lot of investors would have a pretty positive response, if we got a path there.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would just say, Isaac, generally we -- to the extent we're going to do anything on incentive comp, we would do that sort of on the latter part of the year. So I would say no current plans to change it. But again, those discussions usually occur at our December board meeting.
Isaac Ro: Okay. Fair to say it's a possibility? Or...
Kevin Hrusovsky: I know, I think it is a possibility. We've had some discussions about it, but I would say nothing definitive at this point.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jon Wood with Jefferies.
Jon Davis Wood: So you've got about a $4 million benefit from, I guess, deferring some of the investments in the second quarter. So my question is, are you actually incrementally stepping up in the second half? Or you're just basically adding back that benefit you got in the second quarter, if you will?
Robert F. Friel: I would think of it more as sort of adding back the benefit in the second quarter. And again, we'll sort of evaluate as we go along. I mean, that's the plan right now into Q3, and we'll sort of reassess that depending on how we go in Q3. But I would think of it as sort of taking it from the first half and moving into the second.
Jon Davis Wood: Okay, great. Andy, you commented that acquisitions were 80 bps in gross margins. Do you have that impact on OP margins?
Frank A. Wilson: It was negative 30 basis points on operating margins.
Jon Davis Wood: Okay, so diluted operating margin?
Frank A. Wilson: Yes, it was accretive to gross and diluted to op.
Jon Davis Wood: Okay, great. And then, Rob, how are you thinking about the imaging business in the second half of year? I mean, obviously, you had a pretty strong first half. How have you guys come model that in second half, given what we've seen from some of the bigger industry players?
Robert F. Friel: I mean, I assume that it will continue to grow in the back half, probably moderate a little relative to what we've seen here in the first half. But we feel like we'll continue to see pretty growth there. They do have a very strong growth in Q4 that will make it a little bit more difficult comparison. I think they were up sort of mid-teens, organically, in the fourth quarter of '11. But generally speaking, that business continues to do well and we see good demands there.
Jon Davis Wood: Okay, great. Last one for Andy. Delevered about $23 million, is there any reason why that wasn't higher? Is it just timing? I think you guys had talked about like $150 million for the year of deleveraging. So just looking for some color on pacing there.
Frank A. Wilson: It's in line with the timing we set in place at the beginning of the year. It maybe a little off, but not much. I think we're still on track. I think there's 2 components of it as well. There's EBIT -- there's EBITDA and the debt delevering, and we're doing a little better on the EBITDA as well so there's a bit of a mix there. But I think overall, we're on track.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Peter Lawson from Mizuho Securities.
Eric Criscuolo: This is Eric Criscuolo filling in for Peter. The investments in the second half that are going to increase, is that going to be focused more on R&D or SG&A?
Robert F. Friel: No, I think it's going to be both. And I think there'll also be some on the cost of sales line as well which will be some of these productivities. But I would say R&D and selling, as Andy talked about before, we're trying to be fairly aggressive on trying to reduce our G&A. So I would say it's on those 2 areas, most, and then you see it in cost of sales.
Eric Criscuolo: And on the share count, it's been creeping up a little over these past 2 quarters. Is that going to continue to increase incrementally? Or is there a way to kind of slow that down?
Frank A. Wilson: I think for modeling purposes, I would keep it kind of fairly steady at that level. I don't think it's going to go -- we're not going to let it go any higher.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, great. And then any color on volumes or activity in your sequencing center that just got the CLIA certification?
Robert F. Friel: Yes,  I mean, as we said, it continues to grow nicely. It's off of a very low base, but as far as growth rates, it continues to do well. I think the CLIA certification opens up some additional business we can get. Again, this is largely focused on the research area and pharmaceutical companies. So we have had requests in the past where they wanted some of the samples to be done under CLIA because they're either going into preclinical or clinical tests. And so I think it's really -- it's, again, really focused on the research and, mostly, pharma side.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bryan Brokmeier from Maxim Group.
Bryan Brokmeier: First, you commented earlier about the diagnostic -- you are actually seeing diagnostic growth in Europe. Is most of that in eastern Europe? Or is there a positive growth in -- sorry, was most of that in eastern Europe or you're also seeing positive growth in western Europe?
Robert F. Friel: We're actually seeing in both regions.
Unknown Analyst: And is that kind of across the infectious disease and prenatal?
Robert F. Friel: Well, in Europe, it's fundamentally newborn and prenatal.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And also the -- are you bringing your infectious disease products into new markets? Or is a lot of the strong that you're seeing in markets that you've traditionally had a presence in, including China?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say specifically, in infectious disease, it's mostly in China.
Isaac Ro: It's most in China?
Robert F. Friel: Yes.
Unknown Analyst: And just real quickly, last the -- have you started to shift in any of your -- the sales of any of those Caliper products from distributors to your sales force in some international markets?
Robert F. Friel: We have. I would say it's still small. I mean I would say we've targeted that more sort of the latter part of this year. So we started to move some, but it's been very small, I don't know if you want to...
Kevin Hrusovsky: I think that while it has been small, we've had really strong relationships with the distributors and we have been able to rationalize multiple distributors into single distributors, and the growth that those accounts and those distributors are continuing to ramp nicely. So we do feel like while we're waiting to make the final conversions, we're making nice progress with a lower number of distributors.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America..
Derik De Bruin: You were fairly conservative on Europe, a little bit more so than a lot of your peers on this. I guess, Europe, generally in line with where you thought it would be, to be getting incrementally worse, are you expecting it to be incrementally worse from where you initially guided?
Robert F. Friel: No, I don't think so. I mean, I think, particularly when you look at the strength in the first quarter and sort of average that over the year, our assumption is that Europe will be sort of flat to down slightly.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. So last quarter, some of the companies that supply stuff to the sample prep market for next-gen sequencing reported some pricing pressures and some competition there is. Caliper didn't see that kind of headwind. Has -- you're still seeing good demand there in that market -- has there been any change in the competitive dynamic in sample prep area?
Kevin Hrusovsky: I think the term sample prep does get used a lot because many of the large NGS providers are actually providing their own sample prep reagents for certain steps. We're upstream with that, and we haven't seen any slowdown at all. It's been strong double-digit growth occurring for next-gen sequencing sample preps for us. And we actually have pretty good visibility to the future here as well, and we're seeing really strong demand for this. So both -- I would say expansion into Asia, as well as just primarily in North American markets, we see really nice sample prep on demand.
Derik De Bruin: And is there any demarcation between some of the big-box machines and the benchtop machines? Are you supplying both of those? Can you just talk about how the market is?
Kevin Hrusovsky: Well, interestingly, it's probably as expected. The larger machines initially were acquired by our customers, and then many of them started coming to our shows and realizing that the bottleneck became the sample preparation. And so, mostly they would buy those as secondary investments after they bought their first unit, but now that they've had experience, many of the same steps are needed for benchtop us well. And so, they've now gone into this investments a little bit more knowledgeable about the need for sample prep. And so, we do see, in many cases, we've got relationships with Life, with Alumina, with Packbio and others. But primarily, Life and Alumina, when that initial acquisition is made now on the benchtop version, you'll see sample prep being brought in right away.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Zarak Khurshid with Wedbush Securities.
Zarak Khurshid: So it's the year of non-invasive prenatal diagnosis. Clearly, it's a little bit early for the impact on your business. But can you just remind us how large, how important is your prenatal screening franchise today, and how are you thinking about that business given the rapid evolution of the field?
Robert F. Friel: So I think from a size -- I don't if we've got into the specifics of how big that business is, specifically, but I would say it's less clearly, less than 5% of our revenue. And I think, we've talked about this on our other calls, we're really pursuing 2 alternatives. We're pursuing some things internally and in this specific case, we're using some technology, actually, that Caliper had combined with some capabilities that we had to see if we can orchestrate around some of the difficult IP issues in this area. And then, of course, the other thing is we're watching that very closely because I think one of the challenges with some of the current providers is, there seems to be a sort of an IP minefield right now. So I would say we're sort of analyzing that, as well as sort of doing some things internally to potentially have our own offering.
Zarak Khurshid: Interesting. And then maybe a question for Kevin. Sounds like the Caliper microfluidics business was pretty robust in the quarter. Can you maybe just talk about the comparison versus the In Vivo Imaging side? And I guess, as we look further out, how are you thinking about the runway of growth in that In Vivo Imaging segment?
Kevin Hrusovsky: Yes, Zarak. You actually have hit upon [indiscernible] -- if you look at it from a product or technology standpoint, you've hit upon the 2 double-digit growth components of the old Caliper that have now been integrated with some product lines and technologies from PerkinElmer, which, I think, increases our menu. So when you look at microfluidics, we have had very strong ramp in next-gen sequencing and biotherapeutics. And when you look at the In Vivo Imaging, we've had very strong ramp in biotherapeutics, where there's a lot of distribution studies, as well as continued focus on oncology, and that expanding now into inflammation and metabolic. So we're seeing nice growth across all regions of the world, and we're seeing nice growth across those market segments, which were very concentrated. Now we're starting to pull along some of the traditional legacy PerkinElmer products into those newer markets, which was one of the strategies that Robin outlined for the acquisition. So I think that the areas where the growth has not been as strong, are probably in areas of small molecule, and there were still some assets in Caliper technology for small molecule, but the good news is that, that's now rapidly moving over to large molecule and even epigenetics. So I think across-the-board, and the 2 categories you mentioned, we still feel we've got strong growth and good visibility for the future. And these shows we've had with customers, most of the talks, if you looked at the 65 talks we had, I would say that 70% of them hit those 2 product lines, the In Vivo Imaging and microfluidics. And I should also mention that we're having 2 major shows in 2 weeks, in China. One in Shanghai, one in Beijing. And then we're going to having 2 more shows out on the West Coast that investors will be invited to those, as well as our customers, over the next 2 months.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Elliott with Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey T. Elliott: Your OneSource offering continues to do well and you keep adding to that offering. With competitors increasing their focus here, how will you continue to win with new and existing customers?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think it's just continuing to be able to differentiate what we're doing. I think that drove us to some extent into some of these informatics capabilities. I mentioned the current collaboration with our informatics business and OneSource that we've now come up with a very interesting product that, for example, Mark is using. So it's just continuing to build out our differentiated capabilities. I would say that's one. I think the other thing is just to continue to expand geographically. I mean, historically, OneSource was adopted in, sort of the developed world, and now it's -- almost all of our customers seem to move a lot of their lab activity into emerging markets. We continue to build our capability there. So I think that really is how we'll continue to grow.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby: Just wondering, looks like the past couple of quarters here, you guys have benefited in your diagnostic business from some larger equipment placements. I remember a couple of quarters ago, you mentioned Russia, sounds like this quarter maybe China. I'm just wondering, what's going on there and what's the future look like for those kind of larger orders?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. Let me just clarify. I would say that in the case of China, that wasn't a large equipment. That was just a continued growth. I talked about expansion of more customers there. So in Q2, we did not have a necessarily large interim placement. But what happens periodically is we'll build some large -- in most cases, newborn screening labs. I think Egypt was one, we mentioned last year. But I would say in Q2, that was not the case.
Operator: And we have no other questions at this time. So I'll turn the call back over to Mr. Rob Friel for closing remarks.
Robert F. Friel: Great. Thank you, Keith. And thank you, all, for your questions and continued interest in PerkinElmer. So in summary, let me just add, we were -- we're very well-positioned, but given the attractiveness in the end markets and the criticality of our offerings, our ability to continue to provide differentiated innovations to our customers and our focus on providing strong financial results while investing in the long-term growth aspects of the company. So again, I look forward to updating you on our continued progress at the end of next quarter. Thank you, and have great day. This call is now adjourned.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's conference. Thank you very much for joining us. You may now disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the PerkinElmer First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Maria and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Dave Francisco, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
David C. Francisco: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to the PerkinElmer First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call are Robert Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received your copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at perkinelmer.com or from our toll-free investor hotline at (877) PKI-NYSE. Please note, this call is being webcast live and will be archived in our website until May 10, 2012. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor Statement that we've outlined in our earnings press release, issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call, but are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel.
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Dave. Good afternoon and thank you, for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that we had another very good quarter in which we delivered strong financial results while making excellent progress against our 2012 strategic priorities. During the first quarter, we grew adjusted revenue 16% year-over-year, delivering better than expected growth despite very difficult comps from the first quarter of last year, particularly in Environmental Health, which grew 17% organically in the first quarter of 2011. In the first quarter of this year, Human Health increased adjusted revenue by 27% due to the addition of Caliper and solid organic growth from Diagnostics and Medical Imaging. Environmental Health grew by 6%, reflecting notable contributions from our inorganic analysis offerings plus strong end market drivers, such as water and chemical analysis. Organically, our revenue grew 6%, with Human Health up 9% and Environmental Health up 3%. Our continued focus on improving our operational efficiencies and expanding our operating margins enabled us to exceed our plans for earnings per share in the quarter and deliver adjusted EPS growth of 23%. Across our end markets, there are 2 fundamental themes that are changing the behavior and needs of our customers. These themes uniquely position PerkinElmer to play a significant role in improving world health. First, there is an increasing interconnectivity between human and environmental health resulting in the convergence of our 3 core end markets, Diagnostics, Environmental and Life Sciences. As the developed world faces increasing health care costs, we can leverage our complementary capabilities in these markets for better outcomes and reduce cost. We have the capabilities to aid in both understanding genetic predisposition to disease, as well as helping people avoid potential environmental triggers to disease. Additionally, we can aid in identifying diseases, they're always possible, and help discover more effective targeted therapies. The second overarching theme is that, as the developing world continues to grow rapidly, it is demanding greater access to health care. While many of these developing countries today are focused on necessities such as access to clean air and water and safe food, the rising middle class is demanding improved living standards. This will cause many countries to require advanced medical capabilities, such as early disease screening or diagnostic tests. Today, there is a great need to serve these customers across the increasing level of the requirements and spanning virtually every region of the globe. PerkinElmer's extensive global channel and footprint enables us to address these needs head-on. We have a unique ability to tailor our technologies for the developed world and then bridge them into the emerging markets. While we're well-positioned to leverage these 2 macro themes to improve global health, we cannot stand still. Critical to our success is our ability to apply our knowledge and expertise to develop cutting-edge innovations that solve customer needs. In that regard, during the quarter, we introduced several innovative new products targeting our core end markets. These included, the HER2Sense preclinical imaging agent which supports breast cancer discovery research. The Panthera-Puncher for the handling of neonatal blood spots. An Ensemble for Biology, a suite of informatics applications intended to serve as an integrated biology workflow for use in research and development, as well as in quality assurance and control. Additionally, I'm pleased with how well our recent acquisitions performed in the quarter. Our teams are making excellent progress in driving smooth integrations, including not only streamlining processes and creating greater efficiencies, but equally as important, bringing forward the best of both cultures and combining them together as one entity. And particularly, the former Caliper Life Science business performed very well, as revenue growth accelerated from the strong performance in 2011. The Life Sciences and Technology team has done a fantastic job across all aspects of the integration, including global training of the sales force, accelerating customer connectivity and assessing opportunities to maximize the combined global footprint, which should only increase efficiencies but facilitate innovation, which, of course, was a cornerstone of Caliper's culture. In addition, despite difficult comparisons, we continue to see excellent traction with our OneSource Laboratory Services offerings, especially as customers in emerging territories look to drive improved workflow in asset management in their laboratories. In summary, I'm very pleased with our strong start to the year and feel the organization is executing well against our priorities. Looking ahead, we maintain our cautious outlook on the macroeconomic environment. As such, we continue to forecast the similar demand profile to what we experienced in the first quarter, but with lower expectations for Europe. Accordingly, we expect full year revenue growth consistent with what we communicated at the beginning of the year or in the range of 10% to 12%, representing organic revenue growth in the mid-single digit range. Regarding adjusted earnings per share, given the performance in the first quarter, we are raising the bottom and top end of our forecast range from $1.98  to $2.04 to $2 to $2.05. I'd now like to turn the call over to Andy.
Frank A. Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. As Rob mentioned, I'll provide some additional color on our end markets and our first quarter results, and following the prepared remarks, we'll open it up for question. We are pleased with our strong start to 2012 delivering another solid quarter of growth in revenue and adjusted earnings per share. Revenue for the first quarter increased by 14% and organic revenue increased by 6% as compared to the same period last year. Adjusted revenue for the quarter increased by 16% as compared to the first quarter of 2011. By segment, organic revenue increased by 9% and 3% in our Human Health and Environmental Health segments respectively. By geography, organic revenue in the Americas grew low-single digits. Europe was up mid-single digits and Asia grew low-double digits. We were particularly pleased with our performance in Europe given the economic uncertainty in that region. Additionally, we experienced continued strong demand from emerging territories, with organic revenue growth in the BRIC countries up over 20%. Looking at organic revenue by product category. Recurring revenue, which includes reagents, consumables and service, grew mid-single digits in the quarter while instrument and components grew at a high-single-digit rate despite cycling up against mid-teens growth in the first quarter of 2011. The stronger-than-expected growth in instruments and components was partially due to favorable shipment timing in the period. From an end market perspective, PerkinElmer's Human Health segment represented approximately 50% of total revenue in the quarter where we served 2 end markets. Diagnostics, which represented 27% of total revenue and Research, which represented 23% of total revenue Organic revenue from our Diagnostics business increased to a low-double-digit rate in the first quarter, with notable contributions for both our Screening and Medical Imaging businesses. In our Screening business, we experienced solid demand across all major segments of the portfolio. This business continues to benefit from the stabilization of U.S. birthrate estimated to be flat year-over-year in the quarter, as well as expansion of our prenatal, newborn and infectious disease screening solutions in key regions outside the US. Our Medical Imaging business also experienced broad-based growth across all the key technologies and applications in the period. Traditional medical diagnostic imaging offerings generated strong with additional contribution from our CMOS imaging technology, particularly related to mammography and surgical applications. Furthermore, our therapeutic and nonmedical applications also contributed to the strong performance in the period. Organic revenue in our Life Sciences and Technology business grew mid-single digit in the first quarter. As a reminder, LST is comprised of our research and Caliper Life Science businesses. As Rob mentioned, within LST we saw robust demand for our In Vivo Imaging systems, including the legacy FMT imaging and fluorescent agent offerings, as well as the recently launched Caliper Spectrum CT imaging system with advanced optical features enabling highly efficient, multimodal invivo imaging. PerkinElmer now provides the most complete solution for non-invasive animal imaging, providing researchers the ability to understand biology in the physiological context. Additionally, we experienced strong growth on our front-end high throughput sample preparation systems, supporting enhanced workflow for next-generation sequencing analysis with our complete, highly flexible solutions to run multiple chemistries to support all sequencing instruments. Furthermore, we experienced continued demand for our suite of radiometric detection equipment that has been primarily utilized for assisting the continued efforts in Japan, identifying and remediating nuclear contamination resulting from last year's earthquake and tsunami. Turning to Environmental Health, which also represented 50% of our total revenue in the first quarter, we served 3 end markets. Laboratory services, which represented 23% of total revenue; environmental and safety, which represented 18% of total revenue; and industrial, which represented 9% of total revenue. During the quarter, we experienced low-single digit organic revenue growth across all 3 market segments as each cycled up against double-digit organic revenue growth comparables from the prior year. As Rob discussed, within Environmental Health, we saw strong demand for our full suite of inorganic analysis solutions, particularly for the analysis of trace metal content and contaminants for environmental applications in water and soil. Additionally, continue to drive further penetration of our OneSource Multi-Vendor Service into emerging markets with some key early-stage wins in Brazil and China, as these high-growth regions recognized the extensive benefits of our unique offering. Now looking at our margin performance in the period. Adjusted gross margin expanded approximately 230 basis points, driven by volume leverage, favorable mix, robust productivity gains and the favorable impact of our businesses acquired in 2011. Adjusted operating margins expanded approximately 160 basis points in the first quarter to 15.3%. We were particularly pleased with our performance in the period, as we were able to absorb higher acquisition-related operating expenses and expand operating margins despite an approximately 160 basis points margin expansion performance achieved in the first quarter of 2011. As stated previously, we are planning additional productivity investments for the balance of 2012 and we believe we'll further solidify our ability to achieve our stated objective of high-teens operating margins by 2014. By segment, adjusted operating margins in our Human Health business for the quarter were 20.4%, representing an increase of approximately 200 basis points as compared to the first quarter of 2011. Our Environmental Health segment delivered adjusted operating margins of 14.4%, representing an increase of approximately 30 basis points. The combination of volume leverage, favorable mix and productivity gains across the company contributed to the strong performance delivered by both segments. GAAP operating income from continuing operations was $22.1 million in the first quarter of 2012 versus $27.2 million in the first quarter of 2011. For the first quarter, our GAAP tax rate was approximately 6.3%, and on a non-GAAP basis our adjusted tax rate was 25%, which is slightly higher than the guidance communicated in February. However, we expect the full year to be approximately 24%. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the first quarter of 2012 was $0.19 compared to GAAP earnings per share of $0.24 in the first quarter of 2011, primarily due to higher intangible amortization and purchase accounting adjustments related to acquisitions completed throughout 2011. Our adjusted EPS was $0.43 in the first quarter of 2012, up 23% from the prior year and exceeding our guidance for the quarter of $0.39 to $0.41. Our weighted average diluted share count for the quarter, first quarter of 2011, was approximately 114.1 million shares and our ending share count was approximately 113.4 million shares. Turning to balance sheet. We finished the first quarter with approximately $934 million of debt and approximately $145 million of cash. Looking at our cash flow performance for the quarter. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was $15.3 million as compared to $47.3 million in the first quarter of 2011, due primarily to a $17 million contribution to our U.S. defined benefit pension plan and the timing of approximately $13 million of tax items in both the current and prior year periods. While we did see an increase in receivables, we believe this was primarily related to our strong finish to the quarter. We still expect to deliver greater than 100% of free cash flow to net income for the year and believe our 2012 first half will be in line with our historical cash flow performance. In summary, we are pleased with our financial performance for the first quarter. 14% reported revenue growth, 6% organic revenue growth, approximately 160 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion, leading to 23% growth in adjusted earnings per share. And now I'd like to discuss our second quarter and full year 2012 guidance in a bit more detail. As Rob mentioned, consistent with our views from early in the year, we remain cautious regarding macroeconomic conditions. As such, we are forecasting a similar demand profile to what we experienced in the first quarter of 2012, but with somewhat lower expectations for Europe. We continued to expect full year 2012 reported growth of 10% to 12% and organic revenue growth to be mid-single digits or in the range of 4% to 6%. For the second quarter, we expect adjusted revenues to be in the range of $530 million to $540 million, with organic revenue to be mid-single digits. Regarding adjusted operating margins, we expect to continue to expand margins in the range of 75 to 100 basis points for the year. As previously mentioned, we are deploying investments throughout the balance of the year in support of our multi-year productivity initiatives that will be absorbed within our full year target for adjusted operating margin expansion. Bringing all these factors together, we are raising our full year adjusted earnings per share for 2012 from our previously announced range of $1.98 to $2.04, to a new range of $2 to $2.05, representing growth of 9% to 12% over the prior year. Additionally, taking into consideration the items just discussed, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the second quarter to be in the range of $0.47 to $0.49, representing growth of 9% to 14% as compared to the second quarter of 2011. That concludes my prepared remarks. I'll turn the call back over to Dave.
David C. Francisco: Thanks, Andy. Operator, at this time, we'd like to open the call to questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Dan Brendan with Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan: There's been some conflicting commentary thus far in the earnings season from some of your instrument peers regarding pharma spending on instruments in the first quarter. Just wondering if you could maybe start off discussing what type of spending you saw from large pharma customers this quarter on instrumentation. Whether there was any evidence of kind of different pacing throughout the quarter?
Robert F. Friel: I would say when you look at Pharma and it's difficult to characterize all the companies as sort of one entity, but I think what we see is, against the backdrop of further consolidation, outsourcing and, I would say, modest R&D spending is probably 3 or 4 trends that impact our business. The first trend and one that's probably been going on for some time is this move from a small molecule to large molecule. And so what we see is that benefits us in the area of microfluidics in a lot of for imaging products, probably puts a little pressure on the high throughput screening readers. I think on balance, it probably provides us a bit of a benefit, but I think that's a trend. Again, if you look at overall, probably a slight benefit to us but affects different product lines. There's clearly a focus on more companion diagnostics in epigenetics. I think that's another area where it sort of helps us in the microfluids in our tissue imaging and some of our reagents. And then, of course, the continued drive to outsource and drive productivity in your labs helps us in the areas of services, in informatics and in developing countries. So I think when you look at the trends that are occurring within pharma, some good and some bad, but overall, fairly positive for us with our portfolio, with the exception of, of course, we've got the RAD reagents that continue to get some drag as people move away from that.
Daniel Brennan: And then maybe just one follow-up. In terms of your U.S. economic customers, like when youre thinking about kind of a spending level from them, as we get to the second half of the year, are you building any conservatism into your own internal budgeting, thinking may be there might be some slowdown in spending from the researchers as they kind of look ahead to '13 or have yet to see kind of what you're seeing from those customer base?
Robert F. Friel: So again, similar to pharma, I think when we look at the academic spending, you've got to too look at sort of where they are spending it. In our assumptions, probably for the back half, is overall spending is probably flat to may be down a little bit. But more importantly, it's in the areas that we provide products for them. So particularly, we're seeing a lot of interest in some of our higher end imaging like the IVIS imaging as they're doing large molecule distribution studies. And so there's areas within academic, even though the spending is slowing down, that they're still spending in. The key is, obviously, NGS is another one where they -- looks like they're continuing to spend. And so I think the key for us is just making sure that we're in  the right places.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg with Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Rob, maybe just on your comments around Europe, you mentioned as well that there was favorable timing in your shipments. So are you seeing anything specific right now that gives you that caution or are you just given all the macro and headlines that you read out of Europe, you're being cautious? Are you seeing things kind of slow right now?
Robert F. Friel: No, I think it's more of the latter. I think it's just -- we continue to obviously read the headlines and view the concerns, whether it's around the capital markets or just the overall funding levels of the government. We do expect that at some point that's going to impact demand in Europe. We didn't see it in the first quarter, as you know, we didn't see it in the fourth quarter. And I would say, to a large extent, the timing of shipments that Andy talked about was not necessarily specific to Europe. I would say that was more of a global phenomenon. But Europe again did pretty well for us, but we do think, at some point, we'll see a slow down there.
Jonathan P. Groberg: When were the timing of shipments? I mean just because you highlighted it -- there must have been -- was that in a particular business or what was that?
Frank A. Wilson: We had a very strong month 3, Jon. And it was really, I've mentioned it more in conjunction with the receivable bill that we saw in the quarter. So I think we feel good about our ability to collect that in the second quarter, but there was a bit of an increase in the receivable balance in the first quarter. I think the linearity in the second quarter is probably going to be a little more spread evenly but we did see a very strong March.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Okay. And if I could just one more. You heard kind of conflicting things around emerging markets as well. I think you said your BRIC countries had 20% growth. Can you maybe just talk about which businesses were driving the growth and what you saw there?
Robert F. Friel: I would say we saw a pretty broad base. Our view is China was up 20% again, another strong quarter from there. So we're not seeing the contraction in the emerging markets. Brazil and South America were strong for us as well. I would say we saw a little bit of a slowdown in Eastern Europe but I think that was a comp issue as compared to economic phenomena. So our growth in emerging markets continues to be pretty much across the board.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Lawson with Mizuho Securities USA.
Peter Lawson: Rob, just with the guidance to maintain full year top line guidance, you mentioned Europe being weak. What's the offset from Europe? And then based on kind of the lower Q2 guidance and revenues, what's makes up the delta in the second half?
Robert F. Friel: First of all, let me just sort of clarify, with regard to the second quarter, we're still talking about mid-single digit growth, so we're not really talking about changing that. And again, relative to the full year, we're still at a mid-single digits. So we're basically holding the guidance. I think the only thing we're saying is whilst 6% was a little better than we thought in the first quarter, we do think that Europe will slow down here a little bit. So I think that's fundamentally what we're saying is, we're not saying let's take the 6% in the first quarter and assume that continues through the whole year.
Peter Lawson: Got you. And then the fact that Europe's slow for the rest of the year, what's the offset, is that coming from Asia?
Robert F. Friel: Well, we are just saying that in our assumptions, we are assuming that Europe slows down a little bit relative to the first quarter.
Frank A. Wilson: We are assuming, Peter, that our second, third and fourth quarter European performance is in line with our expectations but not at the level we saw in the first quarter. So overall, our full year guidance, that's why it hadn't changed dramatically. And by the way, we haven't given second quarter guidance until today. So there is a -- that's new news for today.
Peter Lawson: And then the higher OpEx from particularly R&D, is that coming from the Caliper? Or is there something else in there?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, Caliper spent a higher percentage of revenue on R&D than PerkinElmer and we're maintaining that high level of R&D.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird.
Quintin J. Lai: With respect to OneSource, you talked about even moving out to the emerging markets. Rob, as you do so, how are the margins for the services business in those areas compared to the western markets? And do you need to have a build out, more technicians? How does that, how do you scale?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think that's a fair assumption. As we go into new markets, we need to build, in most cases, we're building the capacity ahead of the revenue. And so, I think, that's an investment we're making, we recognize we need to be where our customers are and sort of alluded to before, we continue to see the pharmaceutical and biotech companies move into those areas with their R&D spending. So I think initially, there will be a lower margin in those areas as we build out the capabilities. But those things can scale relatively quickly.
Quintin J. Lai: And with respect to free cash flow, Andy, could you kind of go over it again because the impacts in Q1 and then how you expect that to -- the full year to be again?
Frank A. Wilson: Sure. Within the first quarter, we had 2 significant items that impacted the year-over-year comparisons. One was, we made a contribution to our defined benefit plan of $17 million. We also had some tax items that impacted the quarter by about $13 million. So that's really the difference between 2011, 2012. There was a little bit of a receivable build, days for both receivables and inventory were pretty consistent year-over-year. But given the  shipment linearity, we did see a bit of a build in receivables more so than we wanted. We think the first half will be in line with past years and we still believe we'll generate more than 100% of free cash to net income for all of 2012.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line up Zarak Khurshid.
Zarak Khurshid: Yes. Zarak Khurshid of Wedbush Securities. First, I guess on Caliper, can you break out the contribution there? I think you mentioned that it accelerated. What's driving that? How fast did it grow and can you speak to kind of the relative strength of IVIS versus microfluidics and some of the drivers of the acceleration?
Robert F. Friel: So with regard to the contribution, I'll with that and Kevin's actually here, so I'll ask him to drill in to some of the performance from so a product line perspective. I think, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, if you look at Caliper in 2011, they grew and I think it was sort of mid-teens. Actually, for the first quarter, they did a little bit better than that. And the operating margins, we had stated that through the year, there was a plan that they would get to the PerkinElmer average by the end of the year, and I would say, based on the first quarter, we're actually tracking ahead of that plan but with regard to the specifics, I'll ask Kevin to comment on that.
Kevin Hrusovsky: Zarak, we actually have 3 different applications areas that have been very hot. One is NextGen Sequencing, the second is biotherapeutics and vaccines and the third is imaging. And the imaging is primarily the IVIS imagers and that grew double-digit, I'd say low double-digit. And we acquired that business unit about 5 years ago, 6 years ago. And it's really been performing at that mid-teen growth level ever since we acquired it. So it's been a really good ramp and it's been very consistent even though a lot of that is going to academia, a lot of grant writing and then there's like I think 2,400 peer-reviewed science journal articles now further support that build out. The NextGen Sequencing and the biotherapeutics were primarily microfluidics and there, we actually saw even a faster growth. We saw more like a 20% to 25% growth and primarily, we're doing sample prep in the NextGen sequencing area and we continue to build out nice quality control platforms there and we're agnostic with all the big NextGen sequencers, alumina, Life, primarily being most of the market right now. And then in biotherapeutics, we are seeing growth in academia and pharma and interestingly, it's primarily microfluidics but we also have large molecule biodistribution studies now occurring with their IVIS imagers. So those are the primary growth areas, but interestingly, you might be surprised to hear their automation also did extremely well in the first quarter from Caliper and it's primarily the linkage up with NextGen Sequencing with our microfluidics. So we sell these platforms of a combination of microfluidics and automation. So automation actually grew the fastest of all 3 segments in the first quarter. Again, very strong build out occurring in hospitals, particularly, children's hospitals for NextGen sequencing.
Zarak Khurshid: What did Caliper do for the first quarter? Can you break it out, was it $40 million?
Kevin Hrusovsky: It's approximately $40 million, right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard: Andy, is there any way to quantify or normalize what the impact of the timing benefit was in the quarter, on the total revenue growth rate?
Frank A. Wilson: It was probably less than 1% but it was not immaterial, so I would say, 1% or less.
Daniel L. Leonard: Okay. And given that one of your partners/competitors received CE marking for a newborn screening product today, could you remind us what the barriers look like in that market and your competitive positioning vis-a-vis new entrants?
Robert F. Friel: First of all, the Luminax assays do not really talk about improved performance, it's really just about a workflow. And what they got CE marked in Europe, as my understanding was 4 assays. I believe what they're doing in the U.S. is actually cut it down to 3 now. And so really the workflow benefit to actually do that is fairly minimal because they're still going to need one of our instruments to do IRT. So we don't really see a real challenge for that in the U.S. and just as a data point, one of the states that ran their sort of instruments has just re-upped for us for another 3 years. So we don't see a significant challenge as a result of the recent announcement.
Daniel L. Leonard: Okay. And my final question, where do you stand? I appreciate that integration process to Caliper has gone well, so far, but where do you stand in terms of what inning are you in, in the heavy lifting pieces of that process whether they've customer facing functions or ordering activity interface, things like that?
Robert F. Friel: I would say, probably in the sixth or seventh inning, I think we've made terrific progress there. We mentioned in the last call we sort of jumped at this early November and so we had a good almost 6 months now at this. So I think we're pretty late innings. Maybe --  Kevin, you want to comment on that a little bit?
Kevin Hrusovsky: I think you're right on, Rob. I think the only thing that will be pretty exciting is we got these user group coming  user group meetings coming up, Dan. You remember those, and this year is going to be really credible, the first one is going to be in June. We're expecting over 600 customers from around the world, mainly PhD's and MDs. And we've got over 60 speakers, customer speakers over 2-day track and then we're going straight from there to the U.K. and there we're expecting over 40 speakers from our customers. And then from there to China. I think that's going to be one of the last major integration points because the customer base here is going to be coming from both sides of PerkinElmer and Caliper, and it's got an incredible linkage that we have built with informatics and we even had a lot of newborn dimensions to this. So it's going to be a real showcase of what PerkinElmer has got to bring to the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Wood with Jefferies.
Jon Davis Wood: So Rob, hopefully, you'll let Kevin answer this. What was Caliper's OP in the first quarter?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I don't know if I want to get into this because as you can imagine as we integrate these together, that's a little harder to trace,. I mean we can trace the revenue pretty well, but I think, as we start to benefit from some of these synergies, all I would say is that we are ahead of the plan to reach PerkinElmer's margins by the end of the year.
Frank A. Wilson: If I could just make one comment. You may recall there are contribution margins in the Caliper product line are very strong and the global footprint of PerkinElmer is really bringing in a big advantage to this overall revenue acceleration that you're seeing.
Jon Davis Wood: Just looking at the Human Health margins. I mean, Europe, up 200 basis points year-over-year and, I would imagine Caliper is still dilutive, given that they're coming off a very low base. So you comment maybe on screening and imaging businesses, I mean how did the absorption look in kind of the core?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So I would say you're right under the assumption that while we're seeing good progress in Caliper, they're still dilutive to the Human Health margins but we are seeing very good incremental flow through in the revenue growth. We are seeing it in the diagnostics side both on the screening because they have a tendency to be very heavily-related towards reagents. And also, in our Medical Imaging business, as Andy talked about had a very good quarter with strong growth. They also are putting a very strong incremental margins as well. So I mean I think one of the aspects of the Human Health business is and, of course, Caliper now, complements that very nicely, is those businesses have a tendency to have nice gross margins and very strong flow through on the incremental revenue.
Jon Davis Wood: Got it. And are you willing to, Andy, quantify or kind of parse out imaging versus screening. I think you've mentioned all of Diagnostics was low-double digits, can you just give us a little bit more color?
Frank A. Wilson: We haven't historically done that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro: First question was on the newborn screening business. I was wondering if we could maybe parse out U.S. versus x U.S. growth in the business this quarter.
Robert F. Friel: So U.S. was positive because like we're starting to see some recovery there in births, so we think we've now, hopefully, stabilized and actually sort of February and March timeframe, we actually detect some positive growth there from births. So we actually saw probably something in the mid-single digits in the U.S. And outside the U.S., it was probably more in the high single-digit to low double.
Isaac Ro: And then on the medical imaging business new flow of order rates from medical imaging from the big companies has been generally positive but also can you help us understand sort of nontraditional applications for that technology, what you're seeing from an order perspective and how you expect that to play out for the rest of the year?
Robert F. Friel: Well, sort of Andy talked about had a very good quarter and it was fairly broad base so, not only on the medical diagnostic sides, which again the larger players like GE but also in the nonmedical applications and, of course, we are also seeing strong growth from the recent acquisition that put us into the CMOS technology. So I think almost across every aspects of that business, we saw a good growth in the quarter.
Frank A. Wilson: They were up almost every aspect double-digit in the first quarter.
Isaac Ro: Last one for me is just on the margins. Obviously a pretty solid operating margin versus at least my numbers. And then if we look back sequentially to the last, to fourth quarter last year, you also had a really solid number. So if we look at sort of how you're guiding this year with 100 basis, up to 100 basis points of operating margin improvement, how should we think about kind of the pacing of that improvement especially given the fourth quarter comp you have on margins?
Frank A. Wilson: I think we feel like that the 75 to 100 is a prudent way to go out now. I think we had a very good performance in the first quarter. We did see some licensing revenue that probably helped us 30 or so basis points in the first quarter. I would say that we think it's going to be fairly ratably grown over the second, third quarters maybe a little bit less in the fourth. But keep in mind that we are investing in some of the longer-term productivity initiatives so there will be a little bit of a back-and-forth here. But I would say, at the end of the year, we feel pretty good about hitting that 75 to 100, and probably closer to the higher end of that range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Brokmeier with Group.
Bryan Brokmeier: Kevin, you talked a little bit about the growth of microfluidics and the sample prep for NGS, is that largely been in the higher end sequencers, how's your penetration of desktop sequencers' sample preps compared to that larger higher-end platforms?
Kevin Hrusovsky: Interestingly, it's still primarily on the higher end because what you have there's a lot of folk in these core labs would buy the sequencer and then as they started to get sample flows coming in, that would then start to bottleneck to your sequencer and that's where they would move in with the automation in the microfluidics. But I should point out that the same bottleneck is going to occur with the tabletops and microfluidics really play to the hand of the smaller sample size, as well as the speed that's going to be needed for these tabletops. So I think we are well-positioned with microfluidics. In fact, I think microfluidics was overkill for many of the large sequencers. We're really well-positioned as the tabletops starts to command sample flow. And I think that's the real question now, how much sample flows going to come in and when. But we are starting to see that he's going to command and when. But we're starting to see that movement already, so we feel good for the future.
Bryan Brokmeier: Okay. And then, secondly, you guys talked about a strong finish to the year. How much of the revenue was back-end loaded and was that really just sort of some onetime revenue boost at the end? Or should that sort of fall through at the beginning of second quarter?
Frank A. Wilson: No, you're talking about the strong finish to the quarter?
Bryan Brokmeier: Right.
Frank A. Wilson: No, that was really across the board, we just saw an acceleration through the month of March. We see it every once in a while. Some of our customers actually asked for us to ship early in March just based on their buying needs. So I would probably look as we go out, it will be more normalized and the linearity will be more similar to prior years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Arias with UBS.
Daniel Arias: Rob or Kevin, I guess on Caliper, I understand the comments you just made about the numbers getting a little blurry as you integrate the business, but if I could, I know at one point the outlook for margin expansion over the next few years was sort of just under 2/3 OpEx improvement and then 1/3 gross margin improvement or so. Is that still how youre looking at that improvement opportunity there?
Robert F. Friel: Are you talking about Caliper specifically or PerkinElmer?
Daniel Arias: I am.
Robert F. Friel: Caliper, specifically.
Kevin Hrusovsky: Yes, you know what? I think that the interesting part now when you merge it's as if -- I think the OpEx opportunities start to do get blurred. But the footprint of the revenue acceleration that occurs with the globalness of PerkinElmer's footprint, commercial footprint, is really going to allow us to get there sooner. So you might actually start to see this OpEx move faster. But I think, with that said, we continue to launch a lot of new innovation and that's really where we got our gross margin expansion was primarily through new innovation and when we bring that out, like you heard Rob mention earlier, the new Spectrum CT, these products command a much higher gross margin because they're bringing a lot more to the table. So I do think we're going to continue to keep pace with gross margin but I think it will be outpaced, 2/3, 1/3 by the OpEx because of the leverage that we're getting in the synergies of the merger.
Daniel Arias: Okay. And then, I guess, you guys have been somewhat active on the legal side of things lately, at least as it relates to mass spec, just in terms of some the brands for IP, should we be thinking about modeling a bit more in litigation costs just given that you have got multiple suits ongoing here?
Robert F. Friel: No, I mean, I don't think -- we're not expecting that to be a material cost. I mean, you mentioned we've got some interesting IP in a number of areas and we just think it's appropriate that we sort of defend that. But I don't think there's going to be material litigation costs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: Andy, could you were going a little fast when you were talking about the tax rate, could you just go over that, the tax rate in the quarter?
Frank A. Wilson: The tax rate for 25% in the quarter, adjusted tax rate. And for the year, it's 24%. So if you're modeling out, I would use 24% for the next 3 quarters.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. And it was a little high in Q1 because of what?
Frank A. Wilson: It was basically just distribution of profits. It will fluctuate a little bit just because...
Derik De Bruin: And so -- Kevin, since I got you there, I just wanted to ask a question, also to the whole team there. Kevin, I caught the tail end of your talk at AGBT and you were talking about integrating some of the GeneSifter technologies and Geospiza technologies, and the automation platform, the sequencing platforms and some of the service and stuff that kind of look at light penetrating into the clinic with this. I guess, can you kind of give us some -- kind of go back and kind of address that? And basically kind of outline how you see this going in and, I guess, you guys, how are you going -- what are you doing for like a go-to-market in terms of the clinical approach? And how are you approaching the -- how you're approaching the, obviously, the clinical sequencing market. That's kind of a broad question but I was intrigued by your talk.
Kevin Hrusovsky: Yes. Absolutely, Derik. I think one of the key points here is just, in general, how fast will Next Gen Sequencing penetrate the clinical market? And I think, certainly, the Roche Alumina situation is, in my mind, potentially a telling sign around the belief systems around NGS. We see it very much right now being utilized in children's hospitals and some cancer hospitals. And they typically will have a cap or plio-type approach and they will be looking at Sanger sequencing to correlate in a kind of a parallel lab approach. The economics and the time of answer, as well as the answers you can get by multiplexing, are very compelling for NGS. We see that as being game-changing compelling. But the real challenge I think is converting these research reports that you're getting today into medical reports. And that is an adoption challenge that you saw with Sanger sequencing, it took really quite a few number of years. What we are encouraged by, we have collaborators. We have a couple of tracks on this and investors will be invited to attend the user group meetings. But what we were encouraged by is that many of the folks that ran these Sanger labs, that were able to get medical reports and get adoption from the clinicians, are now being moved into these NGS labs, and they're actually starting with the medical report, working backward into the workflows. Now where we participate is in the sample prep, and we actually believe that the sample prep is worth so much of the variability is coming from relative to NGS. Primarily because you got the GC bias in many different issues that you have with the samples being taken from the human and getting in them into the right kind of library to go into NGS and that's where we're trying to play. And so GSPs for us was a real nice opportunity to bring informatics into the sample prep. It's both a lens system, as well as it can be an analysis system. And so now, what we're challenging our GSP's think tank with was helping us evolve this into medical reports. And we're very encouraged by -- Rob and the team have acquired 3 or 4 different informatics platforms. They have a phenomenal leader in that informatics business and we're seeing the opportunity to leverage across the informatics infrastructure to try to be the company to help migrate into more of a medical report. So we think it's got real potential starting out in these children hospitals, then we think evolving into cancer where it's more complicated. It's not medallion-type diseases, when you start dealing with cancer and I think that's where -- right now, there's more pushback from the clinicians and the pathologists.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Paul Knight with CLSA. Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division In the Asian markets, I know there has been a lot of excitement in your groups about the 90 to 100 sales people that can leverage the Caliper product, Kevin. Is that traction occurring now in the sales effort?
Kevin Hrusovsky: Yes, you know Paul, it's interesting. We had one of the -- a lot of this is a cultural thing, right? And I got to say we had an AIPAC meeting back about a month, a month and a half ago. And I got to tell you, I've never seen a team come together so excitingly. The folks from the PerkinElmer side were being given some amazingly disruptive products to sell. And the folks from the Caliper side were just blown away by the competency of that Asia team and so, I think, there have been some challenges in certain pockets of that Asia operation, historically, which have been filled almost like -- hand in glove with the mergers. I actually think that we had strong Q1 and I believe that the ability for us to continue moving products throughout Asia is probably one of the best parts of this merger. Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division And then, Rob, you had mentioned earlier on the call on analytical instruments, I think, inorganics or that must be your microscopy businesses, is that the driver? And is Asia driving that on the environmental side? What's happening in that big analytical piece right now?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say, probably over the last 18 to 24 months, we basically almost have a whole new product line from the inorganic perspective with a number of new products that we've come out with. That, combined with the number of new products we've come out in the molecular spectroscopy area, I think, is really allowing us to do very well in areas like water, food, environmental and chemical analysis. I would say the growth right now is probably disproportionately higher in the Pac Rim and the emerging markets. But, quite frankly, I think, we're seeing good growth across the globe fundamentally driven by these new products that have come out fairly recently. Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division And lastly, Rob, you were conservative about Europe on your last call, and then you said that Eastern Europe was strong particularly. Are you just continuing that tone or do you see any change in orders in other parts of Europe?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say, the one difference in the first quarter versus the first quarter in 2011 was we saw actually strength in Western Europe in the first quarter. And so again we continue to be surprised to the upside by the resiliency of the European demand, at least particularly with our product set.
Operator: You have a follow-up from the line of Dan Brennan with Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan: Just one quick one. I think on your last call, you discussed the U.S. birth rate that was still flat-to-down versus the improved outlook now. So I'm just wondering, can you discuss what type of birth rate you're seeing today and help us think about the leverage for Perkins organic growth from an improving U.S. birth rate?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say, I would describe it as it's stabilized. And I just mentioned the fact, in the latter part of the quarter, we saw some small uptick. I think it's probably a little early to call the turn here. But I would say, we think it's and our assumption through the year is it's going to be flattish for 2012. If we see a little bit better that, if we see some growth in the back half of the year, I think, that will provide us some upside. But we're assuming sort of flat birth in the U.S.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I'll turn the call back over to Rob Friel for closing remarks.
Robert F. Friel: So first, well, thank you for your questions and continued interest in PerkinElmer. As some of you know, last week marked the 75th anniversary of PerkinElmer. As we commemorate this important milestone, we are proud of the recognition and the tremendous contributions from our employees, our rich histories of scientific innovation and our commitment to serving our customers, which have shaped our culture over 7 decades. On behalf of our 7,000 employees, I'm excited about continuing to significantly improve human environmental health around the world and help make life better for years to come. With that, I want to thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. All parties may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2011 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jeremy, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Dave Francisco, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
David C. Francisco: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at perkinelmer.com or from our toll-free investor hotline at 1 (877) PKI-NYSE. Please note, this call is being webcast live and be archived on our website until February 16, 2012. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of our Safe Harbor statements that we've outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. And during this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call for the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel.
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Dave. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. We're pleased to report another great quarter for PerkinElmer, rounding out a very good year for the company and a year in which we made significant progress across a number of parameters. Given that Andy will discuss our financial results and key market segments in more detail, I'll provide high-level financial highlights and focus more on our strategic progress, as well as discuss our outlook and guidance going forward. Turning first to our fourth quarter financial performance, PerkinElmer delivered strong growth in revenue, adjusted earnings per share and cash flow. Revenue grew 15% and organic revenue grew 6% in the period. Adjusted operating margins increased approximately 250 basis points and operating cash flow was $82.5 million, up 95% over Q4 last year. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.62 in the fourth quarter, up 38% from the fourth quarter of last year and significantly better than our guidance of $0.49 to $0.51. This much stronger performance was attributable to 3 fundamental reasons. First, our revenue growth was stronger than we forecasted, largely due to higher growth in Europe than we had expected with particular strength from Eastern Europe. Second, a more favorable mix and improved operating execution resulted in excellent conversion of our incremental revenue. And finally, the profitability of Caliper during this stub period was better than expected. While stub periods are sometimes difficult to forecast, Caliper's performance benefited from the timing of the closing as their expenses in the quarter were fairly linear but their revenue was skewed towards the end of the quarter. The higher-than-planned profit from Caliper contributed about 1/3 of the approximate 250 basis point margin improvement for the company, with the remainder coming from solid revenue growth, favorable mix and improved operating execution offset somewhat by the stronger U.S. dollar. Turning to the full year. Revenue grew 13% and organically, revenue grew 6% at the high end of our original guidance with solid contributions from all territories. We expanded adjusted operating margins by 150 basis points to 15.4%, well in excess of our stated objective. Our progress in 2011 gives us even greater confidence in our ability to meet our objective of 18% adjusted operating margins in 2014. This improved profitability translated into adjusted earnings per share growth for 2011 of 35%. Lastly, adjusted operating cash flow grew 24%. During 2011, we also made significant progress improving the growth profile of the company through the introduction of several market-driven, innovative new products and a number of acquisitions that expanded our capabilities and considerably increased our addressable markets. In particular, we significantly strengthened our capabilities in molecular analysis, imaging, sample preparation and informatics. And combined with our historical strength, we now believe we have put together a portfolio of highly differentiated offerings to serve the diagnostic, research and environmental markets. While it is still early, we are extremely pleased with how the acquisition integrations are proceeding, and our strong results in the back half of 2011 are partially due to our recent acquisitions exceeding our expectations during last year. Also in 2011, we continued to make a real difference for the lives of millions of people across the globe. I'll highlight a couple of examples. Through our digital imaging technology, we touched over 1 million people through cancer screening and radiotherapy. Over 2 million scientists worldwide use our electronic notebook and software to improve their research efforts. Through our analytical instruments, over 1.5 billion environmental samples were analyzed hoping to improve the quality of air, water and food for millions. And we screened over 31 million newborns last year, resulting in 50 babies a day being saved from severe medical complications. As we look ahead, I'm excited about our ability to leverage our global footprint, strong customer relationships and full spectrum of technologies to continue to help improve the quality of life across the globe from early detection of disease to ensuring cleaner drinking water and safer food. Turning now to 2012 guidance, we remain cautious with regard to the overall macroeconomic environment and have, therefore, assumed growth in our end market remained similar to what we saw during the last half of 2011. Accordingly, we expect full year revenue to grow 10% to 12% and organic revenue grow to be in the mid-single digit range. We continue to believe we can expand adjusted operating margins in the 75 to 100 basis point range this year despite expanding operating margins of 150 basis points in 2011. Given these factors, we estimate our full year adjusted per share -- earnings per share for 2012 to be in the range of $1.98 to $2.04, representing growth of 9% to 11% over the prior period. Assuming we achieve the midpoint of our ranges that we have suggested, since the end of 2009, our adjusted revenue will have increased approximately 40% over the 3-year period and adjusted EPS will have increased 85%. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy.
Frank A. Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll now provide some additional details on our fourth quarter results. And following my prepared remarks, we'll open it up for questions. As Rob just discussed, we were very pleased to deliver another strong quarter of growth in revenue, adjusted earnings per share and cash flow, finishing off a great year for PerkinElmer. Revenue for the fourth quarter increased by 15% and our organic revenue increased by 6% as compared to the same period last year. By segment, organic revenue increased by 5% and 7% in our Human Health and Environmental Health segments, respectively. By geography, organic revenue in the Americas was flat, while Asia and Europe grew at a double-digit rate with Eastern Europe showing particular strength in the quarter. Within the emerging markets, which represented approximately 27% of total revenue in the quarter, we experienced continued strong demand posting organic revenue growth of over 20% in these regions. From an end market perspective, PerkinElmer's Human Health segment represented approximately 48% of total revenue in the quarter. Within Human Health, we serve 2 end markets, Diagnostics, which represented 26% of total revenue and Research, which represented 22% of total revenue. Organic revenue from our Diagnostics business increased at a low-double digit rate in the fourth quarter with strong growth generated from both our screening and Medical Imaging businesses. Our Screening business benefited from solid demand across all major areas of the portfolio despite cycling up against significant instrument placements from the prior year and ongoing pressure from relatively low birth rates in the U.S. In addition, we continue to gain traction in emerging markets as we further penetrate these fast-growing, highly populated regions of the world with our market-leading screening solutions. In our Medical Imaging business, we saw a healthy demand across all key platforms with solid growth from our base medical diagnostics offering, as well as strong contributions from nonmedical applications incorporating our amorphous silicon detectors and from surgical applications utilizing our CMOS imaging technology. Organic revenue in our Research business declined modestly in the fourth quarter. Within our base research business, we saw a continued demand for our in Vitro Imaging Systems, particularly our Opera High Content Screening System utilized for greater understanding of biological functions through the study of cellular dynamics. Moreover, we experienced strong growth in our radiometric detection equipment in support of identification and remediation efforts related to the ongoing nuclear issues in Japan. With regard to Caliper, we saw a broad-based demand across the portfolio experiencing strong interest in the recently launched Spectrum CT for simultaneous in vivo imaging of multiple animal [ph] models providing critical insights into complex, living biological systems. We also saw strong growth from our LabChip GX/GXII microfluidic systems, as our customers remain acutely focused on fast, high-quality results in genomic and biologic research. Let's now turn to Environmental Health, which represented 52% of our total revenue in the fourth quarter. Within Environmental Health, we serve 3 end markets: Laboratory Services, which represented 24% of total revenue; Environmental and Safety, which represented 19% of total revenue; and Industrial, which represented 9% of total revenue. During the quarter, we saw double-digit organic growth within both Environmental and Safety and Industrial and low-single digit organic growth in our Lab Services business, as we cycled up against a significant contract win from last year. During the quarter, we experienced strong organic revenue growth from all of our major product areas in Human Health. The broad-based demand illustrates the breadth and depth of our product offering and our extensive application knowledge, as we help address our customers need for a wide range of detection capabilities for trace metal and organic content. Before going any further, I want to provide some additional color on the 2 non-cash charges we highlighted in our release. These charges had an unfavorable impact on our GAAP results in the quarter but we believe will benefit the company in the long run. First, we changed our methodology of accounting for our defined pension plans. This change is particularly relevant to PerkinElmer as these plans are primarily related to businesses we no longer own and only approximately 10% of the beneficiaries within these plans are active in our current operations. In addition, the mark-to-market method of accounting for defined benefit plans is the preferred method under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, as it provides greater clarity of business performance and improves the comparability of financial results by clearly segregating the financial implications of defined benefit plans. This change has no economic implications and there is no impact on cash flow or pension funding requirement or to PerkinElmer's future liabilities associated with these plans. I will provide additional details on the impact to our financial results shortly, but I want to highlight that as a convenience to our analysts and our investors, we have placed in the Investor section of our website a presentation, which includes further information on this change, as well as a summary of our historical results reflecting this change. This analysis includes GAAP results as well as a reconciliation to our non-GAAP results. Secondly, during the quarter, we recorded an incremental tax provision for the repatriation of $350 million of earnings from international operations which will enable us to utilize these funds to pay down our increased debt resulting from the acquisition of Caliper. This one-time charge of $80 million represents a 23% effective tax rate on the repatriation. The utilization of tax attributes attained with the acquisition of Caliper will result in virtually no cash taxes on this repatriation. But under GAAP, we are required to record a nontax charge in the P&L because the tax benefits from the Caliper tax attributes are reported on the balance sheet. The long-term benefits of accelerating debt reduction will benefit us with more flexibility to resume strategic capital deployment, thereby continuing to increase our growth profile. Now looking at our margin performance in the period, adjusted gross margin expanded approximately 300 basis points driven by volume, leverage, strong productivity gains resulting from our margin expansion initiatives and the favorable impact of acquisitions. Adjusted operating margins expanded approximately 250 basis points in the fourth quarter to 18.5% due primarily to these same factors. For the full year 2011, adjusted operating margins expanded approximately 150 basis points to 15.4% as compared to the same period a year ago, well ahead of our stated objective of adjusted operating margin expansion of between 75 to 100 basis points. With further productivity investments planned in 2012, we firmly believe in our ability to achieve our stated goal of high-teens operating margins by 2014. In our Human Health segment, adjusted operating margins for the quarter were 22.8%, representing an increase of approximately 350 basis points as compared to the fourth quarter of 2010, while our Environmental Health segment delivered adjusted operating margins of 18.8% representing an increase of approximately 320 basis points. Volume, leverage, favorable mix and productivity gains across the company, combined with solid contributions from our Caliper and informatics businesses drove these strong segment performances. GAAP operating loss was $27.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 versus operating income of $48.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. As mentioned previously, the fourth quarter of 2011 includes a noncash, pretax charge of approximately $69 million in the period, resulting from the change in accounting methodology for our defined benefit plans. To reiterate, this change has no impact on our cash flows or funding obligations. For the fourth quarter, our GAAP tax rate included a non-cash charge of approximately $68.3 million related to our previously mentioned plans to repatriate foreign earnings to accelerate both our deleveraging strategy, as well as for the utilization of the net operating loss carry forwards obtained with the acquisition of Caliper, partially offset by other discrete items. On a non-GAAP basis, our adjusted tax rate was 24.5%, which is slightly favorable to the guidance communicated in November. GAAP loss per share from continuing operations in the fourth quarter of 2011 was $0.75 compared to earnings per share of $0.37 in the fourth quarter of 2010. Our adjusted EPS was $0.62 in the fourth quarter of 2011, up 38% from the prior year and exceeding our guidance for the quarter of $0.49 to $0.51. For the full year, adjusted EPS was $1.83 as compared to $1.36 in 2010, representing an increase of 35% year-over-year. Our weighted average basic share count for the fourth quarter of 2011 was approximately 112.7 million shares and our ending share count was approximately 112.8 million shares. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the fourth quarter with approximately $945 million of debt and approximately $142 million of cash. Looking at our cash flow performance for the quarter, our operating cash flow from continuing operations was $82.5 million as compared to $42.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2010, representing an increase of 95% year-over-year. For the full year, operating cash flow from continuing operations was $234 million as compared to $163.1 million which included a $30 million voluntary pension contribution in the prior year. Full year adjusted operating cash flow was up 24% year-over-year. In summary, we are extremely pleased with our financial performance for the fourth quarter. 15% reported revenue growth, 6% organic growth, 38% growth in adjusted earnings per share, 95% growth in operating cash flow and approximately 250 basis points of operating margin expansion are the result of the dedication and hard work of PerkinElmer's 7,000 employees around the world, successfully executing on our growth and productivity initiatives. This performance gives us even greater confidence in our ability to achieve our longer-term objectives. Now I'd like to discuss our 2012 guidance in a bit more detail. We expect full year 2012 reported growth of 10% to 12% and organic revenue to be in the mid-single digits or approximately 4% to 6%. In the first quarter, we expect adjusted revenue to be in the range of $500 million to $510 million with organic revenue growing at the low end of the mid-single digit range, given the difficult double-digit growth comparison from the prior year. We expect an impact from foreign exchange in the first quarter similar to that of the full year or a headwind of approximately 200 basis points. Regarding adjusted operating margins, with leverage on the expected revenue growth as well as continued progress on our multiyear productivity initiatives, we expect to continue to expand adjusted operating margins in the range of 75 to 100 basis points for the year. Bringing all these factors together, we estimate our full year adjusted earnings per share for 2012 to be in the range of $1.98 to $2.04 representing growth of 8% to 12% over the prior year. Additionally, taking into consideration the items just discussed, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the first quarter to be in the range of $0.39 to $0.41, representing growth of 11% to 17% as compared to the first quarter of 2011. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to Dave.
David C. Francisco: Thanks, Andy. Operator, at this time, we'd like to open up the call for some questions please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  Our first question comes from Jon Groberg with Macquarie Capital.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Congratulations on what looks like a good start to the Caliper integration. Obviously, a lot of adjustments here. I'll have to go to your investor website and get all the details. But I just have 2 questions. First, Rob, I guess if you think about geographically, most companies have been talking about more strength in the U.S. and kind of weaker in Europe. And as you said, you had kind of in the quarter the exact opposite. So maybe you can just talk about what you're seeing geographically and how you think that plays out in 2012? And then the second question is on the Environmental Health operating margin where obviously there, you didn't have a benefit from Caliper but you still had pretty significant expansion which is a big reversal from last quarter. Maybe you can just detail that a little bit more?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say on the geographic side, and I think we mentioned this briefly, is the reason why we saw strength in Europe was largely Eastern Europe, in particular, in the Diagnostic area. We saw some real strength in Russia where we had won a tender where they were looking at both newborn screening and prenatal screening. So that was really one of the big drivers to the double-digit growth in Europe. I think in the U.S., one of the reasons why for us, U.S. was a little weaker was because of strong comps in Q4 of 2010. We had very strong growth in the U.S. So I think those are the explanations for maybe why we're a little off than maybe what some of the other companies you're talking to. And with regard to the environmental margin expansion, I mean, we've been seeing good operating margin expansion in the environmental area. And I think what we saw in Q4 was particularly strong mix. And you're seeing some of the benefit now of the informatic acquisitions as they start to ramp up. Of course, we talked about this at the time of the acquisitions. They carry obviously much higher gross margins and much higher operating margins. So we saw those benefits manifest themselves in Q4.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Okay. And then just in 2012, kind of maybe are there any other tenders or how do you think geographically things will play out in 2012?
Robert F. Friel: So as I think about 2012, I expect the U.S. and Europe to be comparable, particularly when we talk about Europe as Eastern and Western Europe. And I think they're going to be in the low-single digits. And I continue to see the majority of our growth from a growth rate perspective coming in the APAC regions. So like I said, U.S. and Europe probably in the low-single digits. I think probably the APAC region is high-single, low-double.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Leonard with Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard: On your EBIT margin expansion plans for 2012, you mentioned that assume some leverage on incremental revenue as well as productivity initiatives. How much of the expansion would you throw in each bucket? And I guess I'm trying to think of how sensitive that expansion would be to your revenue line.
Robert F. Friel: So I would say probably 60% is revenue and 40% is from the productivity. And that assumes the mid-single growth that we've guided to.
Daniel L. Leonard: Okay. And on the productivity initiatives, are those primarily targeted on the gross margin line, on the OpEx or any color?
Robert F. Friel: They're actually a little bit of both. We're doing some things from a G&A perspective. I think we've talked on a couple calls about how we want to continue to drive back office consolidation. And then in the other area, you may have saw we made some announcements a couple of weeks ago with regard to moving some of our manufacturing into Asia. And obviously, those benefits will flow through the gross margin side.
Daniel L. Leonard: Okay. And then my final question on CambridgeSoft, on the software side, I guess if there's anything to pick out in this quarter, I actually thought the number for that business would have been higher. I thought it was very Q4 loaded. Looking forward, do you still expect that business to be Q back-end loaded or seasonal? Or would you expect it to normalize and smooth out under your ownership as opposed to...
Robert F. Friel: I think it will smooth out to some extent but it takes us a little while. As you know well, in the software business, the revenue recognition is sometimes difficult to predict. And so if we look at the informatics business in the back half, it probably grew mid- to high-single digits but our expectation for 2012 is more in the mid-teens. And I think as it becomes -- as we own it longer, we'll do a -- we'll be able to increasingly smooth out the flow of that revenue. So I expect 2012 will be more linear than '11. And '13 will be more linear than '12.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken: So in terms of sort of Caliper, since you've owned it, how would you sort of characterize, kind of happy surprises, parts that you feel like you need to work on? How you feel like you're going to take some of the R&D expertise there and reinvigorate maybe parts of the research franchise and kind of turn around that business that's sort of been growing below market for a while?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say, first of all, that the probably most important surprise from my perspective is the quality of the people and the leadership. I mean, I think we had some sense of that during the discussions. But as we sort of get more and more involved with the individuals at Caliper, it's really sort of a terrific group of individuals, both with good technical domain experience, but also terrific attitude and really very sort of culturally synergistic with what we're trying to do where we're trying to improve health sort of across the globe. So I would say that's been a -- probably the biggest surprise. And I would say the other thing is we get to sort of better understand their technology. We also see increasing opportunities across all of PerkinElmer. So while we, I would say report this business within the Research segment, we are fairly optimistic that some of the, for example, microfluidic capability is going to be able to be deployed on the food pathogen area as well as in the diagnostic side. So I would spike out those 2 as big surprises from a positive perspective.
Ross Muken: And Andy, just from a capital deployment perspective, is debt paydown going to be the focus still in the interim or with the repatriation, does that sort of solve some of it? And if not, sort of where is the M&A focus going to be?
Frank A. Wilson: I think we'll still be active in the diligence side of M&A. But I think, at least over the next several months, we are going to focus on delevering. I think we were able to put more cash into the deal, so we actually started at a better place. We still expect, by the end of this year, to have really gotten back to where we started prior to the Caliper acquisition. So I would say, we may be a little slower in the first half than the second half, but I think at some point, we'll be active again on the M&A side.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. And, Ross, I would say the other thing is, I think the reason for the pause is not only financial in nature, right? We've got a couple significant integrations in front of us. And so, with the informatics businesses and of course, the Caliper integration, I think we want to make sure we focus on those. And so, I think both for financial reasons and for management bandwidth reasons, I don't expect to see anything significant in the first half of '12.
Operator: And our next question comes from Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird.
Quintin J. Lai: So first with respect to kind of the outlook for 2012, mid-single digit, but looking at your 2 segments, Environmental and Human Health, should we assume that Human Health then, with a more cautious outlook, to be lower core growth and Environmental Health to be higher?
Robert F. Friel: No. Actually, I think as we look out forward to 2012, we think we're going to see much more consistent growth from both segments. As Andy mentioned, that we were pleased in Q4 to see that it was 5% and 7%, I actually think for 2012, you could see a scenario where we continue to see fairly similar growth across the Human and the Environmental Health. And of course, one of the reasons for that is we continue to feel good about the prospects for Caliper to improve the growth profile of the Human Health side.
Quintin J. Lai: And then, Rob, over the -- it seems like the last few weeks, we've seen a lot of news with respect to maybe a diagnostic company going hostile against one of the -- the tool space. We've seen tools companies increase their diagnostics management or do acquisitions. Kind of, could you give us a little update on how you feel about your diagnostics platform? And what do you think you need to do to continue to grow that over the next, let's say, 3 to 5 years?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would start off by saying, look, we feel terrific about our diagnostic platform. I would say the way to think about our diagnostics platform is it's a little different though in the developed markets as it is in the emerging markets. I would say in the developed markets, it's fairly specialized around newborn and prenatal and maybe some molecular diagnostics test, in particularly, in those applications. I think when you get in the emerging markets, it's much broader from the standpoint of, we have a terrific channel with the SYM-BIO acquisition. And of course, we picked up through that acquisition assays and capabilities into infectious disease and places like HIV and hepatitis C. So I think you've got to look at it as, in the emerging markets, a much broader diagnostic play. Whereas I think in the developed markets, it's fairly specialized.
Quintin J. Lai: Do you think that over the time period, do you feel like that you have what you need to continue to grow? Or will you be looking to be opportunistic with, let's say, M&A?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think we'll continue to be opportunistic across all our businesses. But as I sort of alluded to before, the other very interesting aspect of Caliper is, as you know, a lot of our diagnostic test of immunoassays and protein base and Caliper brings us some very interesting technology around molecular DNA testing. So we also, down the road, look to sort of deploy some of that into our diagnostic channel. But I think we'll continue to look and add assets, as I said, across all of our businesses. And obviously, you mentioned the attractiveness of the diagnostic market. And so, obviously, that's an area of significant priority for us.
Operator: And our next question comes from Nandita Koshal with Barclays Capital.
Nandita Koshal: I was wondering if, to begin with, if you could comment on expectations around the Caliper deal included in the 2012 guidance. Has your view of the revenue and EPS accretion changed at all? What's the contribution from that piece?
Frank A. Wilson: No, I don't think anything's changed for '12. I would say that the expectations of '11 are obviously, now that '11's closed, were a little bit low. But I think we still expect $0.08 of accretion and the top line growth of around $180 million is still pretty firm.
Nandita Koshal: Okay. And Andy, is there a meaningful tax rate advantage linked to the deal? I believe there was a fairly quick advantage that you could see in 2012. How should we be thinking about the tax rate?
Frank A. Wilson: No, I think that was really the reference to the repatriation of the cash. While Caliper had some tax attributes, the requirement under the acquisition accounting is those tax attributes actually go up to the balance sheet as a deferred tax asset and you do not get the benefit of that through the P&L. And so, to some extent, by bringing the cash back, we're utilizing those attributes much sooner. So while we get a significant economic benefit from the tax attributes, we don't get a P&L or earnings benefit.
Nandita Koshal: I see. And again, on the margin expansion front, you're looking for a 75 to 100 basis points of margin expansion for the full year. That's including obviously the very high margin acquisitions that benefited Q4. How much of that expansion is coming from acquisitions? And why does that number not look more comparable to what we found in Q4? I know there was a bit of that skewed revenue profile issue as well. But one would imagine you'd be above the usual run rate on margin expansion?
Frank A. Wilson: Well, first of all, I'll start off by saying look, we think when you do 100 basis points, we think that's pretty terrific performance. But I would say one of the things that is depressing that is that we are also within that 75 to 100 basis points continuing to fund productivity moves. So I mentioned the fact that we're talking about moving some production in the low cost regions. We're also doing some things from a G&A perspective. And so when you do those types of moves, very often you have repetitive costs. And so the 75 to 100 basis point margin expansion is net of funding the continued productivity actions we're taking so that we can continue in '13 and '14 to achieve the margin expansion and hit our 18% that we stated.
Nandita Koshal: Okay, that's very helpful. And I don't mean to hog time here so just one very quick last one. What was the source of the strength in Eastern Europe? What end markets, et cetera?
Robert F. Friel: It was largely in the diagnostic area and specifically, in our newborn and prenatal area.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Wood with Jefferies.
Jon Davis Wood: So what are the -- what are your expectations for the Medical Imaging business in your guidance for '12?
Robert F. Friel: I think the Medical Imaging business will perform similar to the overall corporation, so our expectations are probably mid-single.
Jon Davis Wood: Okay. And, Rob, when I lump prenatal, neonatal and cord together, that business looks like it's around low-single digits in the full year of '11. Does that accelerate in '12, that kind of collective newborn business?
Robert F. Friel: So I think your assumption on '11 is correct. And I think for 2012, our assumption is it accelerates a little bit. But the real key factor for that business is birth rates. And historically, when you look at a recession, particularly in the U.S., you'll see depressed birthrates for maybe 12, 18 months. We're now going into the third year. So that's going to be the real determinant for us, is if we continue to see flat-to-down birthrates, it's going to be tough to grow much beyond mid-single digits. If we get a little help from birthrates, I think you could see some acceleration there. Now clearly outside the U.S. and I think in particular the prenatal area, we expect to see much better growth than that. It's just a question of how much the U.S. will be a headwind.
Jon Davis Wood: Got it. Is the, and this is for Andy, the Caliper NOL shield, is -- you basically exhausted that with the 350, bringing that back. Right? Is it totally done at this point or is there still some kind of fringe benefit there?
Frank A. Wilson: No. For the most part it is done at this point.
Jon Davis Wood: Okay. Last one is, what -- did you give a tax rate guidance for 2012?
Frank A. Wilson: We didn't. But it will be slightly better than our fourth quarter which was 24%. We're going to -- we estimate it to be 24% for 2012, but [indiscernible] points lower.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Knight with CLSA. Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division As you go into the 2012 period, the risk would be budgets are reset by customers and academics like they've done in past recessions. What's your read on customer attitudes on their R&D plans for 2012?
Robert F. Friel: So I think we're cautiously optimistic in that regard, Paul. But the only thing I would say is, and again we've seen this in the past, even though people will sort of reset their budgets or cut their spending, we find that they still tend to spend in the areas where they think they're getting good productivity improvements or improved technology capabilities. And so I feel pretty confident that, and particularly with some of the new products that we've come out with and some of the call offerings that Caliper has, that even despite some realignment of budgets, I think we'll still find moneys allocated to the types of things that we can deliver to the customers. Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Where are you with R&D budgets, Rob? Are they going to go up or be unchanged as a percentage of revenue?
Robert F. Friel: They've gone up a little bit in the back half of 2011 and they'll continue to go up in 2012. And just to give you a perspective, we're now at a run rate closer to $125 million or $130 million a year and we entered the year at a run rate of about $100 million a year. So we've taken that up fairly significantly. Now to be fair, our revenue has grown as well. But we've significantly improved the R&D spend at PerkinElmer and we'll continue to do that. Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division As a percent of revenue going up a bit?
Frank A. Wilson: It will go up.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. It was up 20 basis points in Q4 and it will go up in 2012 as well. Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Okay. And then last, others in the industry have kind of an above 50% goes back to shareholders and dividends and buybacks. Are you guys thinking that way? Or do you have a set number that you would like to be at? Or is it -- are you there yet?
Robert F. Friel: So if you look historically, we've been sort of consistent with that number. When you look at our dividends and share buybacks over the last couple of years, we've returned a fair amount to the shareholders. With the Caliper acquisition, of course, the informatics acquisitions we did earlier in 2011, we put on a fair amount of debt on the balance sheet. So our intentions probably for the next couple of quarters is to use the cash flow we generate to really delever. So I wouldn't anticipate significant share buybacks until we get the balance sheet back to where it was prior to Caliper. And now of course, we do pay a dividend every quarter and we'll continue to do that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Peter Lawson with Mizuho securities.
Peter Lawson: Rob, I'm just wondering if you could talk through some of the one-time benefits in Q4? You mentioned the Russian tender. Is there anything else in there? And then how much did Caliper contribute?
Robert F. Friel: So from one-time benefits, I would say rather than benefit, it was in any given quarter, we may have some wins. So that was just a tender that we won, so -- in any given quarter. But I would say that's probably the one that I would spike out as having the most impact. And the reason why it's fairly visible is because it improved the European growth rate. And I think relative to our expectations, it was much higher. The Caliper contributions in the quarter was about $31 million, so fairly consistent with what we expected. As I said, it grew about mid-teens. And from an operating perspective, we sort of alluded to this. But because of the timing of expenses being fairly linear and because of the revenue being more back-end loaded, I think we had guided to about a $0.01 benefit in the fourth quarter. It was closer to $0.04. So there was about a $0.03 incremental EPS improvement as a result of the higher income in Caliper. Some of that is due to performance quite frankly, and some of that due to just the timing of the revenue and expense.
Peter Lawson: Got you. And then the weakness in Research, I can't remember if you talked through that?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think the Research area continues to have a headwind because of our radiochemical business. And so if you pull that out, I think the rest of the Research business grew. We saw good growth in our Imaging area so the Opera's continued to do well. And of course, I mentioned Caliper continues to do well. So there's pockets of growth in the Research area, but just because of the radiochemical being down again in the high-single digit range, it just puts a lot of headwind on that business. And of course, the strategy there or the goal there is to use Caliper's growth to help sort of offset that and then ultimately return that to a business that can grow mid- to high-single digits.
Peter Lawson: When did you think that radiochemical business hits a base?
Robert F. Friel: It's hard to predict. One of the things we are looking at is, what other things can we do with that business? So it's a combination of, it's going to continue to shrink relative to just sort of overall markets, but we are looking at maybe other opportunities to find up some applications. So Kevins here, Peter, maybe Kevin just wanted to spend a second because I know he's been looking at the radiochemical business, so maybe just...
Kevin Hrusovsky: Yes. I think Rob is right on relative to the decline and I think that we had some really interesting developments back about 1.5 years ago. A scientist from Millennium actually started using the Iris imagers from Caliper to do PET scans, which wasn't what they are initially intended for but we found great translation to a clinic by using PET scans in the imager. He subsequently went to Amgen and is now creating a lot of energy around using these PET scans. And what's really interesting is that our assets that we have here at PerkinElmer can be utilized to actually make some of these PET reagents. And so we're looking at some of our Caliper technologies to further stimulate some of the growth opportunities in some areas that we think have some rather interesting prospects both in Research and maybe even ultimately in the clinic to offset some of the declines. So if it's declining at a rate of about 8%, 8% to 10%, if we can get that down to no worse than 5%, I think it's going to have a very material benefit to our overall P&L because it is a very profitable part of the revenue stream.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan Arias with UBS.
Daniel Arias: Rob, in the Pharma business, did the difference in growth between the developing and the developed world close at all in 4Q? Or did that basically look like it did in 3Q? And so I guess, what is your view on 2012 with that dynamic in mind?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say it closed a little bit. But I mean, I think we continue to see, that is probably the opportunity for us in the 2012 area to continue to make penetration in the APAC region. I would say our expectations are not significant or -- in our 2012 guidance, we haven't assumed that we're going to make a significant amount of progress there. But I think that maybe presents a potential opportunity and upside for us. Go ahead, Kevin.
Kevin Hrusovsky: I'm just going to add one comment to that, and that is at Caliper, we never really had a very good footprint in Asia. And so the technologies have a lot of potential there. And I think one of the really interesting and compelling reasons for the merger is to, in fact, get this footprint in Asia established for Caliper. And I think we have a meeting going on actually this week. It's really been a productive meeting with our sales organizations and I think that mergers going extremely well. There's a lot of motivation, a lot of excitement. We've actually placed a senior manager to head up that Asia-Pac region. And -- but most of those leaders are with us this week, and I think that we're going to find that there's going to be a nice opportunity to start really tracking the Caliper portion which will bring an overall balance to the Asia position for the Research markets.
Daniel Arias: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the OneSource business, can you just give a sense of what the competitive dynamic is like there? What is the key to account wins? And I guess, how much of a role does price play? And how sticky do accounts tend to be?
Robert F. Friel: So I think the competitive dynamics have always been fairly fierce there from the standpoint of there's a couple large instrument players who compete on most of the OneSource opportunities. I think the competitive dynamics start with probably who has the experience and who had sort of the capabilities to do this. And I think, generally, that's why at least historically, we've done quite well in that because I think we were sort of early out of the gate and sort of multi-vendor service. And so I think in most of these tenders, we obviously have references and a lot of customers that we can point to. So I think that in a lot of cases, I'm not sure if price is that significant, quite frankly, because generally, the discussion with the customer is really around availability and uptime. So while that ultimately converts to productivity for the customer, it's not necessarily, from the standpoint is we're doing it cheaper, it's just that because we put engineers on site, we can guarantee 2- or 4-hour turnaround or uptime as compared to an OEM that might say 24- or 48-hour turnaround. So that's really -- it's really improved productivity in the lab as compared than necessarily sort of cost reduction. And I guess the answer to your other question is we -- generally, it seems to be fairly sticky. If you're doing a good job, they have a tendency to keep you around because it can be fairly high switching costs.
Daniel Arias: Great. And then I guess one last one for Andy. I don't know if I missed it, but did you give the currency impact for 4Q? And I guess, can you just parse out what you're looking for from FX next year?
Frank A. Wilson: Yes, it was about 200 basis point of headwind where we think that's going to be pretty much throughout -- flat in the fourth quarter, 200 basis points for the full year 2012, about the same in the first quarter. It won't have a significant impact to the bottom line, maybe $0.01 or so if we see the rates where they are today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby: I was wondering on the Diagnostics business, if you could break out or give us an idea of how much of that business you consider from developed markets versus emerging since they obviously have the different growth rates?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So I would say the emerging markets right now is probably about 20% and the developed markets right now about 80%.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And then given that you're -- been going against tough comps in your Service business, do you expect that business to kind of go back into the mid-single digits in 2012?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. Our expectation for Service would be to return to sort of mid-single organic growth.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro: On the mid-single digit growth outlook you guys outlined for Medical Imaging this year, I just want to kind of square up a couple of things. We obviously have an outlook for new orders from the major imaging companies that is probably flat to negative. And so I just want to make sure that it's fair to say that with that in context, the balance of your business can go grow closer to double digits?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I think clearly a higher growth is coming from nonmedical and the CMOS business, the acquisition we made. But having said that, our Medical business, we still expect to grow slightly.
Isaac Ro: Okay. And so that's and by slightly, I think you said earlier, mid-single digit. I just want to make sure I had that right?
Robert F. Friel: No, I think mid-single for the total business. I think the way to think about it, the medical side is probably sort of low-single and the nonmedical and the CMOS is higher, sort of high-single or low-double.
Isaac Ro: Got it. Okay. And then, in terms of just the mix benefit from -- or the margin benefit from the Caliper integration versus the new assets from your line of softwares, so I'm just trying to figure out the importance of one versus the other in terms of driving better operating margins this year?
Robert F. Friel: So in the case of Q4, Caliper was very significant, again, because it was a timing issue. I think if you look at, let's say, the full quarter, then I think Caliper is probably going to be in 2012 neutral to our operating margins. And of course, they are sort of growing into their scale, if you will. So our expectation is, for 2012, the operating performance of Caliper will be maybe equal to or slightly better than the corporate average. So that the benefit from an acquisition perspective is more on the informatics standpoint from a mix point of view.
Isaac Ro: Got it. Okay. And then lastly maybe a big picture question on your line of software, obviously you guys have a lot of new assets there. And maybe -- if we think about developing those products into more combined offering, what kind of a time line should we think about before you think you have a more integrated offering for those types of products and then in concert with the OneSource business you have?
Robert F. Friel: Well, we've actually got some pilots that were actually going on right now with a couple of select customers. And so assuming those go well, I think we could have something in sort of the latter part of 2012.
Operator: At this time, there are no questions queued. I'd like to hand it back to Mr. Rob Friel.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you for your questions and continuing interest in PerkinElmer. I just -- so as we enter 2012, we believe we're very well positioned to drive growth and excellent financial returns through our strength and capabilities, innovative offerings and continued focus on margin expansion. In addition, I feel extremely great about our ability to continue to make a dramatic impact on Human, Environmental Health with the ultimate goal of significantly improving life expectancy as well as the quality of life for everyone around the globe. With that, let me thank you again for joining us today, and I wish you all a great evening. This call is now adjourned.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2011 PerkinElmer Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Chanel, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, to Mr. Dave Francisco, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
David C. Francisco: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, and welcome to PerkinElmer's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at perkinelmer.com or from our toll-free investor hotline at 1(877)PKI-NYSE. Please note this call is being webcast live. It will be archived on our website until November 17, 2011. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we've outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent that we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel.
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Dave. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us today. We're pleased to report another good quarter for PerkinElmer, which we successfully delivered strong financial results while continuing to make strategic investments to improve the long-term growth profile of the company. From a financial perspective, revenue grew 8% as reported and 4% organically, despite a very strong Q3 last year in which we grew double digits organically. In addition, adjusted earnings per share increased in the third quarter to $0.41, up 32% from Q3 of last year and exceeded our guidance range of $0.37 to $0.39 per share. In the quarter, we experienced continued traction on our margin expansion initiatives with adjusted gross margin expanding by approximately 120 basis points. Adjusted operating profit margins improved by 45 basis points, despite increased investments in R&D as we continue to focus on expanding our new product pipeline as well as selling and marketing investments to enhance our commercial capabilities primarily in emerging markets. On a year-to-date basis, our revenue was up 6% organically, adjusted operating margins were up 90 basis points over the prior year and operating cash flow is up over 30%. Additionally, growth in adjusted earnings per share has increased an average of 28% in the last 7 quarters over the respective prior year periods. Given that Andy will discuss our key market segments and financial results in more detail, I'd like to provide a few of the key highlights from the quarter and then focus my remarks on our outlook going forward. In the third quarter, we experienced growth in all major geographic territories, as well as the majority of our key end markets. Within diagnostics, we continue to benefit from the expansion of programs for both newborn and infectious disease screening, particularly within the emerging territories. Contributing to the solid growth in the period was a key win in Eastern Europe and the continuation of strong demand in Brazil and the Middle East. Additionally, we initiated a collaborative effort with a number of major Japanese universities to develop new methods of detecting radiation in soil, water and food, as well as a guide to develop and monitoring of decontamination methods, which resulted in strong demand for our radiometric detection equipment in the period. Also, in the quarter, we continue to broaden our OneSource service offering with the addition of an automated system for instrument qualification, applicable and regulated lab environments. Thereby furthering our commitment to maximize lab productivity for our customers. Additionally, we continued our efforts to expand beyond the pharmaceutical industry with our OneSource service offering and experienced early wins with customers in both environmental and industrial labs. We continue to benefit from our recent acquisitions in areas such as informatics, sample prep and imaging, which will increase our relevancy for our customers and better position us in higher growth markets. In Q2, we expanded our medical imaging growth profile with an acquisition of Dexela, which is seeing strong demand, including recently winning a contract with a leading diagnostic supplier and a leading orthopedic device company. Chemagen also showed terrific growth in both North America and Europe, with its nucleic acid sample preparation solutions as laboratories seek ways to facilitate their higher throughput applications. Additionally, our informatics acquisitions have demonstrated solid growth and although still early days, are already making us a more important partner to many of our customers. Our expected acquisition of Caliper Life Sciences will also strengthen our position in the growing area of personalized medicine, as it will bolster our ability to provide customers with an even stronger pipeline of innovation. In particular, Caliper will bring excellent technology across the value chain from in vitro to in vivo imaging, as well as expanded offerings across several of our key end segments. Today, Caliper reported another strong quarter with solid growth on both the top and bottom line. We remain on track with this transaction and having secured HSR approval and the required financing. I look forward to closing the transaction in the near future. Now let's turn to the global economic environment, and how we believe it will impact PerkinElmer. Starting first with Europe. During the quarter, we experienced low single-digit growth with much stronger headwinds in the southern part than the northern and central parts. While about 30% of our revenue is from Europe, much of that is in end markets that we do not believe will be significantly impacted by the challenging economic conditions. Furthermore, only about 5% of our revenue is tied directly to European government spending that could be exposed to European government austerity measures. In the U.S., we experienced mid single-digit growth in the quarter, and similar to Europe, expect that macroeconomic conditions will continue to be challenging. However, we are seeing birth rates improving over last year and continued demand for environmental and safety products due to the both growing regulatory requirements and customers seeking to protect their brand reputation. And, of course, our service business provides real stability, as well as terrific access to our customers to expand our commercial relationships. In the developing parts of the world, which represent about 25% of our revenue, we continue to see strong double-digit growth and expect this to continue. During the quarter, we once again increased our investments in these markets, and believe we will have a great opportunity to leverage our channel capabilities to bring many of the products and technologies we recently acquired to this part of the world. Through the last several years, we have made a number of changes to our businesses, organization and global footprint, which I believe has resulted in a stronger, more resilient company. As a result, due to the nature of our end markets, our global diversity and strong customer relationships, we believe that we can continue to grow should economic conditions become more challenging. As we face the challenge of how to manage economic uncertainty while remaining focused on driving growth, our strategy will be to prudently deploy our investments toward growth areas that we believe will create the best long-term returns. However, we will not be immune to the impacts, and so we will be prudent with our investments and continue to look for ways to improve our processes and eliminate unnecessary costs. As we move into Q4, I'm encouraged by our ability to continue to deliver solid financial results. We have a portfolio that is uniquely positioned to capitalize on key trends impacting Human and Environmental Health and most importantly, this is backed by our outstanding team of people around the world. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy to get into the financial results in a little bit more detail.
Frank A. Wilson: Thanks, Rob. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to provide some additional details on our third quarter results and following my prepared remarks, we'll open it up for questions. Before moving into the financial details, I'd like to clarify that whenever I talk about our particular measure being up or down, I'm referring to an increase or decrease in that measure during the third quarter of 2011 compared to the third quarter of 2010. As Rob just discussed, we were pleased to deliver another solid quarter of growth and revenue, adjusted earnings per share and cash flow, particularly considering the difficult comparisons from the third quarter of 2010. Revenue for the third quarter increased by 8%, and organic revenue increased by 4%, as compared to the same period last year. By segment, organic revenue increased by 2% and 6% in our Human Health and Environmental Health segments, respectively. All major geographies contributed to our organic revenue growth with the America's growing at a mid single-digit rate, Europe growing at a low single-digit rate and Asia growing high single-digits, with China up over 20%.  Additionally, our presence in emerging markets continues to significantly contribute to our organic revenue growth with these key regions generating another strong quarter of double-digit growth. From an end-market perspective, PerkinElmer's Human Health segment represented approximately 46% of total revenue in the quarter. Within Human Health, we serve 2 end markets, diagnostics, which represented 29% of total revenue; and research, which represented 17% of total revenue. Organic revenue from our Diagnostics business grew at a mid-single digit rate in the third quarter with solid growth generated from both our screening and our Medical imaging businesses in the period. Organic revenue at our screening business grew at a mid single-digit rate in the quarter, as we experienced solid demand across all territories. In the U.S., we experienced healthy growth across all major areas of the portfolio. As discussed in prior quarters, we are seeing improving trends in birth rates, which we estimated as flat in the period, representing a significant improvement from the declines we experienced in 2010 and the first half of 2011. Outside of the U.S., we continue to see steady growth within the emerging territories, particularly in China and Brazil as we continue to expand our footprint of screening solutions in these key high-growth areas of the world. In our medical imaging business, organic revenue grew at a mid single-digit rate in the quarter, despite cycling up against the most difficult quarterly comparison from the prior year. Our penetration in adjacent markets for this key imaging technology continues to benefit the business with very strong demand for industrial and veterinary applications in the period. Additionally, we were gaining traction with our CMOS imaging technology, experiencing early wins with our key OEM partners for orthopedic, surgical and industrial applications. The strong growth in adjacent markets offset a modest decline in our base medical diagnostics offering due to the very difficult comparison from the prior year that I mentioned earlier. Organic revenue in our research business declined in a low single-digit rate in the third quarter despite continued healthy demand for our preclinical offerings including our Operetta, cellular imaging instrument utilized for in vitro research, as well as strong growth in our fluorescent agents utilized for in vivo imaging. Within the pharmaceuticals sector, we experienced strong growth in China and India in the period, as we continued to leverage our regional growth investments and benefit from the ongoing CRO outsourcing trend. We're encouraged by our early success in capturing preclinical opportunities, as well as the progress we continue to make in emerging markets. However, during the period, these advances did not completely offset continued soft demand for our pharmaceutical customers in the developed regions of the world, particularly related to our legacy products including our radioisotope portfolios. Let's turn now to Environmental Health, which represented 54% of total revenue in the quarter. Within Environmental Health, we served 3 end markets, laboratory services, which represented a 25% of total revenue; environmental and safety, which represented 20% of total revenue and industrial, which represented 9% of total revenue. Organic revenue in our lab services business grew low-single digits in the third quarter. As Rob mentioned earlier, we're seeing good traction in our informatics as we begin to be to leverage our broad-based OneSource relationships to increase the knowledge content we are bringing to our customers through our robust enterprise-wide software systems. Our traditional service offering was essentially flat in the period due primarily to difficult comparisons in our OneSource service offering as the business cycled up against a significant contract win in the prior year. Organic revenue in our environmental and safety markets grew low-teens in the third quarter as the expanding number of environmental and food safety applications continue to drive strong demand for our analytical instrumentation and follow-on consumables. We experienced another strong quarter of organic revenue growth from our inorganic analysis offering, since trace metals identification remains a critical component of contaminate protection for environmental, as well as food and consumer safety applications. Additionally, we experienced healthy growth in our molecular spectroscopy offering utilized primarily for material safety and quality applications. We believe these trends will continue as emerging contaminant testing protocols and corresponding regulations are developed, resulting in continued strong demand for a highly efficient, analytically sensitive and information-rich testing solutions. Lastly, organic revenue in our industrial markets grew mid-single digits in the third quarter. This industrial demand continues to be primarily associated with materials analysis, chemical processing and semiconductor applications supported by our molecular spectroscopy and chromatography platforms. Looking at our financial performance. Adjusted gross margins expanded 120 basis points due to productivity gains and the favorable impact of acquisitions. Adjusted operating profit margins expanded 45 basis points in the third quarter to 14.2%. In the quarter, we benefited from higher volume, productivity gains, particularly in G&A and lower corporate cost. This impact was offset by growth investments in R&D and our commercial infrastructure in emerging territories, as well as upfront costs related to new product launches, particularly within our Environmental Health segment. Year-to-date, during the third quarter of 2011, adjusted operating profit margins expanded approximately 90 basis points, as compared to the same period a year ago, representing the high end of our stated objective of adjusted operating profit margin expansion of between 75 to 100 basis points. In our Human Health segment, adjusted operating profit margins for the quarter were 19.5%, representing an increase of 20 basis points as compared to the third quarter of 2010. Favorable mix and productivity gains in Human Health were offset by growth investments initiated in the period. In our Environmental Health segment, adjusted operating profit margins were 12.2%, representing a decrease of 100 basis points as compared to the third quarter of 2010. Within this segment, we experienced strong volume leverage and productivity gains, offset by unfavorable mix between instruments and service, investments in commercial resources primarily in emerging markets, as well as incremental cost as mentioned previously related to new products. GAAP operating profit was $34.2 million in the third quarter of 2011 versus $41.4 million in the third quarter of 2010. As year-over-year decrease is primarily attributable to the impact of acquisitions we completed earlier in the year. These acquisitions resulted in a reduction in GAAP operating profits due to primarily to higher amortization of intangibles, as well as the purchase accounting adjustments related to the acquisition of CambridgeSoft. For the third quarter, we had a GAAP tax rate of 11.9%, and on a non-GAAP basis, our adjusted tax rate was 24.2%, which is favorable to our guidance communicated in August. This favorability is due primarily to a favorable distribution of income in the period. For the full year, we expect the adjusted tax rate to be approximately 25%. GAAP EPS from continuing operations in the third quarter of 2011 was $0.24 compared to $0.22 in the third quarter of 2010. Our adjusted EPS was $0.41 in the third quarter of 2011, up 32% from the prior year. Our weighted average diluted share count to the third quarter of 2011 was approximately 113.4 million shares and our ending share count was approximately 112 million -- 112.7 million shares. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the third quarter with approximately $260 million of net debt, which we define as short- and long-term debt minus cash. This reflects a decrease in net debt of approximately $16 million, as compared to the second quarter of 2011. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $248 million of cash. Looking at our cash flow performance for the quarter. Adjusted operating cash flow from continuing operations was $50 million, as compared to $37 million, up 35% year-over-year. Subsequent to the end of the third quarter, we issued and sold $500 million of 10-year senior unsecured notes due November 2021, having a coupon rate of 5%. These proceeds will be used to fund a portion of the Caliper Life Sciences acquisition and for general corporate purposes. As result, our fourth quarter outlook will reflect just over $5 million in additional interest expense. In summary, we are pleased with our financial performance for the quarter as we continue to drive strong growth in revenue, adjusted earnings per share and cash flow. Now I'd like to discuss our fourth quarter 2011 guidance. As we look at the fourth quarter of 2011, we are encouraged by the resilience of our portfolio. Most areas of our business continue to grow and experience healthy demand. While we are not ignoring the risk that could arise from the current global economic uncertainty, we firmly believe we are well positioned to deliver strong results in the fourth quarter. As a result, we are expecting our organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter to be similar to what we experienced in the third quarter, and we are maintaining our full year forecast or organic revenue growth to be in the mid single-digit range. We continue to expect adjusted operating profit margin expansion for the full year to be within the revised guidance range of 75 to 100 basis points, driven predominantly by volume leverage in our multiyear productivity initiatives. Regarding full year adjusted earnings per share for 2011, we are raising the bottom end of our estimate from a range of $1.64 to $1.68 to a new range of $1.66 to $1.68, representing growth of 25% to 26% over the prior year. Accordingly, we expect our fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.49 to $0.51. Including in -- Included in the fourth quarter outlook is approximately $0.03 per share of incremental interest expense, a benefit of approximately $0.01 per share due to a lower tax rate and a benefit of approximately $0.01 per share from the addition of Caliper Life Sciences. This concludes my prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to Dave.
David C. Francisco: Thanks, Andy. Operator, at this time, we'd like to call open the call for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  And your first question comes from the line of Ross Muken of Deutsche Bank.
Vijay Kumar: This is Vijay in for Ross. I guess, Rob, the first one is on the macro. Could you comment on some of the conversations that you've been having with your industrial supply customers, and specifically conversations you've been having in China?
Robert F. Friel: So specifically on the industrial customers, I would say what we're seeing in China is continued good demand, particularly when you look in Europe, I would say the southern parts of Europe are obviously much more significant headwinds than I would say central and north and in U.S., I would say again continue to be pretty good demand. So I think on the industrial side, with the exception of the southern part of Europe, we continue to be -- feel pretty good about the opportunities, particularly in the environmental area.
Vijay Kumar: I guess, digging in on the question [Audio Gap] when you talk to your customers, has the sort of tone changed in the 3 months prior to what it is now? Are people worried, I guess, about the macro and what other views and ...
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I mean, clearly, over the last 3 months, people have gotten more cautious. But I would say, we haven't seen a dramatic change in ordering patterns. I think people are, as I said, more cautious the about 2012. But I would say, at this point, again, particularly on the industrial side and the Environmental side, we're not seeing significant reductions in ordering.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard of Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard: A couple of questions. One, do you have any meaningful pieces of your business that build off of a backlog? And if so, how is the backlog trending?
Robert F. Friel: I would say some of the business, for example, medical imaging will be a business that has a much longer order cycle times, so they have a backlog. Some of the instruments, but to a large extent, most of it is book and bill in the current quarter. But specifically about the business, is that they do have a longer order, for example, medical imaging. Again, I would say that's holding up pretty well. And that's why I think we continue to feel that Q4 will look a lot like Q3. Of course, keep in mind, when we went into the back half, we mentioned the fact that there's much difficult -- or much more difficult comparisons. Because if you look at Q3 and Q4 last year for 2010, one was up 10%, and one was up 9% organically.
Daniel L. Leonard: Okay. And if you look at -- well, Caliper's results today exceeded at least what the Street was looking for previously. So did that -- are you still sticking with the $0.08 accretion estimate for 2012 or did anything in their resolve to cause you to think differently about that?
Robert F. Friel: No. I think we still believe that $0.08 accretion in 2012 is the right number.
Daniel L. Leonard: And then my final question on capital deployment. It looks like you're going to be up, getting closer to the 3x debt-to-EBITDA range after Caliper. Do you have comfort to go higher than that? Or what sort of your -- the ceiling on where you get ...
Robert F. Friel: And I would say, it's probably driven at this point more by the management bandwidth. And I think with the combination of the Caliper acquisition and of course, a number of informatics acquisitions that we've done in the past couple of quarters that I wouldn't expect significant acquisitions done here, and I think the focus will be more on sort of deleveraging the balance sheet and getting the acquisitions that we've made over the last couple of quarters well integrated and running well within PerkinElmer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quintin Lai of Robert W. Baird.
Quintin J. Lai: Andy, appreciate you giving that additional color on kind of the end markets and you're feeling that you're still -- you feel pretty good about growing, even if the end markets kind of softened. Could you kind of compare and contrast where your portfolio stands now versus like 2008 when you had the lighting business, for example, and maybe some other businesses that were more cyclical in nature?
Frank A. Wilson: I wasn't here in 2008, so I'll let Rob answer that question. But there are a number of differences now in the portfolio but...
Robert F. Friel: Quintin, so I would say it's not only, I would say, end markets. As you point out, we don't have the lightings, we don't have the sensor businesses. The acquisitions we've made, I think, put us in a more resilient markets. I would say it's also we've seen a shift more into developing. So as I mentioned, 25% of our revenue now sits in developing, and that's a significant increase over 2008. Also, we've seen a bigger increase in the sort of consumable reagents and software aspects of the businesses. So the capital component of our business is much less. So I think it's a combination of factors that leads us to believe that we feel good about the resiliency in a difficult economic situation. I would say the other aspect of it is when you look at the revenue split between sort of capital and consumables and reagents and informatics, it's probably about 60-40. However, when you look at the profitability, it's more like 75-25. So as you can imagine, our consumable reagents and software businesses are much more profitable. So again, I think this -- and again, that's a change over 2008. So I think it continues to have sort to be supported by strong financial results even though macroeconomic conditions are challenging right now.
Quintin J. Lai: And then, as we look out, not just organic revenue growth but leverage, especially dropping down to the bottom line. In the event that we do see a slowdown, could you kind of talk about potentially what other levers you could maybe pull or accelerate to help drive bottom line growth?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I mean I think that would be a choice we could make, because what we have is obviously very strong gross margins. And we've been fairly aggressively investing both on the R&D. I think you saw that R&D stepped up fairly significantly here in third quarter, and we continue to build out our infrastructure in emerging markets. So I think one lever would be, not necessarily would be our first preference, but would be to sort of to slowdown in some of our growth investments, which as you can see, particularly in this quarter as we've been sort of stepping up here to continue to build out the growth profile of the company.
Frank A. Wilson: And Quintin, I think as we look out to 2012, we obviously won't talk about '12 until January. But as we have the businesses start to look at different scenarios, they are putting together different outlooks and how they would react to those from an investment perspective and so forth. So I think as we report our results for the fourth quarter and talk about our outlook for the first quarter or for 2012, I think we'll be able to share more detail with you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Lawson from Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson: Just wondered if you could talk to the pharma decline you are seeing. If you could add some kind of granularity around that, where you're seeing weakness?
Robert F. Friel: I would say in the research market and you saw that we were down low-single digits. In academia, we were sort of flattish, and pharma was down sort of mid-single digits. So we are seeing, almost across the developed markets, a pull back from the pharmaceutical R&D, continue to see growth in Asia, both in Europe and in the U.S. We are seeing declines in the pharmaceutical side. I think that's one of the things we hope we'll be able to improve with the Caliper acquisition because I think they bring some great technology and products, particularly around that area that will give us much stronger capabilities, particularly in the imaging side because when you look in the pharmaceuticals, we continue to grow in the imaging side and we think that's an opportunity for us. And of course, a number of the areas that they're focused on continue to see good growth. But clearly, in the pharmaceutical area in the quarter, we saw a lot of declining revenue.
Peter Lawson: What was the biggest area of weakness in the quarter? What are the expectations for those markets in Q4?
Robert F. Friel: Well I would say, first of all, almost every quarter we go into, we're facing declines in the radiochemical area. So the reagents around the radiochemical side, I think are -- because as people want to use less and less of radioisotopes in their experimentation. So that continues to be in the sort of mid- to high-single-digit declines. And so, again, Caliper helps to sort of balance that natural decline in that business. So I would say, those are the areas -- that's the area we probably saw the biggest decline. Offset to some extent by the imaging, which we saw a good growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tony Butler, Barclays Capital.
Charles Anthony Butler: Rob, just if you could comment on Environmental Health. The sequential growth you had has been really, really strong, and even if I take it back to last year, really a slowdown in this quarter relative to what you've been able to do in past quarters. Could you -- As I highlight that, could you give some greater color to what's really driving that slowdown?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think some of that was -- we indicated at the end of second quarter that we're going to cycle up again against a difficult comparison. The environmental group in the third quarter of 2010 grew in the mid-teens. And so, I think that was part of it. I think also on the service side, we are cycling up against some very significant wins in Q2 and Q3 of last year. So I would say that's the fundamental reason that you saw sequential declines on the Environmental side. But within the businesses themselves, we see -- we continue to see good demand particularly around the new products and in the organics. And of course, the informatics business performed very well in the quarter. So I would attribute it to more of -- more difficult comparisons as compared to anything that we're seeing from a demand perspective. Having said that, clearly, going back to the, I think, the first question that you asked, the customers are being a little bit more cautious given the macroeconomic environment.
Charles Anthony Butler: I appreciate that. But in Q2, you did have some pretty tough compares as well but you tended to pull out 9% organic, and that look really attractive. So it just seemed despite the tough compare, it was a little more pressure.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I would say on the margin, there is -- in Q2, we had some new product rollouts that provided us a little bit of a benefit there. But again, Environmental Health was still pretty strong.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Knight, CLSA. Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Rob, the Q4 guidance, I guess, it's suggesting low single-digit organic, is that right?
Frank A. Wilson: No. I think I had indicated that it was going to be consistent with the third quarter.
Robert F. Friel: We're sort of seeing the 4% to 5% range, I think is what we're seeing from an organic perspective for Q4. Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Okay. And then, can you add any color around that regarding geography, U.S., Europe, and then I guess emerging market?
Robert F. Friel: Our sense right now is it's probably going to look somewhat similar to what you're seeing in this quarter with Europe being low single and then the U.S. being mid and probably continuing to see stronger growth in Asia. This year it was -- this quarter it was high single. It's been sort of either high single or low double the last number of quarters. And so I think the geographic split is going to -- continue to look very similar in Q4 as it's been in Q3. Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division And then lastly on the China market, how is the development of the business going there, Rob?
Robert F. Friel: It continues to go very strong. China again was north of 20% growth. And I would say it's fairly pervasive across almost all our businesses whether it's the Environmental side, the diagnostic side and even within the bio-discovery or the research side, which is a relatively small piece for us, we continue to see good traction there.
Frank A. Wilson: And Paul, as we mentioned earlier, part of the expansion we're seeing, some of the investment we're seeing on the Environmental Health side is really around selling resources in China. So we expect that to continue to grow at above company rates.
Robert F. Friel: I mean, one of the significant opportunities we hope to achieve in 2012 is both the informatics businesses that we acquired as well as Caliper did not have a very strong infrastructure. I would say in emerging markets generally speaking, but specifically in China. So we think we can really make some inroads there with bringing new technologies and products through our channel. Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division I don't follow Caliper anymore but between Caliper and your research products businesses, are you seeing the -- any increase or any change in translational research validating gene function, et cetera, following all the human genome work that's occurred?
Robert F. Friel: Well, as you know, we haven't actually combined the businesses yet because we haven't closed. But I think when you look at some of the exciting technology innovations that Caliper has been working on, I think there'll be a tremendous opportunity to expand or improve medicine, particularly combining with some of the things we do both on the research side as well as the diagnostic side. So I really think combined, we can really make a significant difference in improving both diagnostics as well as therapeutics.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Wood of Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard: This is Brandon Couillard in for Jon tonight. Andy, the corporate overhead expense component fell pretty sharply in the period. Is there something unusual going on there in the quarter?
Frank A. Wilson: It's primarily related to compensation that's tied to the stock price, and the stock price unfortunately over that time frame was down. And I think if you look at the fourth quarter or you start to look at forecasting the fourth quarter, it will probably return to more normalized levels. We expect it to and hopefully the stock price will as well. But the more normalized levels that you saw in the first and second quarter.
Robert F. Friel: As you can imagine, a lot of the senior managers' compensation is tied to the performance of the stock price. And so when we see the type of decline in stock price that we experienced in Q3, it can dramatically impact our compensation.
S. Brandon Couillard: Okay, that's helpful. And then, Andy, back on the environmental incremental OP margins in the period, I mean should we anticipate that, that phenomenon persist into the fourth quarter and...
Frank A. Wilson: No. I think you're going to see operating margin expansion in reasonable incremental flow-through in the fourth quarter. I think a lot of the heavy-lifting investment was done in the third quarter.
S. Brandon Couillard: Okay. So that was the second part of my question, if you could give us some sense of the impact between mix and the commercial investments you are undertaking.
Frank A. Wilson: I would say, of the decline, about 2/3 of it was investment. And the mix would be the other third.
S. Brandon Couillard: Okay, that's helpful. And then lastly, Rob, you quantified the exposure to European government and academic end markets. Can you expand on that and talk about the U.S. and maybe your aggregate footprint in that?
Robert F. Friel: So the U.S. is a little higher than that, but of course, when we talk about government exposure, a large portion of our exposure is our newborn screening, which is state funding. And quite frankly, as long as I've been here, we've never seen a decrease in newborn screening coming out of the states. And normally when there's pressure on the state funding, it has a tendency to suppress growth, but not necessarily result in decline. And again in the fourth quarter -- I mean in third quarter, we saw growth in the newborn screening businesses in the U.S. So while the number is probably closer to 10% in the U.S., again, it is distorted by the newborn screening business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs.
Jeff Ares: This is actually Jeff in for Isaac. Looking at gross margins and understanding the stuff you guys talked about so far, I mean, it's the highest gross margin quarter you guys have had in a while. How should we look with the sustainability of this going forward? How much of it was mix versus volume?
Frank A. Wilson: Well, adjusted gross margins for the quarter were up 120 basis points, and about half of that was acquisition-related and that will obviously continue. These acquisitions we brought out have higher gross margins. But the other was really productivity, and that should be sustainable. Certainly -- maybe not at the 100-plus basis points year-over-year but somewhere in that range. So I would say as you look into the fourth quarter, we should see sequential and year-over-year gross margin improvement.
Robert F. Friel: I mean, one of the things we're seeing with some of the acquisitions we've made is they have a tendency to be higher growth, higher gross margin and higher R&D. And so what you saw in this quarter is the beginning of some of the impact of that where you so higher gross margins and higher R&D. We actually think that's a favorable improvement to the P&L.
Jeff Ares: Going back from the questions you guys had, touched on the pharma segment. If you x out the radioisotope declines, did you see growth from your pharma customers overall?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I mean, I haven't done that calculation, to tell you the truth. But -- yes, I would say, probably pulling out the radiochemical business, we probably would have seen growth.
Jeff Ares: Okay. And then -- well, lastly on Europe, can you give a little bit more color in terms of where in Europe, not necessarily geography, geographically for the weakness but from a product line basis, was it more in diagnostics or research or...
Robert F. Friel: It was clearly more in research. Diagnostics grew in Europe and the Environmental business grew in Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby: Last quarter, you said that you expect Human Health to remain or either grow into the mid-single digits for growth in the fourth quarter. Is that still accurate based on the comps that you guys are facing?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I would say, I think, we're going to see improvement in the Human Health in the fourth quarter, as compared to what we've seen historically. Well, I mean, a lot of that will be dependent on what happens within the research markets, but I think we're clearly seeing some recovery in diagnostics. I think you saw that in the third quarter. And so it's really a question of the improvements on the research side. And of course, we do expect to get some contribution from Caliper.
Steve Willoughby: And then secondly, on the radiochemicals business, how much would you estimate that represents of your total revenue these days?
Robert F. Friel: It's about $100 million in total for the company.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And then final question, given the CambridgeSoft contracts, I know they're a little bit more skewed towards the fourth quarter. What's a good number for acquisition revenue that you're expecting in the fourth quarter?
Frank A. Wilson: For total acquisition revenue, it's going to be around $27 million. Pre-Caliper, right. I'm sorry, that was pre-Caliper just to be clear.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg of Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg: So just maybe a quick follow-up on the other one. Do you -- I'm just trying to understand the revenue line and some of the adjustments that you made a little bit. I'm just trying to understand from an acquisition standpoint, some of those acquisitions you made, I'm trying to understand how they performs. So if I'm reading it right kind of in your release how you talked about the reported revenue and some of the acquisition you're adjusting for some of these purchase accounting issues. So what was the -- on an adjusted basis, what was the acquisition contribution in revenues for third quarter?
Frank A. Wilson: Just over $20 million.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Okay. So there's no deterioration there in those businesses that you acquired?
Frank A. Wilson: No. And from a profitability standpoint, they were just under company average margins.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Okay. Yes, the initial 2% makes it look like there was some kind of severe deterioration but I just wanted to make sure, okay. And then -- I'm sorry, I don't know if you're going to say something else?
Frank A. Wilson: No.
Jonathan P. Groberg: Okay. And then Rob, obviously, a lot of people have hit on the macro quite a bit. But kind of what can we expect in -- as we move throughout this year in 2012 from a new product standpoint? At times that's an important driver whether or not you're able to sustain some of the growth as I think you mentioned earlier on the call. So where are we in terms of kind of some of the -- what you expect coming out of the product pipeline?
Robert F. Friel: Well, you've seen a little bit of an increase in R&D, and I think that's focused around getting more new products into the pipeline. I think what you saw in 2011 was some really terrific products coming out in the Environmental side. And as we go into 2012, our expectation is to see some good products coming out of the, hopefully both, but probably geared toward the Human Health side as compared to the Environmental side.
Operator: And there are no further questions in the queue. I'll now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Robert F. Friel.
Robert F. Friel: So first of all, thank you for all your questions. Let me say, in closing, we feel good about our portfolio and our continued ability to invest in key growth areas that will create long-term value, while also driving our multiyear productivity initiative. Our approach will be to balance investments in long-term growth, combined with our continued pursuit for operational excellence as we continue to play a critical role in creating better outcomes that help to improve the health and safety of people and the environment. Thank you for joining us today and have a terrific day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kathy, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today's call, Mr. David Francisco, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
David Francisco: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to the PerkinElmer Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors Section of our website at perkinelmer.com or from our toll-free investor hotline at 1-877-PKI-NYSE.  Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until August 18, 2011. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that weve outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent that we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I am now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel.
Robert Friel: Thanks, Dave. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to report another very good quarter for PerkinElmer. From a financial perspective, we continued to deliver strong results, exceeding our guidance on both the top and bottom line. Revenue grew 14%, our fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. And adjusted EPS grew 27%. We're particularly pleased with the growth year-over-year, as we had some difficult comparisons given the very strong quarter we had in Q2 last year. In addition to the strong financial results, in the second quarter, we continued to expand the capabilities of the company and invest to improve our growth profile through acquisitions, as well as internal investments in R&D. In the second quarter, we further expanded our presence in emerging markets, such as China, the Middle East and Africa with targeted applications. In particular, we made good progress with the launch of our new high-sensitivity kits for hepatitis and sexually transmitted diseases in China, and experienced strong demand in the Middle East to meet the rising need for better newborn screening capabilities, including a large installation in Saudi Arabia, which follows our major installation in Cairo earlier this year. In addition, we obtained our first sickle cell anemia screening orders in Africa, a region with high-incidence levels, to provide earlier diagnosis for management of this disease. We also launched a series of innovations within our market-leading inorganic analysis portfolio, targeted at helping customers ensure safer order, food and pharmaceuticals. The label-free EnSpire plate reader, which we introduced last quarter, continues to experience strong receptivity, as scientists look to improve the discovery of potential new therapeutic targets. Our OneSource Laboratory Service business continues to experience good growth and is gaining traction expanding outside of its traditional pharmaceutical base, evidenced by the recent addition of a significant new account in environmental testing. During the quarter, we were able to further expand PerkinElmer's current Medical Imaging portfolio with the acquisition of Dexela, providing customers with high-speed, high-resolution CMOS technology. This technology is complementary to our amorphous silicon-based technology in key areas, such as surgery, dental, cardiology and mammography. And as the only provider of both amorphous silicon and CMOS capabilities, we can now provide the technology that best fits our customers' specific applications. As I mentioned last quarter, the growing challenge for customers is managing and interpreting large amounts of data. A key area of focus for us is helping customers overcome these data challenges by providing enterprise-wide knowledge solutions. During the second quarter, we continued to expand our capabilities in the area of informatics, with the addition of Labtronics, which uniquely positions us to deploying Electronic Laboratory Notebook solution across our global customers' entire value chain, from research to manufacturing. Combined with our service and instrument capabilities, we are increasing our ability to closely collaborate and partner with our customers across a broad set of laboratory note needs in order to generate higher-value solutions. Before I turn the call over to Andy, who will discuss our financial results in more detail, I wanted to give you a perspective on what we are experiencing in our end markets in the second quarter and the environment we are basing our second our forecast on. Starting first with the Environmental Health end markets, we again experienced broad-based growth during the second quarter, driven by continued focus on food safety and investments in environmental testing, particularly in developing countries. In addition, the materials and chemical markets were strong. As we look to the second half of 2011, the recently released macroeconomic statistics are concerning and suggest we may continue to experience uneven economic growth. However, we believe that the environmental and food safety end markets will continue to grow, despite the challenging economic conditions due to the high priority being placed on these critical needs, particularly in emerging markets. In addition, given the recently introduced new products and strong traction in service, we expect our demand profile to remain similar to the first half. But organic growth could moderate a bit due to more difficult comparisons, resulting in mid-single digit organic growth. In Human Health, the businesses are much less impacted by overall GDP growth and more tied to specific factors like birth rates and pharma R&D spending. During the first half of this year, birth rates in the U.S. continued to decline slightly, putting pressure on our Screening business. Medical Imaging experienced good growth on both Diagnostics and our newer applications. Our Research business grew in the second quarter, largely from new products introduced and good traction in academia, where we have historically been underrepresented. For the second half, we expect growth to gradually improve in Diagnostics as U.S. birth rates stabilize, and we continue to expand programs outside the U.S. Within our Medical Imaging business, we expect growth from newer applications in markets to offset the impact of more modest growth in our traditional diagnostic applications, which are cycling up against difficult comparables in the prior year. Lastly, in our Research business, we believe our organic growth will be in the mid-single digits, as we continue to migrate our portfolio to higher growth areas and benefit from the increasing expenditures in emerging territories. Accordingly, we are forecasting for organic revenue growth to be in the mid-single-digit range for the second half as well as the third quarter, and expect growth to be more consistent across our Human and Environmental Health segments as we progress through the back half. While we are maintaining a cautious outlook regarding the global economic recovery and the corresponding impact to our served markets, we remain confident in our ability to grow the top line and continue to drive operator margin improvement. As a result, we are raising our estimate for full-year adjusted earnings per share for 2011 to the range of $1.64 to $1.68, representing growth of 23% to 26% over the prior year. Additionally, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the third quarter to be in the range of $0.37 to $0.39, representing growth of 19% to 26% as compared to the third quarter of 2010. Let me now turn the call over to Andy, who will discuss our end market and financial performance in greater detail.
Frank Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll now provide some additional details on our second quarter results. And following our prepared remarks, we'll open it up for questions. Before moving into the financial details, I'd like to clarify that whenever I talk about a particular measure being up or down, I'm referring to an increase or decrease that's measured in the second quarter of 2011 compared to the second quarter of 2010. As Rob just discussed, we were pleased to deliver another strong quarter of revenue and adjusted EPS growth, particularly considering the difficult comparisons from the second quarter of 2010. Revenue for the second quarter increased by 14%, and organic revenue increased by 6% as compared to the same period last year. By segment, organic revenue increased by 2% and 9% in Human Health and Environmental Health segments, respectively. All major geographies contributed to our organic revenue growth, with the Americas and Europe growing at a low single-digit rate and Asia growing high teens. We also continue to successfully leverage our investments in emerging markets, enabling us to generate another strong quarter of double-digit growth in these key regions. From an end-market perspective, PerkinElmer's Human Health segment represented 46% of total revenue in the quarter. Within Human Health, we served 2 end markets: Diagnostics, which represented 28% of total revenue; and research, representing 18% of total revenue. Organic revenue from our Diagnostics business grew at a low single-digit rate in the second quarter, with solid growth generated from our Medical Imaging business, offset by a modest decline in our Screening business. Organic revenue in our Medical Imaging business grew at a high single-digit rate in the quarter, despite cycling up against the difficult comparison from the prior year. Solid demand generated from our base medical diagnostics offering, coupled with our continued momentum from industrial and veterinary applications drove our performance in the period. Additionally, as Rob mentioned, the acquisition of Dexela brings complementary imaging technology to further expand our addressable market and diversifies our customer base. In our Screening business, demand remained strong within the emerging territories, including China, India and South America, as we further broadened our penetration into these key regions with our neonatal and infectious disease screening solutions. This growth was offset by revenue softness within North America, driven primarily by the continued impact of declines in U.S. birth rates and the favorable timing of certain instrument replacements in the first quarter. Organic revenue for our Screening business grew in the low-single digits for the first half of 2011, consistent with our expectations. Organic revenue in our Research business grew at a mid-single-digit rate in the second quarter, as we continued to experience strong demand from the academic sector across a broad set of technologies within our research portfolio. We saw a good growth for our Operetta cellular imaging systems, JANUS Automation tools, as well as our EnVision and EnSpire multimode plate readers. This broad-based demands illustrate the increasing value that we were able to bring to our academic customers with our highly efficient and integrated instruments, as well as reagents to help them solve their most critical research needs. We are encouraged by some early indicators of positive trends in the pharmaceutical sector. Specifically, we're experiencing strong growth in Asia, as we capture demand from internal pharmaceutical research migrating to lower-cost regions or being outsourced to CROs. Additionally, we're seeing the initial benefits from our customers' investments in preclinical research with solid demand for our in vivo imaging technology to better understand the disease mechanisms and therapeutic responses. We expect these trends to persist, providing opportunity to offset ongoing challenges in our legacy product offerings, particularly our radioactive chemical [ph] portfolio. Let's turn now to Environmental Health, which represented 54% of our total revenue in the second quarter. Within Environmental Health, we served 3 end markets: Laboratory services, which represented 25% of total revenue; environmental and safety, which represented 20% of total revenue; and industrial, which represented 9% of total revenue. Organic revenue in our Life Services business grew in the low single-digit range in the second quarter. Within service, our OneSource business posted strong top line growth, but moderate from prior quarters as we cycled up against the large contract win from the second quarter of 2010. Organic revenue in environmental and safety markets grew mid-teens in the second quarter as investments in critical environmental and food safety applications drove strong demand for our analytical instrumentation. As Rob mentioned, we have a full suite of new products across our inorganic analysis portfolio to detect trace metal contaminants, such as lead, cadmium, arsenic and mercury, primarily in water, soil and food. The lost of the Pinnacle, AA, the Optima ICP 800 and the NexION ICP-MS further expanded our leadership position in these key technologies with highly efficient, easy-to-use instrumentation for detecting some of the most widespread contaminants globally. Lastly, organic growth in our industrial markets grew to low-double digits in the second quarter. The strong demand from the Industrial segment continues to be mostly related to the characterization of materials, chemical processing and imaging -- or energy applications supported by our molecular spectroscopy and chromatography platforms. Looking at our financial performance, adjusted operating profit margins expanded 80 basis points in the second quarter to 14.1%. In the quarter, we benefited from solid incremental flow-through on higher sales, strong gains on productivity initiatives as well as a minor benefit from the flow-through from foreign exchange, given the significant fluctuation year-over-year. For the first half of 2011, adjusted operating profit margins expanded 120 basis points as compared to the first half of 2010. In our Human Health segment, adjusted operating profit margins for the quarter were 19.8%, representing a decrease of 70 basis points as compared to the same period a year ago. Productivity gains in Human Health were offset by unfavorable product mix due to a high percentage of instrument placements as well as growth investments deployed in the quarter. In our Environmental Health segment, adjusted operating profit margins were 13.4%, representing an increase of 240 basis points as compared to the second quarter of 2010. Within this segment, we experienced healthy volume leverage, the benefit of new products and solid productivity gains. GAAP operating income from continuing operations was $37.5 million in the second quarter of 2011 versus the $33.2 million in the second quarter 2010. For the second quarter, we had a GAAP tax rate of 16%. And in on a non-GAAP basis, our just adjusted tax rate was 25%, which is favorable to our guidance communicated in April. This favorability is due primarily to a favorable distribution of income in the period. And for the full year, we expect the adjusted tax rate to be approximately 26%. GAAP EPS from continuing operations in the second quarter of 2011 was $0.25 compared to $0.40 in the second quarter of 2010. And in the second quarter of 2010, as a reminder, other income included a pretax gain of $25.6 million or $0.21 per share related to the purchase of the remaining interest in the SCIEX joint venture. Our adjusted EPS was $0.42 in the second quarter of 2011, up 27% from the prior year. Our weighted average diluted share count for the second quarter of 2011 was 113.6 million shares, and our ending share count was approximately 112.7 million. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the second quarter with approximately $276 million of net debt, which we defined as short- and long-term debt minus cash. This reflects an increase in net debt of approximately $176 million as compared to the first quarter of 2011, resulting primarily from payments for acquisitions completed during the period. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $395 million of cash. Looking at our cash flow performance in the quarter, operating cash flow from continuing operations was $54.9 million as compared to $62.8 million in the second quarter of 2010. For the first half of 2011, adjusted operating cash flow, adjusted for the impact of -- the tax impacts associated with the sale of IDS, was $110.8 million. Free cash flow, which we defined as adjusted operating cash flow less capital expenditures, was $94.8 million, representing 108% of adjusted income. In summary, we're pleased with our financial performance for the quarter, as we continued to drive strong revenue and adjusted EPS growth. Now like to discuss our third quarter and full-year 2011 guidance. As Rob mentioned earlier, we're maintaining our full-year forecast for organic revenue growth to be in the mid-single digit range and mid-single digits for the third quarter as well. We expect adjusted operating profit margin expansion to be at the high end of the range of our annual objective of 75 to 100 basis points for 2011, driven predominately by volume leverage and our multiyear productivity initiatives. Regarding full-year adjusted earnings per share for 2011, we are raising our estimates to the range of $1.64 to $1.68, representing growth at 23% to 26% over the prior year. And regarding the third quarter, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the $0.37 to $0.39 range, representing growth of 19% to 26% as compared to the third quarter of 2010. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'd now like to turn the back over to Dave.
David Francisco: Thanks, Andy. Operator, at this time we'd like to open up call for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Quintin Lai of Robert W. Baird.
Quintin Lai: Rob, you said 3 words that we haven't heard a lot this earnings season, strong academic markets. Others have seen little weakness. You sound a little different. I mean, first, could you remind us what your exposure is on the academic, Rob, and maybe U.S. academic? And then, why are you seeing the demand for the products that you are?
Robert Friel: Yes. So academic exposure for us is probably less than 5%. We talked about this in the past. It's one of the reasons why -- when the stimulus spending a couple of years ago, we didn't see a significant benefit from that. So consequently, we're less impacted. As I sort of mentioned before, I think historically, we've been underrepresented in the academic area of research because a lot of our products were more tailored to pharma and biotech. It was a strategy, probably about 12 months ago that we started to adjust some of our product portfolio to do better in academic markets. And so, we're getting some of the benefit of that. So I still think spending is probably flat to maybe up a little bit across academia. I think we're just seeing a little bit of growth relative to, as I said, we're fairly up, underrepresented in that area. So I'm not suggesting that the market is growing much. I think it's a question of we're probably doing a little bit better.
Quintin Lai: And then, with respect to your kind of outlook on the Environmental Health. Could you maybe talk a little bit about how spending was through the end of June and maybe through July? Because -- are you seeing signs of just tougher comps or maybe a little bit more of a slower growth outside of the...
Robert Friel: I think you got to look at it region by region. I think in Asia, we continue to see good growth there. I don't know that we're seeing much moderation, particularly in the emerging areas. I think Europe clearly has slowed. For us, Europe was, as Andy mentioned, was sort of low-single digits, but we continue to see good strength in Asia. I think while that was true across the entire company, that's specifically on the environmental side. But having said that, there's continued demand within both the environmental and the food and consumer areas. I mean, you continue to see, whether its regulations or EPA putting out the list of chemicals of concern or the China 5-year plan, including directives and procedures targeting at reducing and monitoring water pollution, the U.K. government laying out specific air quality targets. Of course, you've got the U.S. Food Safety Modernization Act. So you continue to see a lot of focus and emphasis in this area. And that's why I sort of said in my prepared remarks, while clearly, we think it's going to be a challenging economic environment, particularly, and I said sort of uneven growth, I do think there is a high priority being placed on this area. So we're still fairly optimistic that we'll continue to see growth in the broader environmental health arena because of the things I mentioned before.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro: Rob, I know this is a very uncertain environment that we're in here, but I'm wondering if you could maybe go back to the late '08 and '09 periods and provide some commentary if you compare that timeframe to now and how you think your outlook and visibility might be -- might be similar or different? I think it's certainly hard to call us with any specifics where we're going in the economy, but thoughts on how do you see some parallels and differences would be helpful.
Robert Friel: Yes. So if you look at our performance sort of from '08 to '09, we were down sort of low-single digits from a top line perspective. And of course, back then, we had IDS, relating in Sensor business, which is we call that -- it was a little bit more cyclical and more sensitive, I would say, the downturn in the economy. And as I think about the portfolio of businesses now without IDS and, of course, a higher percentage of service, and I would say the software businesses, I think we will, similar in what we were in '08, '09, continue to be very resilient even if we see a more difficult economic environment and even if we dip into another recession. So I guess I feel pretty good about our position from a portfolio of the end markets we operate in, as well as the position of PerkinElmer within those end markets. So that's why even though it's a challenging macroeconomic environment, we're still talking about mid-single growth, and we're taking our guidance up.
Isaac Ro: And just one other item, Andy, on the numbers. Could you maybe just walk us through how we should expect the impact of acquisitions relative to the numbers on revenue for the rest of the year, just given some of the contracts you had lined up to there through 2011?
Frank Wilson: Yes. For all the acquisitions until we have said $35 million, I think, in the last time we talked, and that's -- we're just under $20 million in the second quarter right about that in the third quarter and then the balance will be in the fourth quarter. So we'll see somewhat of a linear ramp through the year. And all through the full year released around $75 million. And then on the profit side, the majority of the profits will be recognized in the fourth quarter, and that's primarily due to CambridgeSoft, which we talked about last quarter.
Isaac Ro: And if I could squeeze in last one, Rob. You guys commented briefly on your new customers in the OneSource business. Can you just put a little more color around what you meant by that?
Robert Friel: What I talked about was more specifically that we're seeing growth outside of our traditional base, which is the pharmaceutical companies, and I just spoke in particular a big contract that we got in the environmental testing area. So while we do continue to get customers, probably more important is we're broadening out the addressable market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg of Macquarie.
Jonathan Groberg: So first question was on the Research business. Andy, you were probably trying to talk slower than normal but still talking pretty fast. And I thought you said high single-digit growth in Research business, but then I think afterwards I thought I heard something like mid-single digits. So I don't know I had -- I was just trying to understand exactly, if you could give a bit more detail on how the research markets overall grew for you, guys?
Frank Wilson: I appreciate the feedback. I'll get slower each quarter, but at mid-single digit is what I said in my prepared remarks for the Research business.
Jonathan Groberg: So okay, for the second quarter?
Frank Wilson: Second quarter, yes.
Jonathan Groberg: And you said most of that was good growth in Asia, right? And Europe and U.S. and Research, how are those?
Robert Friel: I know where I would think about Research. It was driven by Asia and was also driven by academic as compared to pharma and biotech.
Jonathan Groberg: And if you split up? The Asia was, I'm assuming, was more pharma-oriented than academic, and U.S. is maybe more academic?
Robert Friel: Yes, that's correct.
Jonathan Groberg: And Europe, overall, was kind of sluggish?
Robert Friel: Yes, I think Europe was sort of flattish for us.
Frank Wilson: It was up slightly, yes.
Jonathan Groberg: And then the second question, Rob, what are you doing and what plan I guess are you putting in place from an expense standpoint, from a CapEx standpoint, maybe what you're thinking about doing for the second half of the year, just given the macro signs that you said you're starting to see and the markets is kind of telling us? But maybe the markets have been wrong before, maybe things are going to get tougher. So I was just curious what you, yourselves, are doing there?
Robert Friel: Well, I think generally we're trying to be sort of prudent with how we expend, whether it's expenses or capital. But we continue to see growth in the mid-single digits. So while I'll say we're being cautious with, I would say, significant investments, we're continuing to spend money in R&D and building out infrastructure, particularly in the emerging markets. So I think it will be prudent, but I would say we're not, at this point, at the level we were is sort of late '08.
Jonathan Groberg: So you have no plans today to proactively stop some spending that you're previously going to do for the balance of the year?
Robert Friel: Yes, I would say we haven't stopped anything right now that we planned in the second quarter.
Jonathan Groberg: And just a follow-up. What would you -- would it be just kind of seeing your revenues fall off that would get you to kind of change that? Is that what you're looking for to actually starting to see some decline in terms of...
Robert Friel: Probably, orders and bookings, if we saw -- and of course, it's hard to characterize across the entire company because within various markets or with various businesses, we may see some slowdown and, therefore, we'll be responsive to that. But that's really up to the sort of individual business leaders to monitor that. But I would say across the corporation, we do not have any overall plans to curtail our expenditures or capital.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Arias of UBS.
Daniel Arias: Rob, just sort of following up on the last question. Is there any change in the way that you're viewing the use of cash or the preservation of cash, just given the current level of macro uncertainty?
Robert Friel: No, I think it's still consistent with what we've done historically, which is we look at acquisitions and then we also look at buying our stock. As I'm sure everybody is painfully aware, our stocks are a lot cheaper today than it was 7 or 8 days ago. So I think that's -- if there's a difference, it's only that perspective is that probably buying back PerkinElmer stock is a lot more attractive than it is now than it was 2 weeks ago. But I think we look at both, and we look at the financial returns and consider the risk aspects of both of those investments. And in fact, if you look back 2 years, I think the split is about 60% of the cash we generated through operations, and asset sales was invested back in acquisitions and about 40% was return to shareholders through share buybacks.
Daniel Arias: And then can you just talk about the Signature Genomics business? I know there's been some publications that lay out best practices for labs doing postnatal testing. Can you just talk about trends and market growth there with that business?
Robert Friel: I think Signature Genomics is a business where we invested into -- continue to expand our capabilities into the chromosomal analysis side. I think we continue to see good progress on the OncoChip and getting that out into the marketplace. I would say the area that's been somewhat difficult is the -- I would say, the ramp up in the reimbursement of that product has probably gone a little slower than we would have originally anticipated.
Daniel Arias: And then just quickly, Andy, are we able to get a currency impact forecast for the full year?
Frank Wilson: Well, sure. We were -- it was 6% tailwind in the second quarter. We expected to be 4% in the third and probably around 3% in the fourth. So hopefully, that's what you need.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Lawson of Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson: Rob, what's your total government spending exposure and which parts do you think would be insulated from any cuts?
Robert Friel: Well, when we start talking about total government, I guess, we need to sort of separate that in a couple of categories. I talked earlier about our exposure to academia, which was really in the Research area. And when you look at the U.S. aspect to that, we think that's something less than 5%. When we started expanding it to all governments and you get into newborn screening which, of course, in most cases, in the U.S., the newborn screening testing is reimbursed by state governments. And of course, when you get into outside the U.S., a lot of what we do in the screening area is paid ultimately by the government in the various countries. So I guess, if you're just talking about total governments across everything that we do, it's probably 20%, 25% of our revenue.
Peter Lawson: And then, the other trend other than academia you seem to buck was the instrument placements, strong instrument placements in Human Health? What industry was that in? And is there an annuity stream attached to that?
Robert Friel: Yes, I mean, historically that's been the case. So while we are disappointed from a gross margin perspective because of the mix issue with insurance being a little lower and gross margins, in the long term, we think it bodes positive for the business because, as you said, a lot of the instruments we placed have a revenue stream associated with that. Quite frankly, the instrument growth that we saw was both in academia, pharma, biotech and on the diagnostics side as well. So if you look within the Screening business, we saw good placement of instruments and, again hopefully, that bodes well for the future as it usually does carry with a good annuity stream on the consumable and reagent side.
Peter Lawson: For the second half organic growth number, if you -- is there anything in there where you're looking for an acceleration or improvement in particular end markets?
Robert Friel: I would say that one area that I would spike out and probably slight improvement on the Screening side, as I mentioned before. I think we are expected to see a little stabilization in birth rates. And hopefully, we continue to get good traction outside the U.S. So I think we're expecting Screening to improve a little bit, Research to sort of be consistent with what it was in the second quarter, and probably, a little moderation on the Environmental side. And as I said before, not necessarily because of demand characteristics but just because of comparisons year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Willoughby [ph].
Unknown Analyst -: I guess, first, if you could remind us on your Screening business, how that breaks down in terms of revenue per U.S. versus o U.S.? And then, on the assumption that Screening should return to more normalized rates, is there any evidence you're seeing in the market today? I guess, what's that based off of?
Robert Friel: So I would think of the Screening business probably 2/3, 1/3 from the standpoint of U.S. to outside the U.S. And I would say, we're seeing some early indication based on data that we track in the hospitals with regard to sort of deliveries that there may be some again modest improvement in stabilization in the back half.
Unknown Analyst -: And then just a question on the share buybacks. How much do you have left remaining under your authorization?
Frank Wilson: We have been 6 million shares remaining at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Wood.
Jon Wood: So Andy, on the -- just looking at your third quarter guidance, and it looks like you're implying incremental margins a bit below, which you had in the second quarter. I guess tying this into what happened on the Human Health side, you kind of talk about some growth investments in mix. Can you just kind of talk us through the Human Health incrementals going into the back half of the year vis--vis the overall business?
Frank Wilson: Well, yes. The growth investment side of it, we're really referring mainly to our DNA business we talked about over the last couple of quarters and some of the expenditures around that. I think the rest of the Human Health outside is really going to be impacted by mix. I think the overall margins we expect to return to positive in the second half for is Human Health primarily because we do think there's a bit of a pickup in that mix with our Screening business kind of get them up to more of a positive than what we saw in the second quarter. So I think there's incremental there. And I think we still have very difficult comps in the Med Imaging side. We were up over 20% on Med Imaging in the third, fourth quarter last year. So I think that's going to be a little bit of an offset to that. So I think with those investments and with volumes getting -- returning to more of a mid-single type growth rate, that's kind of where we think we'll end up.
Robert Friel: So I guess when we think about the third quarter is we do expect to see incremental margin improvement on the Human Health side. What we are forecasting is not as strong of expansion on the Environmental side. Of course, if you look at the first half, Environmental Health was expanding operating margins over 200 basis points. We're assuming that moderates down a little bit.
Jon Wood: Got it. You kind of touched on this, Andy, but just looking at the comps, obviously, in the Human Health business in the back half of last year, right there, they're increasingly or they appear to be increasingly tougher. And Europe, you kind of call that as being the Imaging growth in the back of last year. So can the Human Health business, as kind of consolidated, actually accelerate in the back half of the year given that Imaging comp?
Robert Friel: From a margin perspective, we think both gross margin and operating margin will expand in the second half despite the year-over-year comparison in Med Imaging.
Jon Wood: And do you, Andy, remind us, do you have any incremental capital redeployment activity built into your guidance at this point?
Frank Wilson: The incremental capital? No, we do not.
Robert Friel: Jon, do you mean like a stock buyback, additional stock buyback?
Jon Wood: Yes, right.
Frank Wilson: We have the authorization out there, but we don't any of that built in into the guidance.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of Paul Knight of CLSA. Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. When we look in the world of the traditional analytical instruments, did you see any booking change? I mean obviously, we worry that it's cyclical. What's happening there? And then I guess, Rob, when you look at the Service side of the business, it's a lot larger portion of Perkin, do you really see any change in tone on Service? Or should Service really go through a rougher economic patch better? What's your thought on, A, hardware instrumentation? And secondly, what do you think happens in the Service business in a recession if we have one?
Robert Friel: So on the Instrument side, I think alluded to this a little bit before, we have seen some slowing in Europe, not surprising, I think given what we're hearing about the economic environment there, we are not seeing anything in Asia that's really noteworthy. So Asia continues to be strong for us. And the U.S. seems to be fairly consistent. So I think we still feel pretty good about the demand pattern for the Analytical Instruments side in the back half. As I said, we're moderating a little bit just relative to the strong second half we had last year. On the Service side, if you go back again to the discussion we have before in the '08, '09 timeframe, Service business continued to do quite well during that period of time. So it's difficult to say something is immune to the overall macroeconomic environment. But I do think that the Service business has done pretty well historically. Now part of that is if you were to sort of separate it between classical, billable or time and material, I think that does take a little bit of a hit during a difficult economic time. What was more than offsetting that during the '08, '09 timeframe was we're continuing to expand the OneSource program because of the continued adoption of that, largely within the pharmaceutical industry. So I think the real challenge, as we get into a more difficult environment is, we'll we be able to continue to expand our addressable market with OneSource? And when I say that, it's not only from an industry perspective, it's also from a geographic perspective. For more than offset, what will be some pressure on the historical time and material aspect of service. Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. And then Rob, on the Research, Reagents businesses, are you happy with the rejuvenation of that product line? Is that product line growing consistently now? What is the status of that?
Robert Friel: Well, I think when you think about our Research Reagent business, you really need to bifurcate it between the radio chemicals and the non-rad. The radio chemicals, as we talked on a number of occasions, continue to be under pressure. And so, again this year -- this quarter, it was down sort of high-single digits. And we're continuing to try the best we can to sort of manage through that transition, and we think, at some point, that does stabilize at a certain rate. On the other hand, on the non-rad side, I think we continue to see good growth there. And as you said, I do feel good about the rejuvenations there, both within internal investments that we've made, as well as some of the external acquisitions we made. So for example, the VisEn business in the preclinical side saw a good growth in the quarter. So I feel terrific about the progress we've made on the non-rad. It's going to take us a little while to sort of make that piece large enough to make the non-rad piece not have such a big impact on the overall growth of the Reagents business.
Operator: With no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Robert Friel for closing remarks. Please proceed.
Robert Friel: Okay. Well, first of all, thank you for your questions. As we move into the third quarter, our priorities will remain focused on bolstering our growth and utilizing a focused approach to improving our operating margins, while investing in new technologies, software and services that advance human and environmental health. During our next earnings call, I look forward to discussing our third quarter performance and how we're progressing against our priorities. Thank you for your participation in today's call and your continued interest in PerkinElmer. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2011 PerkinElmer Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Francine, and I am your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] Wed now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Dave Francisco, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
David Francisco: Thank you, Francine. Good afternoon, and welcome to the First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors Section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com, or from our toll-free investor hotline at 1-877-PKI-NYSE. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until May 19, 2011. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements weve outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of todays forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel.
Robert Friel: Thanks, Dave. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to report that PerkinElmer had a very successful start to the year as we delivered excellent financial results while continuing to fund strategic investments, supporting our longer term growth initiatives. Looking at the first quarter, we generated very strong growth in revenue and adjusted earnings per share, exceeding both our top and bottom line guidance that we shared with you in February. Reported revenue, it was up 14%. Organic revenue grew 10%. Adjusted operating profit margins expanded 160 basis points and adjusted earnings per share grew 36%. Andy will provide the specific details on our financial performance. However, in summary, the growth we experienced in the first quarter was attributable to improving end markets; growth from new products; continued strength in emerging territories; and our efforts to focus the company on fewer, more attractive market segments and applications. Furthermore, the emphasis we are placing on expanding our operating margins was apparent in the quarter as we experienced very good flow-through from the incremental revenue despite headwinds from an unfavorable mix. The 160 basis points increase over first quarter of last year reinforces our belief that we can achieve adjusted operating profit margins in the high teens by 2014. Just as important as a strong financial performance in the quarter, we also made very good progress on increasing the growth profile of the company through internal investments as well as external collaborations and acquisitions. In the first quarter, we continued to expand our capabilities within selected geographies and applications. This is allowing us to capitalize on increasingly stringent environmental regulations and the growing demand for greater access to health care in emerging territories, particularly related to newborn, maternal health and infectious disease. During the quarter, we funded a series of investments targeted at providing our customers with better tools to advance human and environmental health. In particular, several of our new product innovations provide customers with multiple modes of operation within one instrument, creating a more efficient lab environment. Three of these multimode innovations are the label-free EnSpire Plate Reader, which helps scientists to enable discovery of potential new therapeutic targets; the Spectrum Two infrared analyzer, which provides better near and midrange infrared capabilities for characterizing chemical and biological materials; and the NexION ICP-MS system, which advances trace element analysis through 3 modes of operation for better food and water analysis. I'm also pleased with our ability to leverage adjacencies in the diagnostics and therapeutic markets with new applications such as OncoChip, a new microarray technology to aid in faster, earlier and more accurate diagnosis of hematological malignancies. Additionally, we expanded our Cord Blood Banking business to include umbilical cord tissue banking services, which will help to provide patients more options in new cell therapies. And finally, we introduced our new epigenetics-based detection reagents, which help to accelerate drug discovery research for novel therapeutic strategies for diseases such as cancer, diabetes and Alzheimer's. In the first quarter, we also made a number of strategic acquisitions that increase our ability to address our customers' growing needs. While each of the acquired businesses brings us unique capabilities, the acquisitions are targeted on 2 critical areas. The first area is the need for better tools to interpret and manage the vast amounts of data that laboratories generate every day. Through the CambridgeSoft and ArtusLabs acquisitions, we will have the capability of providing a robust informatics platform that will enable customers to maximize their laboratory efficiency and harness critical information and insights. In addition, we can provide our customers with the ability to rapidly access and share enterprise-wide data for faster, more informed scientific decisions. The second area of increased investment was in the area of DNA analysis with the intention of complementing our current capabilities in protein-based analysis. Increasingly, our customers want to perform experiments that look at both proteins and genes. Therefore, we are selectively adding to our existing competencies, as we did with our purchase of Signature Genomics in 2010. This year, we have broadened our DNA analysis footprint in sample prep, bioinformatics and DNA sequencing. We accomplished this through the purchase of chemagen, which provides a complete solution to nucleic acids sample preparation; the acquisition of Geospiza, announced earlier today, which is a bioinformatics software company focused on sequencing; and the launch of our Next Generation Sequencing Service. As a result of these acquisitions, and repurchasing 7 million shares in the open market over the last 2 quarters, we have reinvested approximately 90% of the divestiture proceeds from the sale of the Illumination and Detection Solutions business. I am pleased that we have redeployed the capital in a way that should allow us to achieve the high end of our original guidance of $0.07 to $0.11 accretion while increasing our recurring revenues and significantly expanding our scale and critical growth drivers for the company. In closing, I believe that we're off to a strong start as the organization is executing well against our operating priorities, as well as continuing to invest for long-term profitable growth. As a result, we have decided to raise our adjusted EPS guidance for the year to $1.62 through $1.67, with the midpoint representing a 24% increase over 2010. I will now hand the call over to Andy, who will discuss our end market and financial performance in greater detail.
Frank Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll now provide some additional details on our first quarter results. And following my prepared remarks, we'll open it up for questions. Before moving into the financial details, I'd like to clarify that whenever I talk about a particular measure being up or down, I'm referring to an increase or decrease in that measure during the first quarter of 2011 compared to the first quarter of 2010. As Rob just discussed, we had another strong quarter of revenue and adjusted earnings growth. Revenue for the first quarter increased by 14%, and organic revenue increased by 10% as compared to the same period last year. By segment, organic revenue increased by 2% in Human Health and 17% in Environmental Health. Recurring revenue, which includes reagents, consumables and services, represented approximately 56% of total revenue in the quarter, with organic revenue growing at a mid-single digit rate. Instruments and components represented approximately 44% of total revenue in the first quarter, with organic revenue growing in the high teens. We experienced strong organic revenue growth across all major geographies with the Americas and Europe growing at high-single digit rates and Asia growing high teens. Additionally, as Rob mentioned, our focus on emerging markets continues to gain traction with almost a quarter of our total revenue now coming from these key regions and growing at a double digit rate in the quarter. From an end-market perspective, PerkinElmer's Human Health segment represented approximately 45% of total revenue in the quarter. Within this segment, we serve 2 end markets: diagnostics, which represented 27% of total revenue; and research, which represented 18% of total revenue. Organic revenue from our Diagnostics business grew at a mid-single digit rate in the first quarter, with contributions from our Screening business more than offsetting a modest decline in our Medical Imaging business as it cycled up against very difficult prior year comparisons. In our Screening business, we experienced growth across all major geographies. Within the U.S., growth was primarily due to the timing of certain shipments in the quarter as birth rates in the U.S. continued to decline at a low-single digit rate. Outside of the U.S., we continued to benefit from an increasing adoption rate for our neonatal and infectious disease screening offerings, particularly in emerging markets. Organic revenue in our Medical Imaging business declined at a low-single digit rate in the quarter. Robust demand in adjacent markets, including industrial and veterinary, were offset by declines in the base business, a result of very difficult comparables in the prior year. The success we achieved in adding new OEM customers in adjacent markets has helped reduce the cyclicality of the business due to diversification of our customer base for this key imaging technology. Organic revenue in our Research business declined at a low-single digit rate in the first quarter as we experienced continued healthy demand in the academic sector as early stage therapeutic researchers continue their efforts to optimize screening efficiencies in the lab. In particular, we saw strong demand for our Operetta cellular imaging systems and EnSpire Multimode Plate Readers, both of which have targeted features and price points aligned with the needs of our academic customers. These technologies, coupled with our automated sample preparation systems, provide a compelling, high throughput solution for this key customer segment. Offsetting growth in the academic sector was a decline in organic revenue within large pharma. This decline was primarily related to a larger-than-anticipated contraction in our legacy radioisotope portfolio. However, we were encouraged by growth in both non-rad reagents and instruments supporting our high-throughput screening offering. We expect positive growth in the reagent segment for the full year and believe we are well positioned to benefit from the geographic shift of research to Asia, global investments targeting preclinical research, as well as what we believe are improving trends in the pharmaceutical segment. Now let's turn to Environmental Health, which represented 55% of our total revenues in the first quarter. Within Environmental Health, we serve 3 markets: laboratory services, which represented 24% of total revenue; environmental and safety, which represented 21%; and industrial, which represented 10% of total revenue. Organic revenue in our lab services business grew low-double digits in the first quarter as our OneSource business once again posted strong top line growth as this unique comprehensive service offering continues to expand globally. Organic revenue in our environmental and safety markets grew over 20% in the first quarter as increased environmental and food safety regulations continued to drive strong demand for our analytical technologies. During the quarter, we saw strength in our inorganic analysis solutions, used for detecting trace metal contaminants in food and environmental applications. Revenues from our NexION 300 ICP-MS more than doubled versus the first quarter of 2010 as this highly efficient multimode instrument continues to gain share in these markets. Additionally, our gas chromatography offering grew low-double digit in the period, driven by ongoing concerns around food additives and adulterants as well as pesticide contaminants in both food and water. Finally, organic revenue in our industrial market grew over 20% in the first quarter. We are seeing strong demand in industrial applications due in part to the cyclical recovery and the timing of demand fulfillment. We also experienced significant growth in our GC Engineered Solutions and our new Spectrum Two infrared instrument used in chemical and petrochemical applications. Looking at our overall financial performance, adjusted operating margins expanded 160 basis points in the first quarter to 13.2%. In the quarter, we benefited from healthy incremental flow-through on strong sales, a result of productivity improvement and the benefit of prior year restructuring actions, partially offset by unfavorable product mix and growth investments executed in the period. In our Human Health segment, adjusted operating margins were 17.9%, representing an increase of 40 basis points as compared to the same period a year ago. Productivity gains in Human Health were partially offset by acquisition integration-related costs and growth investments. In our Environmental Health segment, adjusted operating margins were 13.6%, representing an increase of 240 basis points as compared to the first quarter of 2010. Within the segment, we experienced healthy volume leverage, a favorable product mix as well as solid productivity gains, including the realization of the expected benefits related to the SCIEX integration. GAAP operating profit was $39.3 million in the first quarter of 2011 versus $30.6 million in the first quarter of 2010. For the first quarter, we had a GAAP tax rate of 22.9%. And on a non-GAAP basis, our adjusted tax rate was 26.9%, which is consistent with our guidance communicated in February. GAAP EPS from continuing operations in the first quarter of 2011 was $0.22 compared to $0.17 in the first quarter of 2010 while our adjusted EPS was $0.34 in the first quarter of 2011, up 36% from the prior year. Our weighted average diluted share count for the first quarter of 2011 was approximately 115.1 million shares. Turning to the balance sheet, we finished the first quarter with approximately $100 million of net debt, which we define as short- and long-term debt minus cash. This reflects an increase in net debt of approximately $94 million as compared to the fourth quarter of 2010, due primarily to open market repurchases of 4 million shares and payment for acquisitions completed during the period. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $416 million of cash. Looking at our cash flow performance for the quarter, operating cash flow from continuing operations was $47.3 million as compared to $51.2 million in the first quarter of 2010. This modest year-over-year decline in the quarter was primarily the result of an unfavorable tax impact associated with the sale of IDS. Excluding this impact, adjusted operating cash flow increased 7% in the period. In summary, we're pleased with our financial performance for the quarter as we continue to drive strong revenue and adjusted earnings growth. Now I'd like to discuss our second quarter and full year 2011 guidance. Consistent with our views expressed earlier in the year, we expect business conditions for the remainder of 2011 to remain solid. We're forecasting a similar demand profile in environmental food safety testing, lab services and academic research, but we expect growth rates to moderate due to more challenging comparables for the balance of the year. Additionally, we expect our Screening business to generate more normalized growth rates in the back half of the year as birthrates in the U.S. begin to recover. Accordingly, we're forecasting organic revenue to grow in the mid-single digit range for the full year as well as for the second quarter. Regarding adjusted operating margins, we now expect expansion to be at the high end of our range of our stated objectives of 75 to 100 basis points for all of 2011. This expansion will be driven primarily by volume leverage and continued traction on our multiyear productivity initiatives, offset by growth investments to ensure the sustainability of our long-term financial performance. Additionally, due to the timing of revenue recognition of existing CambridgeSoft contracts, we expect the majority of its full year profits to be realized in the fourth quarter. As Rob mentioned, we have redeployed approximately 90% of the proceeds from the divestiture of the Illumination and Detection Solutions business to highly productive assets. Well continue to look for opportunities to deploy capital in accordance with our strategy, but are no longer required to do so to achieve our full year guidance. Bringing these factors together, we estimate our full year adjusted earnings per share for 2011 to increase from the previously communicated range of $1.56 to $1.64 to a new range of $1.62 to $1.67, representing growth of 22% to 26% over the prior year. Additionally, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the second quarter to be in the range of $0.38 to $0.40, representing growth of 15% to 21% as compared to the second quarter of 2010. This concludes my prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to Dave.
David Francisco: Thanks, Andy. Operator, at this time, I think we'd like to open the call to questions please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Quintin Lai from Robert W. Baird.
Quintin Lai: A couple of questions here. So first, housekeeping-wise. The guidance that you gave, is that now inclusive of these acquisitions that you just made?
Frank Wilson: It is.
Quintin Lai: And when I was looking through the press release, you didn't talk really about the financial impact. I assume that revenues not a big deal. But earnings-wise, was there like a -- is there any kind of modest dilution relative to that?
Frank Wilson: Well, if you look at the acquisitions in total, we anticipate they're going to generate about $0.05 of EPS for the year, and that our buybacks are going to be about 5% as well. I think there will be some upfront costs associated with the acquisitions. But I don't see any significant dilution as a result of these.
Quintin Lai: And then with respect to kind of your comments on the pharma side, you kind of mentioned that you expect the consumable business to pick up. Is that a trend that you've been seeing maybe now that the first quarter is over and we're into the second quarter? Or can you maybe give a little color on what you're expecting as the pacing goes through the year?
Robert Friel: Yes. I would say, in the first quarter, Quin, what we saw was some growth on the screening side [indiscernible]. We saw it both on the academic side as well as the pharma, which was great to see because as you know, for most of 2010, there was a lot of investment going into screen. So it was nice to see. We saw strength both on the plate readers as well as on the reagent side. Andy mentioned the fact that, however, offsetting that was the fact that our rad business contracted a little bit more than what we've seen historically. And we think thats somewhat timing-related, but we'll just have to wait and see how that pans out for the rest of the year. So I would say, when I think about the research market, we're starting to see some recovery on the screening side in pharma and both academics. So that's the good news. The offset to that is we are seeing pressure on the radioactive side of our business. But as Andy said, we are expecting the research business to be positive for the year, probably low- to mid-single digits.
Quintin Lai: All right, and the last question from me and I'll jump back, Andy, the guidance for the year, did you give an updated expectation for share count for the full year?
Frank Wilson: We did not. It's going to be about 114 million shares.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro: First one on just sort of acquisitions. Could you maybe give us what you assume the total revenue contribution will be in dollar terms from acquisitions for the year?
Frank Wilson: Yes, it's about $75 million, all in.
Isaac Ro: Got it. And then in terms of -- just looking at all the activity you guys have had in acquisitions here, total mix of business that you would characterize as software and/or service, I think it was historically about 30%. Where is that going to be as you exit the year? And then over time, should we assume that incremental M&A could kind of take the company more into that direction?
Robert Friel: Well, so as Andy mentioned, the acquisitions, which basically -- what we've done so far is largely in either the service software side or consumables. So the majority of that. So $75 million -- so figure that's almost 4% of our revenue. And so that would be the increase relative to what we had last year.
Isaac Ro: Right, and if we just think longer-term, is there maybe a more concerted strategy to have a very comprehensive software offering and informatics offering? It looks like you guys have bought some interesting assets here and just curious about your thoughts on what...
Robert Friel: Yes, I think that's right. I think we've said for some time that we obviously want to drive to a more recurring side of revenue. We've sort of increased over the last couple of years from 50% to 60%. Now we'll be pushing through to 65%. But we see informatics as a real opportunity. And I would say, there's a couple of drivers to that. First of all, clearly, the consolidation that's going on is requiring our customers to have better connection between the scientific efforts, whether its the outsourcing of R&D, the CROs that are requiring the ability to share information seamlessly, whether it's a focus on productivity or whether it's just a fact that the instrumentations are continuing to generate more and more information. And there's a real need to be able to search, analyze, store and share that information. So we think, consistent with what we've done with our service offering, there's a huge opportunity to help our customers sort through this need to have a much better informatics platform. And so we did CambridgeSoft. Let's think about it sort of a backbone, brings in a very strong electronic notebook. ArtusLabs brings us some fairly good capability around imaging. They've got some -- particularly technology around optical structure recognition. And then, of course, Geospiza brings us cloud computing and some real good capabilities around sequencing, which is complementary to our Sequencing Service.
Isaac Ro: Got it, that's very helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Lawson from Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson: I just wondered if you x out that radiochemical business, did the pharma business decline? Or was it flat?
Robert Friel: Well, if you x out the rad business, our non-rad business grew sort of mid-single digits, and that would be a combination of pharma and academic. So the non-rad piece of the portfolio was actually, like I said, up, I think it was 5% or 6%.
Peter Lawson: And then, but just if you parse out the pharma side of things, how did that fit?
Robert Friel: I would say that pharma still grows. But again, because we're looking at it a little differently, we don't really separate the end markets from rad and non-rad. I would say pharma, so far, we grew a little bit. But overall, it was about mid-single digits.
Peter Lawson: And then the acquisition announced today, the Geospiza, could you walk through the synergies that will have with the Next Generation business? And were the products we sold, standalone or are they going to kind of rolled into the current...
Robert Friel: Well, we've actually been partnering with Geospiza since we started our Sequencing business. So we know the business well. And I would say, its synergistics in sort of 2 areas. Its synergistics in sort of the early part of the sample and process tracking. And then its synergistics on the analysis side. And like I said, we've been working with them since we started it. So as you think about it, they provide the synergies in the upfront side. Then of course, the sample prep and automation is going to be chemagen and some of our other products whether it's the JANUS Automated Workstations or the EnSpire Plate Readers. Then we'll use some other products to do XON capturing and sequencing and then, of course, we'll use the Geospiza software for the analysis.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard from Leerink Swann.
Daniel Leonard: Ill start with a housekeeping question. What was the share count at the end of the quarter?
Frank Wilson: 115.
Daniel Leonard: That was average during the quarter, right? Not that -- it isn't how you ended the quarter, I would assume.
Frank Wilson: That's correct.
Daniel Leonard: Okay, on the scientific software market, could you walk me through how you're viewing that market in terms of the size of the overall opportunity? The growth rate of that market? The competitive environment?
Robert Friel: Yes, so I would say, the scientific -- if you look at -- you've got to separate it into a couple of different pieces. But I would say, if you look at the EON market, CambridgeSoft was probably the third largest provider in that market. So I think we picked up a very nice position there relative to electronic notebook. And then I said that the approach there is to sort of add in to that imaging capability and then ultimately, I think that's got to be put on a cloud application. I think that's one of the true benefits of Geospiza. I would say, growth wise, it's probably been growing in the sort of low double digits. And that would be our expectation going forward.
Daniel Leonard: Okay, and then finally, can you talk to your plans to integrate these different software businesses? Would you expect that you will integrate them and they're going to operate as one team? Or are they going to stand as separate entities?
Robert Friel: Well, I would say, initially, the ArtusLabs and the CambridgeSoft will be integrated because I think there's some real synergies between those 2. Probably Geospiza, initially, will be  as I've sort of alluded to before, will be more focused on the DNA Sequencing business. And then of course, over time, we'll look at a software strategy across PerkinElmer. The other thing to point out is PerkinElmer has a number of informatics products today. So whether it's on the cellular imaging side or whether it's in the lab information management systems within our analytical sciences business. So we're looking across all of our capabilities in PerkinElmer. And we'll ultimately probably have an integrated software business. But I would say, that's down the road.
Operator: And we also have a question from the line of Jon Groberg from Macquarie.
Jonathan Groberg: Just a quick question, what percent of your Environmental Health revenues are from emerging markets?
Robert Friel: So emerging markets for the company is about 25%. So I don't know. Andy, you know what it is for emerging?
Frank Wilson: No. I can -- I'll find it and get that...
Robert Friel: I would say, it's probably higher than that because it's higher on the Environmental side than it is on the Human Health side.
Frank Wilson: Yes, I was going to say around 30%. But I'll confirm that.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay, and then Rob, obviously, you've made some small acquisitions here. It was rumored that you were in the market for potentially a larger, more transformative acquisition. I guess, whats your appetite for larger M&A at this point?
Robert Friel: I would say our strategy has been, for the last couple of years, to do more tuck-ins. And I would say that's going to be the sort of majority of the strategy going forward. I mentioned in the past it may be a little bigger than what we've done historically. I think if you look, the average deal that we've done in the past couple of years has probably been sort of more in the $50 million range. I'd like to do a little bigger than that. CambridgeSoft, as you know, was sort of in the $200 million range. So I'd like to do bigger deals but unlikely, wed do something very large.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay, and then last question for me on Geospiza, just so I'm clear. It looks like -- I think with the previous acquisitions, you said about $0.04 accretion? So is this maybe at $0.01? Is the way to look at it? And then could you maybe just give us some details, it's not that long ago since you launched the target -- or launched the Sequencing service. Kind of what demand you're seeing to date? How big is it, kind of what your expectations are for that business?
Robert Friel: So I would say, I think the $0.04 that you recall was really when we talked about the CambridgeSoft and ArtusLabs. Actually, the Geospiza has sort of minimal impact on our EPS. The other $0.01 is largely coming from chemagen. So I think when you look at all the acquisitions together, it's about a $0.05. And then as Andy said, probably about $0.05 from our share buyback. The DNA Sequencing business I would describe as sort of early days. I think we're getting some good traction with our customers. I think it could be an exciting opportunity from a market perspective. But like I said, it's sort of early days for us. And I would say, through the first quarter, it's still less than $1 million of revenue. But I would say, we see it as an exciting opportunity, but I don't think it's going to be meaningful from a financial perspective for some time.
Jonathan Groberg: Would you mind just one other quick question on that? Do you find that your customers are coming in and just saying, "This is what we'd like to do, you do it anyway you want." Or do your customers -- are they more specific in terms of "We'd like you to use X technology to run this particular project for us."
Robert Friel: They are not being specific to technology.
Jonathan Groberg: They're not? Okay, thanks.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Paul Knight from CLSA. Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Where are you with the integration of Signature Labs SYM-BIO and all the diagnostic businesses? I mean, are you halfway there? Three quarters of the way there?
Robert Friel: So I would say -- SYM-BIO, I would say, is fairly well integrated within PerkinElmer. And so I would say, we're almost all the way there on SYM-BIO. I would say, Signature, we're more than halfway there. But we're still sort of working through some integration plans there. But I would say, SYM-BIO, close to 100%. SYM-BIO, probably north of 50% -- I mean, Signature, north of 50%. Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. And this high teens operating margin, that is by 2014 or in 2014?
Frank Wilson: It's by 2014. Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. And as I look at Human Health and Environmental Health, would both businesses rise about the same? Or is one going to go up more than the other?
Frank Wilson: Well, the challenge we've given each of the businesses is productivity improvement. It's fairly homogeneous across the segments. But I think, ultimately, you're going to see Human Health with margins with a 2 in front of it and Environmental Health with kind of more of a mid teens. So you kind of blend it in the high teens. But I think the targets we set for the 2 groups and the opportunities we see within the 2 segments are fairly, fairly similar. Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Okay.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from the line of Jon Wood from Jefferies & Company.
Jon Wood: Should we anticipate M&A activity moderates through the balance of the year following the recent transactions? And then, Andy, it looks like the 114 million share count guidance contemplates incremental share repurchases over the coming quarters. Is that accurate?
Frank Wilson: No, it does not.
Robert Friel: I would say, I think we'll continue to look for bolt-on acquisitions. I think we've got a strong balance sheet and we can continue to do a couple of hundred million if we saw the appropriate targets. So I don't know that I would say it necessarily moderates. It will be more dependent on seeing the opportunities and obviously, transactions that make sense from a financial and strategic perspective.
Jon Wood: And Andy, any chance you could give us the aggregate value of the acquisitions completed in the second quarter for the purposes of our cash flow forecast?
Frank Wilson: Sure. Of the 4 acquisitions, it's approximately $260 million.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ross Muken from Deutsche Bank.
Vijay Kumar: This is Vijay in for Ross. I just had one question. You sort of mentioned strength in ICP-MS and GC. Could you sort of talk about comparative dynamics out there? Do you feel like you're gaining share in those markets and what you're seeing?
Robert Friel: So I think this strength is really coming from 2 aspects. One is obviously the markets are very strong because of the concern about some of the regulatory issues out there. I think the other thing is, we've introduced some new products recently that are getting very good traction in the market. So I think it's a combination of the strong market and the new products. And I suspect we're executing quite well.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from the line of Paul Knight from CLSA. Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Andy, what was the top line guidance for Q2?
Frank Wilson: Mid-single digit. And that's also the guidance for the year. Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. And that would be total. What kind of range on absolute revenue level?
Frank Wilson: The absolute dollars? Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Yes.
Frank Wilson: I don't have that off the top of my head. Dave, do you have it? Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. That's okay, thanks.
Operator: We have a question from the line -- actually, a follow-up question from Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro: One housekeeping item on FX for the balance of the year. Top line, bottom line impact, are you guys able to share a view there?
Frank Wilson: Yes. The balance of the year, we think its going to be a tailwind of about 4% but de minimus on the bottom line, just given our mix.
Isaac Ro: Okay, and then one other one, just sort of longer-term, Andy, as we look at the operating margin guidance you've given. You guys have obviously acquired some higher growth businesses. How much of that target is sort of contingent on continued acceleration on the top line versus the more significant operating improvement you guys have in the works?
Frank Wilson: Well, I think what weve communicated is for us to hit our high teens operating margin by 2014 requires us to generate about 5% organic growth going forward and the balance of that being productivity improvement. So obviously, if we do better than that, hopefully we'll get there faster. But we may reinvest as you know. If we do worse, we'll probably have to do some more heavy lifting. But that's the mix right now.
Operator: And we have no further questions in the queue. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Friel for closing remarks.
Robert Friel: Great. So thank you for your questions. As we move into the second quarter, our priorities will remain focused on growth and employing a decade-approach to improving our operating margins while investing in new technologies, software and services that advance Human and Environmental Health. During our next earnings call, I look forward to discussing our second quarter performance and how we're progressing against our priorities. Thank you for your participation today, call and continued interest in PerkinElmer. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2010 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. My name is Yvette, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dave Francisco, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
David Francisco: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, and welcome to PerkinElmer Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. With me on call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you've not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at perkinelmer.com or from our toll-free investor hotline at 1-877-PKI-NYSE. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until February 17, 2011. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we've outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future, even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent that we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. And I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel.
Robert Friel: Thanks, Dave. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us for the PerkinElmer Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. We are pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter, delivering another solid quarter of both top and bottom line growth. Organic revenue grew 9%, adjusted operating profit margins expanded 60 basis points and adjusted earnings per share grew 19%. In addition to exceeding our financial commitments we continued to make great strides on our strategic priorities. Touching briefly on our end markets, both the Human and Environmental businesses performed well in the quarter. In Human Health, organic revenue grew 9%, with our Diagnostic businesses growing mid-teens, led by medical imaging and maternal and newborn health. In the research market, we grew mid-single-digits, led by the academic market and strong growth in our cellular imaging offerings. In Environmental Health, we experienced 10% organic growth, driven by strong demand related to new and more stringent regulations for environmental and food safety. Andy will provide additional color around our end markets and our financial results in more detail later on this call. I will focus my remarks on the continued progress we made this quarter on two of our strategic priorities, increasing the growth profile of the company and expanding our operating margins. In the fourth quarter, we significantly improved our top line through continued expansion in emerging territories, leveraging our capabilities into adjacent markets, new product innovations and key customer wins. Revenues from emerging territories now exceed 25% of our total revenue and are growing overall at a mid-teens rate. Within each of the BRIC countries, we're experiencing growth greater than 20%. In addition, we had several important customer wins in these regions and we continue to invest in the infrastructure for future growth. During the quarter, we placed a number of our recently introduced newborn screening systems in emerging markets to facilitate growth there. And while it puts some pressure on our gross margins, it will accelerate our growth and help provide critical neonatal screening technology to those who need it.  We also partnered with key health officials in Russia as they expand their newborn screening efforts through the country's first dried blood spot test. Our recent investments in Asia included a new software center of excellence in Shanghai, which will build upon our software capabilities and improve our time-to-market. We also established a center in Bangkok that will enable us to leverage our local expertise and capabilities and drive deeper penetration into the growing Southeast Asian market. This quarter, we continued to expand in adjacent markets. Our Medical Imaging business broadened its offerings to include new applications, including securing our first veterinarian customer, as well as adding five new non-medical OEMs. Our market-leading OneSource service franchise also reached new heights this quarter as it continues to experience strong geographic expansion and has doubled its revenue over the past five years. During the quarter, we also introduced a series of innovations targeted to advancing Human and Environmental Health, including last week's announcement of the launch of our next-generation DNA sequencing and data analysis services. And additionally, we increased our investments in providing epigenetic solutions with the introduction of new epigenetics-based detection reagents to facilitate high-throughput screening for researching diseases such as neurodegeneration and cancer. We also launched the first placental growth factor assay kit outside of the United States, designed to help clinicians screen pregnant women during the first trimester of pregnancy. And lastly, we expanded our digital imaging technology outside of the medical applications with the launch of two new digital x-ray flat-panel detectors for non-destructive testing. These are just a few examples of the great headway we are making to meet the evolving needs of our customers. Turning now to adjusted operating profit margins, our focused approach on increasing productivity and simplification is gaining substantial traction. Adjusted operating profit for the company grew by 60 basis points to 15.8%. For the full year, our adjusted operating profit increased by 100 basis points, representing the top end of our guidance of 50 to 100 basis points. As a result, we believe that we remain on track to achieve our goal of high-teens adjusted operating profit margins by 2014. During the fourth quarter, we completed the divestiture of Illumination and Detection Solutions business. Our strong balance sheet will fuel the accelerated execution against our strategic priorities. I'm pleased to note that we have a solid and expanding pipeline of potential acquisition targets that we're actively engaged in reviewing. Our acquisition priorities are to build out the breadth and footprint of our key end markets with particular emphasis in broadening our offerings in services, reagents, consumables and softwares. As I look back at the past year, I'm proud of the progress we made. We improved our financial strength and exceeded our financial commitments, successfully growing organic revenue by 8%, expanding our adjusted earnings per share by 24% and generating adjusted operating cash flow of approximately $200 million, an increase of 17% over the prior year. We also increased the growth profile of the company through a number of new market-driven innovations augmented our portfolio with several key acquisitions, expanded into adjacent markets and grew our global footprint in developing regions. Finally and most importantly, we believe our efforts continue to help improve the quality of life across the globe. From earlier detection of disease and combating infectious disease, to ensuring cleaner drinking water and safer food. Moving from 2010 to 2011, our strategic priorities will remain focused on propelling our growth and employing a dedicated approach to improving our operating margins while investing in new technologies, software and services. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy to walk you through our end-market and financial performance in greater detail.
Frank Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll now provide some additional details on our fourth quarter results. And after my prepared remarks, we'll open it up for questions. Before moving into the financial details, I'd like to clarify that whenever I talk about a particular measure being up or down, I'm referring to an increase or decrease in that measure during the fourth quarter of 2010, compared to the fourth quarter of 2009. As Rob mentioned previously, we had another solid quarter of revenue and earnings growth over the prior year period. Reported revenue and organic revenue for the company in the fourth quarter increased 10% and 9%, respectively, as compared to the same period last year. By segment, organic revenue increased by 10% in Human Health and 9% in Environmental Health. By product category, our recurring revenue, which includes our reagents, consumables and services, represented approximately 54% of total revenue in the quarter and organic revenue grew at a high single-digit rate. Instruments and components represented approximately 46% of total revenue in the fourth quarter and organic revenue grew at a low double-digit rate. We experienced organic revenue growth across all major geographies, with particular strength in the Americas and Asia, while emerging markets remain strong in the quarter, ramping up a terrific performance for the year. From an end-market perspective, PerkinElmer's Human Health segment represented approximately 46% of total revenue in the quarter. Within Human Health, we serve two end markets: diagnostics, which represented 26% of total revenue; and research, which represented 20% of total revenues. Organic revenue from our Diagnostics business grew mid-teens in the fourth quarter, with strong contributions from our Screening and Medical Imaging businesses. In our Screening business, we experienced growth across all major geographies and all major product offerings. We were particularly pleased by the strong neonatal growth that we experienced in the U.S. given the backdrop of historically low birthrates experienced earlier in the year. We also posted broad-based growth outside of the U.S., driven in part by continued success from our efforts to expand our reach in emerging territories. Organic growth revenue growth at our Medical Imaging business grew over 20% in the quarter, as we continued to see strong growth from diagnostics, oncology and non-medical applications. We continued to benefit from the rebound of capital equipment investments in major hospitals in the last of our easier comparables from the prior year. Additionally, as Rob mentioned, we are continuing to expand into attractive adjacencies, including non-destructive industrial testing and veterinary applications. We are pleased with the significant growth in the number of new OEM customers added in 2010 in these adjacencies, affording us a strong and diversified customer base for our imaging technology. Organic revenue on our research business grew at a mid-single-digit rate in the fourth quarter. We were encouraged by robust demand in the academic sector, as our customers continue to focus on critical disease, therapeutic research and efficiencies in the lab. In particular, we saw strong demand for our high-end Opera cellular imaging systems, EnSpire Plate Readers and proprietary Alpha detection reagents, which are all specifically developed to address the growing needs of our academic customers. Offsetting this growth was the continuation of soft capital spending in our large pharmaceutical accounts, particularly in the area of high-throughput screening. As a result, we are refocusing resources to meet our pharmaceutical customers' evolving needs. As these customers focus their spending on downstream technologies and pre-clinical research, we are well-positioned with our in vivo imaging offering available through our VisEn business. Additionally, as scientists strive to accelerate cancer and neurobiological research, our newly released epigenetic-based detection reagents enable high-throughput screening for new drug candidates. The Environmental Health business represented 54% of our total revenue in the fourth quarter. Within Environmental Health, we serve three end markets. Laboratory services which represented 24% of revenue; environmental and safety, which represented 21% of total revenue; and industrial, which represented 9% of total revenue. Organic revenue in our lab services business grew low double-digit in the fourth quarter. Revenue from OneSource, our unique comprehensive service offering, as well as relocation and qualification services drove strong top-line growth, as customers continue to turn PerkinElmer for their laboratory asset management needs. Also in the quarter, we expanded our OneSource relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim, as they outsourced lab asset management for their Ontario site, allowing them to better focus their resources on core pharmaceutical development competencies. Organic revenue in our environmental and safety markets grew high single-digit in the fourth quarter, as new and more stringent regulations for environmental and food safety continue to drive the need for analytical technologies to detect contaminants globally. As a result, we saw a continued strong demand for our inorganic analysis solutions, used in both the food and environmental applications, for the detection of metal contaminants such as lead, arsenic and cadmium. We continue to see strong market penetration and adoption of our market-leading ICP-MS, the NexION 300, in these markets. In addition, in China, as the government continues to drive tighter food safety regulations, our chromatography, UV, fluorescent and inorganic solutions were chosen by key manufacturers of infant milk and dairy products for detection of heavy metals, melamine and residual pesticides, ensuring compliance with these tighter requirements. Organic revenue in our industrial markets grew mid-single-digit in the fourth quarter. We continue to see a healthy demand, due in part to the cyclical recovery, as well as the demand for chemical and petrochemical offerings. Turning to our financial performance. Adjusted operating margins were up 60 basis points in the fourth quarter to 15.8%. We continue to successfully execute on our margin expansion goals across the company, which afforded us the opportunity to fund additional growth investments during the quarter while absorbing the impact of new product launches and an unfavorable product mix. For the full year, our adjusted operating margins expanded 100 basis points. In our Human Health segment, adjusted operating margins were 19.1% representing a decline of 10 basis points as compared to the same period a year ago. This year-over-year decline was consistent with our expectations and primary related to the start-up cost on key growth initiatives and the early stage solutions from our recent acquisition, specifically Signature Genomics and VisEn. We expect these acquisitions to be accretive in 2011. For the full year, adjusted operating margins in our Human Health segment were 19.1%, an improvement of 80 basis points compared to the full year 2009. In our Environmental Health segment, adjusted operating margins were 15.4%, flat as compared to the fourth quarter of 2009. Within this segment, we experienced an unfavorable product mix, as well as incremental cost from the transfer of manufacturing activities related to the SCIEX integration, both of which we expect to normalize in 2011. For the full year, adjusted operating margins in our Environmental Health segment were 12.8%, a 90 basis point improvement as compared to the full year 2009.  For the fourth quarter, we had a GAAP tax rate of 5.1%. The result of several favorable tax items realized in the period. On a non-GAAP basis, our fourth quarter adjusted tax rate was 27.1%. GAAP EPS from continuing operations in the fourth quarter of 2010 was $0.36, compared to $0.28 in the fourth quarter of 2009. Adjusted EPS was $0.44 in the fourth quarter of 2010, up 19% from the prior year, and our weighted average diluted share count was approximately 117.5 million shares. For the full year 2010, adjusted EPS was $1.33, representing an increase of 24% over the prior year.  Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the fourth quarter with approximately $6 million of net debt, which we define as short- and long-term debt minus cash. This reflects a decrease in net debt of approximately $413 million as compared to the third quarter of 2010, as divestiture proceeds were partially offset by open-market repurchases of 3 million shares in the period. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $420 million of cash. Looking at our cash flow performance for the quarter, operating cash flow from continuing operations was $46.3 million, as compared to $55.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2009. This year-over-year decline in the quarter was primarily the result of the timing of cash payments, as well as a temporary inventory build related to new products. On a full year basis, adjusted operating cash flow was $197 million, as compared to $168 million in the fourth quarter of 2009, representing an increase of 17%. In summary, we are pleased with our financial performance for the quarter and for the year, as we continue to drive strong revenue and earnings growth. Now let me discuss our 2011 guidance and provide some further detail. We expect business conditions in 2011 to remain solid, forecasting a continuation of the strong demand profile that we have seen in environmental, food and consumer safety testing, lab services and our academic research customers. We expect our Screening business to return to a more normalized growth patterns as we progress through the year, as birth rates begin to recover, as we penetrate diagnostic testing deeper into developing regions and expand our menu of test in the developed world. As for the businesses that benefited the most from the economic recovery in 2010, we're forecasting organic growth rates to moderate as we cycle up against more difficult comparisons throughout the year. So to reiterate what Rob shared earlier, we expect organic revenue to grow in the mid-single-digit range for the full year, as well as the first quarter. Regarding adjusted operating margins, with leverage from our forecasted revenue growth and continued focus on our multi-year productivity initiatives, we expect adjusted operating margins to expand 75 to 100 basis points in 2011. Given this adjusted operating margin expansion, we expect adjusted earnings per share from our base business to grow in a range of 12% to 15%. Additionally, we expect to redeploy the proceeds of our IDS divestiture through a combination of acquisitions and open-market stock repurchases, adding $0.07 to $0.11 to our adjusted EPS for the year. Bringing these factors together, we estimate our full year adjusted earnings per share for 2011 to be in a range of $1.56 to $1.64, representing growth of 17% to 23% over the prior year. Additionally, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the first quarter to be in the range of $0.29 to $0.31, representing growth of 16% to 24% as compared to the first quarter of 2010. This concludes my prepared remarks. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David Francisco: Thanks, Andy. Operator, at this time, we'd like to open up the call to questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Jeff Ares: This is actually Jeff in for Isaac. Looking at the guidance from its single-digit organic revenue growth for 2011 and the comments you made about 25% of your business now coming from emerging markets and that's growing mid-teens, if my math is correct, it means you're implying the other 75% of the market is only growing 2% for the year?
Robert Friel: Yes, well, I would say the mid-teen growth for the emerging markets was a fourth quarter number. I would say, as we look at 2011, we have that moderating a little bit at sort of 12-ish, and then the rest of the business is in the 4% range. And that's how we get to something around, call it 6%.
Jeff Ares: And then just quick clarifying question, so the guidance of $1.56 to $1.64, that includes redeployment of all the capital from the IDS divestiture?
Frank Wilson: It's essentially does. We basically are saying it will generate $0.07 to $0.11 on top of the base business. And so the answer is, for the most part, it is.
Jeff Ares: Switching gears a little bit, looking at the genetic screening, what are your assumptions for patient volumes testing going into 2011? And if you've seen any improvement in trends there?
Robert Friel: So as Andy mentioned, we're seeing some improving trends with regard to growth in birthrates. As you recall in 2010, we were probably down 5%, at least in the U.S. from births. So we are seeing some increasing trends toward the end of last year and actually as we begin 2011. So I think we feel a little bit better about the growth prospects for the newborn screening business. With regard to the other aspects of that business, I think we continue to see good adoption of maternal testing. So I think we would sort of put that growth in the high-single to low double-digits from a maternal perspective. And I think the Via core business is probably mid-single-digits, as where it's been through most of 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quintin Lai with Robert Baird.
Matthew Notarianni: This is actually Matt in for Quintin. Real quick, one of the things that we've heard kind of throughout the season and would be nice to get an update on, given the strength of the food safety side of the businesses, is this kind of how you're thinking about the impact of this new bill in the U.S. potentially driving growth for you here?
Robert Friel: So the Food Safety Modernization Act, I think we're quite excited about the prospects of that driving increased testing. I think the issue is going to be there's probably going to be a one to a year and half lag before you see a significant, I would say, purchases relative to that. Now I think the good news about it is it's raised the awareness, and so it's increased, sort of shined a brighter spotlight on the issue. But I think with regard to actual increased shipment of products in our case, it's probably a little bit delayed. But it's having an impact globally as well. You may know that China government recently issued some recent food regulations around infant milk. And that's driving growth as well. We actually won some fairly big tender there to provide some analytical instruments around that. So I think in the short-term, it's raising the visibility, and I think like I said, probably in 2012, it will start to have an impact on actually people purchasing our products to do more testing.
Matthew Notarianni: And then I might have missed it, but Europe, how did that do in the quarter? And does that kind of dovetail with pharma not being quite as strong as the rest of the business? Any color there would be great.
Robert Friel: Europe was a little lighter than the other regions of the world. We saw U.S. and Asia grow double-digits. And Europe was in sort of the mid- to low single-digits. I think some of that, quite frankly, was some weather issues, particularly around December. And probably some timing of orders, but I think clearly, we're seeing a European economy not as strong as we're seeing in Asia, and quite frankly, in the U.S. as well. Some of that is pharma as you pointed out, but I think it's even a little bit broader based in some of the other markets as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with UBS.
Rafael Tejada: This is Rafael in for Derik. Just a couple more questions on guidance. I was wondering if you could give us a little more detail on your assumptions behind your organic growth for the different end markets and also for consumables and instruments.
Robert Friel: So let me go through the market. I think if you step back from 2011 overall, we're seeing fairly consistent, or we're forecasting fairly consistent growth across the portfolio. I think that's one of the nice things about the portfolio now, it's fairly balanced. And I think we see good growth opportunities really in all our businesses and end markets. But I would say, when you think about the Environmental side, both the service and applied markets are probably mid-single-digits, so probably in the 5% to 7% range. I think when you go over on the Human Health side, we would have the diagnostic markets a little higher, probably more in the high single-digits. And in the research business is probably more in the low single, probably 3% to 5%. Some of that is, the issues you've heard recently about the pharma spending being somewhat offset by growth in academia. But I think also it speaks a little bit to where our portfolio is positioned with high-throughput screening and a radiochemicals. And as Andy mentioned, we're working hard to improve that portfolio in places like pre-clinical and the cellular imaging area. But I still think the research area for us is going to be probably in the 3% to 5% range. So at the end of the day, Human Health and Environmental Health, we predict will be very similar with diagnostics sort of increasing the research growth and the applied markets in the service being in the 5% to 7% range.
Rafael Tejada: And I guess, just one follow-up on the pharma side, I think in the past, you've spoken about trying to, I guess, grow out your academic, I guess, have a greater exposure from the academic markets. I think right now you were saying you have a 50-50 split.
Robert Friel: We're actually making a little bit of progress there. I would say for the quarter, academia was actually a little higher. And a couple of products we just launched recently are specifically targeted to the academic market. And we're seeing good traction there. The EnSpire was one that Andy pointed out and a couple of others that we're seeing good traction. So we're fairly optimistic that as you look to 2011, you'll see increasingly higher proportion of our revenue coming from the academic end markets.
Rafael Tejada: Earlier this year, you launched that next-generation sequencing and analysis service. I was just wondering if you've had any early discussions with customers. And I guess, I just wanted to get your thoughts on how you see that business unfolding in 2011 and beyond?
Robert Friel: Yes, well, we actually have some customers now and so we're generating revenue in that business. It's obviously small. And we see that business from a couple perspectives. First of all, it's very complementary with what we do in some of other areas, for example, obviously, the sample prep and liquid handling applications, and it uses some of our readers. So it uses both PerkinElmer products as well as other companies. But I think more importantly, as we think about being in Human Health, and of course, historically, we're much more focused on the protein analysis side of things. But I think it's going to be increasingly critical to have analysis capabilities around DNA or genes. And so I think it works very complementary with what we do, both in the diagnostic area and I think increasingly, on the research side as well. As our customers increasingly want to focus on, what we call, pharmacogenomics or the protein analysis and DNA biomarkers for disease research. So I think it's very complementary with what we do. We didn't want to get necessarily into the equipment side of things because it's a fairly crowded market. So we felt [indiscernible] going through the service offering.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken: So could we talk a little bit about kind of contribution margin in the Environmental Health business? The pull-through there has been a little less than I would have thought. I mean, I think you've talked about some investments you made. I just want to sort of understand, at least in the quarter relative to what we've seen in the other quarters, what caused the pull-through to be a little bit lower than we would've expected?
Robert Friel: So I think, as Andy mentioned, there was really two things that drove that. One is we were in the process in the fourth quarter of moving the SCIEX production from Canada down into Shelton, Connecticut. And so for a portion of time, we actually had duplicative manufacturing capabilities to make sure that, that went smoothly. That obviously drove up some of the cost. The other thing was we're seeing very strong growth on the instrument side as compared to the consumables side. And of course, from the mix perspective, particularly on the gross margins side that's not as strong. So I think it was really a combination of those two things. But of course, the nice thing about getting the instruments out there, that drives a lot of our service revenue down the road. So we think that bodes well for good service growth in the future.
Ross Muken: Rob, you talked about sort of the intent to do some M&A, and you certainly made it known that you'd like to be active. I mean, in terms of the types of assets you're looking at in the pipeline, I think we have reasonable understanding of the strategic side, where you'd like to add the financial profile of these assets broadly. What are the sort of parameters you look at? And when thinking about it, how do size up the potential to do something that's maybe less accretive in the near-term but maybe strategically sound longer-term?
Robert Friel: I think, historically, Ross, we've focused on a couple of things, as you said, from a strategic perspective, which was really sort of building out the most attractive end markets with the real bias toward recurring revenue. So whether it's service, reagents, consumables, software from that perspective. Financially, I don't think you should expect where we do something significantly dilutive. I think if you look at historically, we've done some minor dilutions in a short period of time. But generally, beyond 12 months, it becomes accretive. So we're not looking to do something that would be significantly dilutive. I think the financial metrics we're looking at is obviously return on cash and return on invested capital. So we're looking at sort of IRI or return on invested capital, and trying to obviously be smart with the capital deployment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Knight with CLSA. Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Could you run through your share repurchase for me, Rob, or what your plan is? Or what you're willing to do here in '11?
Robert Friel: In the fourth quarter, we purchased, as we mentioned, 3 million shares which leaves 10 million shares in our buyback authorization that's currently in place. And so we factored in that capability to buy back those shares along with some acquisition opportunities that we had to come up with the $0.07 to $0.11 of incremental to the base business. I think we don't have a formalized program in place. We're buying in the open market, and I think at least at this stage, that's the plan. We want to give ourselves flexibility because there are some other opportunities out there as well. Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. And the announcement regarding your genetic sequencing service business, can you run through the rationale on that, that new business?
Robert Friel: Yes, so I mentioned a little bit previously, it's fundamentally two things. One is it's complementary to what we do in some of our businesses from the perspective of some of the front-end, we're using organic liquid handling, we're using some of our readers in that service. We also have some expertise around the software side. So that's one aspect of it. I think probably more importantly, strategically, we realized to be sort of increasingly relevant to our customers, particularly on the Human Health side. It's important for us have not only capability in protein analysis, but we also have capability in DNA biomarker analysis, so we're really trying to increase our capabilities in that area to be sort of helpful to our customers. Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. When do you think that's a meaningful revenue contributor, Rob?
Robert Friel: I think it will ramp up pretty nicely in 2011, but it probably won't be significant until probably 2012, 2013, I think in that timeframe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg with Macquarie.
Dane Leone: This is actually Dane in for Jon. I just have a few quick questions here. Just on the operating margin expansion expectations for 2011, is this more volume-driven? Or is there a kind of rationalization program that's driving that?
Robert Friel: I think it's a combination of the initiatives we've been talking about over the last four quarters, as well as obviously, some leverage from the mid-single-digit volume. I would say, if you had to handicap it to, it's probably slightly more from the initiatives that we have in place. Our plan would be to try to drive higher than the 75 to 100, and then use that to reinvest in growth initiatives, but I think if you were to split the two, it's just around 50-50 volume leverage, and maybe slightly more on the initiatives.
Dane Leone: And for 2011 growth, should we be thinking of any wildcard, potentially late-cycle businesses that could kick-in maybe on the industrial side?
Robert Friel: No, I don't think so. I mean, I think we're expecting industrial growth in sort of the mid-single-digits, it's sort of what we've experienced here clearly in the fourth quarter. So I think it'll be solid growth, but we're not expecting any significant rebound in any of our end markets.
Dane Leone: And just out of curiosity for the first quarter here, the month of January was particularly brutal weather-wise. Are you factoring any type of impact on the weather in your first quarter assumptions?
Robert Friel: No, because I think it's early enough in the quarter that to the extent that shipments were delayed, and we should be able to catch up during the quarter. So I would say this point, I wouldn't anticipate any issues with the weather.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Wood with Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard: This is Brandon Couillard in for Jon. Andy, can you give us a view in cash flow and CapEx expectations for next year? And what opportunities exist to rationalize excess working capital? And how should we think about those metrics trending in '11?
Frank Wilson: I think a couple of questions here, but I think on the first on CapEx, we're looking at CapEx at around $40 million. It typically runs around 2% of sales, maybe a little slightly less. We typically spend slightly under our expectations, so I think that's probably a pretty good number. As far as working capital, we initiated working capital targets in 2010. We started to make some progress, some systemic progress around really driving out inventory and accelerating our receivables. I think as we exited the year, we had little bit of an inventory build related to some new products, and we had a pretty big push of revenue in the fourth quarter, which impacted receivables. But I think it puts us in a position where we definitely feel strongly about our ability to bring down days, both inventory days and receivable days. It is a part of the compensation structure of the management, and it's something that Rob and I review on a monthly basis. And I think we are shooting for, I would say, a half a turn working capital as a goal. And hopefully, we can do better than that.
S. Brandon Couillard: And what are you assuming for M&A revenue contribution? And have you run the numbers based on the most recent FX rates? And then just to be clear, Andy, the $0.07 to $0.11 of EPS contribution from capital deployment, factors contribution from the M&A deal that have not been completed yet?
Frank Wilson: There is an assumption in there that it's kind of a bit of a hybrid of share repurchase and acquisition contribution. I think we feel pretty comfortable at this point that it will be a combination of the two. We're not at this point prepared to say it's going to be more of one than the other because the wildcard is our ability to consummate the acquisitions. And what was the first part of the question?
S. Brandon Couillard: The impact of acquisitions. Is this an acquisition that's actually completed?
Frank Wilson: The acquisition is already completed because it's fairly small. But as far as impact of acquisitions, that we have not consummated, we have nothing at the top line in the forecast.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Peter Lawson with Mizuho.
Peter Lawson: I'm just wondering if you could think through the news from Pfizer about the cut in R&D and how that's kind of built into the model? And how you are insulated potentially from these steep cuts in R&D from pharma?
Robert Friel: Well, as you know, Peter, this has been going on for a number of years now. So I don't think this has much of a dramatic impact on our thinking for 2011. I would say we assumed in 2011, a pretty soft pharma R&D growth with regard to the impact on our businesses anyway. And as I mentioned before, I mean, our approach has been, probably for the last year or two, to focus more and more on the academic market. And so I think we've been fairly conservative on our assumptions relative to pharma R&D growth. And I don't really see this having a dramatic impact on the forecast that we currently have.
Peter Lawson: And then you touched on Europe or academia. I mean, what's your outlook on the academic NIH spend?
Robert Friel: I mean, my sense is NIH has been fairly insulated from the budget pressures. And so our expectations, it'll continue to be funded fairly well, maybe not significant growth but I think it'll be sort of low single-digit growth in NIH funding. And not only are we -- feel good about the academic growth in the U.S. but I think also outside the U.S., particularly when you go in the emerging areas, I think there's some real good significant growth opportunity there.
Peter Lawson: So we should think about it more as that kind of emerging market growth...
Robert Friel: And developed. Yes, I think the emerging markets growth will clearly be greater than the developed market growth.
Peter Lawson: And then operating margins in the next couple of years, is there any reason why you couldn't get to that kind of 16%, 17% operating margin level?
Robert Friel: No, I mean, I think we feel fairly confident that when we look at the opportunities within the businesses, both from a cost standpoint, as well as the growth opportunities, that there isn't any reason why we shouldn't be able to get to those types of numbers. I think we've set a target of sort of close to 18% by 2014. And based on the progress we made in 2010 and looking at the plans in 2011, I think we feel good about getting there.
Operator: With no further questions in the queue, I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Rob Friel for closing remarks.
Robert Friel: Well, thank you all for your questions. So I feel great about the shape of the company as we enter 2010. We serve growing markets with leading market positions. We are stronger financially than we've been in many years, and we have talented, innovative people who are passionate about advancing the mission of the company, which is to improve Human and Environmental Health. I look forward to discussing our first quarter performance and how we're advancing against our strategic priorities during our next earnings call. Thank you again for your participation in today's call and continued interest in PerkinElmer. This call is now adjourned.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the PerkinElmer 2010 Quarter 1 earnings conference call. My name is Jonathan and Ill be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. We will conduct a question and answer session a question and answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) Id now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Francisco.
David C. Francisco: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Im Dave Francisco, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer for PerkinElmer. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.PerkinElmer.com or from our toll free Investor Hotline at 1-877-PKI-NYSE. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until May 20, 2010. Before we begin we need to we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we've outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represents our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent that we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you, Dave. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. Let me begin by saying that we are pleased by our first quarter financial performance. We started the year strong and believe that we are very well positioned strategically in attractive end markets and innovative technologies. Our results on the top line exceeded our expectations, as many of the most challenged markets in the economic downturn returned to growth in the quarter. We are particularly pleased with these results given the difficult comparisons from the first quarter of 2009, including the impact of the extra selling days that we had in the first quarter last year. Additionally we were able to significantly expand operating margins and generate strong growth in both adjusted earnings per share and cash flow. Amy will provide more details on the financial performance shortly. I would now like to share some of our first quarter highlights regarding progress on our key initiatives to increase the growth profile of the company and expand detection and prevention capabilities to advance human and environmental health. Starting with human health, we recently announced our intent to acquire Signature Genomic deepening our commitment to the diagnostics market. Signature brings complimentary services to our existing diagnostics profile with cutting edge cytogenetic technology providing unmatched accuracy and comprehensive [vista] results. In addition to complimenting our current business, Signature provides expansion opportunities in the diagnostic oncology with an offering that combines multiple key detection elements in a single assay. We launched our new backs-on-beads technology, a multi-plex diagnostic tool that can detect markers of multiple diseases from a single serum sample, to the European market this quarter with strong early receptivity resulting in key customer wins in large hospitals and labs. Additionally we are piloting a new diagnostic technology program for detecting severe combined immunodeficiency disorder or SCIDS. A primary deficiency in the immune system that results in the onset of serious infections, even life threatening ones, within the first few months of life. This pilot project for SCIDS screening provides significant opportunity going forward as it is expected to be the first edition to the next menu expansion of mandated newborn tests in U.S. markets. In our research business we have seen continued strength from our region portfolio including increased demand for our AlphaWise technology due primarily to the migration to biologic-based drug discovery research. We are finding that pre-clinical research laboratories are now standardizing their equipment around AlphaWise to aid in the detection of cardiovascular, cancer, diabetes, and neurological diseases. In environmental health, we continue to address critical environmental health and consumer safety concerns with market driven innovation and response to increased global regulatory mandates and the identification of new contaminants. In Asia [inaudible] regulatory enforcement has driven increased demand for environmental and food safety monitoring systems as this region migrates toward Western compliance standards. For instance, an effort to address food safety concerns in China, we are providing the government authority with more than 100 atomic absorption spectrometers for toxic-metal contamination testing. In addition, we are seeing strong demand trends in other developing regions within Southeast Asia to impose the stricter quality [work] standards. In regard to our strategic initiative to expand our mass spec capabilities, I am pleased to report that we have finalized the purchase of the remaining interests of the joint venture. Our continued commitment in innovation in this technology will provide our customers with solutions that support the analysis of component elements, trace elements, or contaminants in samples of interest leaning to improved products and applications to their end markets. The new Nexion IC-PMS system recently launched at Pittcon advances this trace element analysis with three modes of operation within one instrument creating a highly efficient lab environment. Additionally we have partnered with Abbott in the area of pathogen detection through the incorporation of our time-of-flight Mas-Tec technology and Abbotts Plex-ID Pathogen Detection system. The Plex-ID system can rapidly and accurately identify pathogens, as well as alert health officials to new disease strains, help guard against bio terrorism, and help hospitals identify antibiotic resistant bacteria in their facilities. In summary, we are pleased with our strong start to the year financially, as well as the progress made on our growth initiatives toward the advancement of human and environmental health. As mentioned, we are encouraged by the improving trends that we are seeing in our end markets as visibility slowly improves throughout our businesses. Given this, we have decided to increase our guidance reflecting our revised estimates for the full year of mid-single digit, organic revenue growth and adjusted earnings per share in the range of $1.43 to $1.48. I will now turn the call over to Andy to give more details on our Q1 performance and guidance.
Andy Wilson: Thank you, Rob. Good afternoon, everyone. I will now provide some additional color in our first quarter results. After my prepared remarks, we will open up the call for questions. Before moving into the financial details, I would like to clarify that whenever I talk about a particular measure being up or down, Im referring to an increase or decrease in that measure during the first quarter of 2010 compared to the first quarter of 2009. As Rob mentioned earlier, we were pleased with our financial performance in the first quarter as we were able to deliver solid revenue, earnings and cash-flow growth over the prior year, particularly considering the extra selling days during the first quarter of 2009. As discussed last year, the increased number of selling days in the baseline contributed to a couple of points of growth in the first quarter of 2009 and this growth had a disproportional impact on our service, reageant and consumable offerings. Revenue for the first quarter increased 7% as compared to the same period last year. The favorable impact of foreign exchange was 4%. The favorable impact from acquisitions was 1%. Therefore, organic revenue increased by 2% versus the prior year. The remaining revenue analyses in my prepared remarks will be presented net of the favorable impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions. By segment organic revenue increased by 2% and 3% in the human health and environmental health segments, respectfully. By geography organic revenue in the Americas was flat. Europe was up low-single digit and Asia grew at a low double-digit rate. Within the Asian region, organic revenue in China grew in the high teens. We experienced solid low double-digit growth in the emerging territories throughout southeast Asia. From an in-market perspective, PerkinElmers human health segment represented approximately 41% of total revenue in the quarter. Within human health we served two in-markets diagnostics, which represented 24% of total revenue and research with represented 17% of total revenue. Organic revenue from our diagnostics business grew at a mid single-digit rate for the first quarter with our medical imaging business returning to positive growth after considerable contraction in 2009. In the first quarter, organic revenue in our research business was flat as this business cycled up after a difficult comparison from the first quarter of 2009 growing low double-digit in the prior year. We did have [inaudible] demand in our reagent portfolio but this strength was offset by limited capital investment in our high-end instrumentation. The environmental health business represented 59% of our total revenue in the first quarter. Within environmental health we served 4 end markets; laboratory services, environmental, safety and security, and industrial. Our lab services business represented approximately 20% total revenue in the first quarter and organic revenue grew at a low single-digit rate. OneSource our customer-focused, multi-vendor offering maintained strong momentum proving another solid quarter of organic revenue growth. The environmental market represented approximately 17% of total revenue in the first quarter with organic revenue increasing at a mid single-digit rate. As Rob mentioned, we saw strong growth in Asia due to increased demand and response to local regulatory requirements, primarily around water quality migrating to western compliance standards. Additionally we experienced continued strong demand for our renewable energy offering, particularly in the development of photovoltaic cells used in solar panels. This growth was partially offset by continued capital constraints impacting some of our smaller customers. The safety and security market represented approximately 15% of total revenue in the first quarter with organic revenues increasing at a mid single-digit rate. We continue to see improving growth opportunities in food and consumer safety testing as regulatory requirements around the world become more stringent and safety concerns extend to food additives and packaging materials. Additionally in the quarter, we saw continued strong demand for our thermal power sensors in response to the H1N1 virus. Lastly, we are beginning to see signs of recovery in extra [inaudible] offerings related to fire protection and intrusion alarms as the housing market stabilizes. Industrial markets represented approximately 7% total revenue in the first quarter and organic revenues increased at a low single-digit rate. We are encouraged to see these markets begin to stabilize and return to growth. We continue to see traction in chemical opportunities as well as materials prioritization primarily related to research on new materials. Turning to our financial performance, adjusted operating margins were up 100 basis points in the quarter, primarily due to successful ongoing cost initiatives and volume leverage. GAAP operating profit was $39.4 million in the first quarter of 2010 versus $25.3 million in the first quarter of 2009. Adjusted operating profit was $55.6 million versus $48 million in the first quarter of 2009. For the first quarter, we had an effective tax rate of 27.6% on a reported basis versus a previously communicated tax rate of 29% as we experienced a positive shift in the geographic mix of income. GAAP for EPS for continuing operations in the first quarter of 2010 was $0.22 compared to $0.13 in the first quarter of 2009. Adjusted EPS was $0.31 in the first quarter of 2010, up 19% from the prior year. Regarding our weighted-average diluted share account, we had 117.9 million shares outstanding in the quarter, which was up substantially by approximately 1 million shares due to the issuance under existing stock compensation plans. Turning to the balance sheet, we finished the first quarter with approximately $347 million net debt, which we defined as short and long-term debt minus cash. This reflects a decrease and adjusted net debt of approximately $66 million as compared to the prior year. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $182 million of cash. Looking at our cash flow performance for the quarter, operating cash flow from continuing operations was $52.1 million, this compared to $18 million in the first quarter of 2009. If you remember the call on the first of 2009, we reduced the amount drawn under our accounts receivable securization facility by $10 million resulting in an unfavorable impact to operating cash flow in the quarter. The remaining year-over-year increase and operating cash flow was primarily attributable to solid working capital performance as well as the timing of tax payments. Working capital turns for the quarter improved slightly year-over-year. In summary, we are pleased with our financial performance for the quarter, driving strong earnings growth and solid cash flow generation and we are encouraged by the trends we are seeing in our assertive markets. Let me now discuss our 2010 guidance and provide some further detail. Regarding invested earnings per share, we incorporated 4 key elements into our full-year outlook. First, we now anticipate full-year revenues to grow organically at a mid single-digit rate versus our previously communicated low to mid single digit growth expectation with the second quarter growing mid-to-high single digits. Second, given the traction that we experience in our modern expansion efforts in the first quarter, we are raising the low end of our forecasted improvement by 25 basis points and now expect adjusted operating margins to increase by 75 to 100 basis points for the full year. Third, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 200 basis points lower than we previously communicated primarily due to more favorable geographic distribution of income and anticipated beneficial tax legislation. Fourth, offsetting these upsides is a couple of pennies of expected dilution from the acquisition of Signature Genomics. Bringing all of these factors together, we now estimate our full adjusted earnings per share for 2010 to be in the range of $1.43 to $1.48 versus our previously communicated range of $1.35 to $1.42 with adjusted earnings per share for the second quarter expected to be in the range of $0.32 to $0.34. Once again, we are pleased with our financial performance in the quarter. It is clearly a solid start to the year, particularly given the strong baseline for the first quarter of 2009. That is the end of my prepared remarks. So now I would like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David Francisco: Thank you, Andy. Operator at this time, I would like to open the call to any questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank
Ross Muken: If we look at the human health business and obviously you had the tough days comp, which is probably more exacerbated than some of those consumable businesses. Are we able to tease out part of that impact to see what the current run rate is for some of the pieces that were probably most hit last year? Also, I guess, that probably is true on the service piece?
Robert F. Friel: Yes Ross. I would say on the human health side we probably would think that those businesses grew sort of in the mid single-digits if you are thinking about training business and the research business. As Andy mentioned, we did see pretty good growth out of the medical imaging business. I would say that is less impacted by the days. So I would say that probably didnt have much of a material impact on that business but I think on the screening business and the research business. I would say that it is probably 4 or 5 percentage points.
Ross Muken: As we look at the cyclical businesses, I mean we finally started to see some growth in environmental as well as in safety in security and industrial. If you sort of had to tease out in their late to early cycle type customers how big would the differentials and ordering patterns and revenue growth?
Robert F. Friel: Well you know I think clearly the growth is coming from the early cycle customers. I think the late cycle customers are probably going to be back half of 2010 is our sense right now. But having said that its fairly broad based across most of the industries that we play to. Were seeing sequential growth in probably every market that we sell into.
Ross Muken: And if you sort of to just quickly follow up on that characterize your business between early and late in those three segments what would be the split?
Robert F. Friel: You know I dont know that I can give you a great split on that other than to say- [crosstalk] --its probably pretty evenly split quite frankly.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Lawson  Thomas Weisel Partners.
Peter Lawson: Congratulations on a strong quarter and just if you can talk about the tone youre seeing from the bio pharma..
Robert F. Friel: So, I would see in the bio pharma we continue to see good growth on the [inaudible] side. Some of that is new products or products offering but I think as weve felt in the past we continue to see increased use of the regions from an experimentation. We continue to see good growth on the service side. Other pharmaceuticals we saw good growth in one source continued in Q1. I would say the area where there continues to be a reluctance to spend CapEx and we didnt see much of a change to that in Q1 and [inaudible] you mentioned particularly on a high and instrumentation was actually down in the quarter for us so I would say regions and service looks good. CapEx continues to be constrained.
Peter Lawson: And then on the industrial businesses which end markets have really [inaudible]?
Robert F. Friel: So, for us we saw good growth on the environmental side. We saw good growth on the food safety side. I would spike those two out as probably the areas of the strongest strength in the quarter.
Andy Wilson: I would say we saw sequential improvement pretty much across all of our end markets.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, it was pretty broad based but I would say those are the areas where we experience the most significant improvement.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Groberg  Macquarie Capital.
Jon Groberg: So, maybe you can just first start off on [inaudible] a little bit your operating margin expansion targets for the year. Is that mainly just driven by slightly better organic growth or is there anything else maybe you can discuss in terms of raising it?
Andy Wilson: I think we do see a little bit of leverage out of raising the bottom end of our growth expectation. But I think as we talked about over the last couple of quarters weve implemented or in the process of implementing even more cost initiatives that I think will continue to help us expand margins over the next several years. So, I think we did see some good tracks in the first quarter so it gave us a bit of confidence that this was taking hold and so we did feel comfortable taking it up from the 50 to 100 to 75 to 100 so, Id say its a little bit of a combination of both.
Jon Groberg: Andy, just in the first quarter here I mean youve kind of talked about a kind of a multi-year opportunity in the first quarter what were some of the more significant areas that you made some [inaudible] in?
Andy Wilson: Well I think as we talked before we are spending a lot of time really looking at areas where PerkinElmer can add value at a corporate level so we saw some initial benefits out of our logistics. Were starting to see some early opportunities within supply chain. So, I think its still early days but I think that those two were the primary drivers and so I think we should continue to see those levels of margin expansion going forward.
Jon Groberg: Okay. And then if I can kind of talk the [inaudible] and I dont know if you get around 40% of your sales from Europe. Can you maybe just discuss kind of current thinking with respect to if we are to continue to see a downward spiral in the Euro itself and maybe just kind of what was unique to what you said rather than to what most everyone else said was that Europe was actually up and the Americas was flat and thats kind of different to what most of the other peers have been saying. So maybe just kind of talk about what youre seeing in Europe?
Andy Wilson: You know we saw a slight growth in Europe and maybe its because of a different customer or product mix that we have. And I would see for Q2 weve got somewhere expectations may be even a little bit better than what we saw in Q1. From a currency standpoint as you know while it impacts us on a top line were fairly well balanced from a distribution of cost and revenues so it shouldnt have a significant impact on the bottom line. It had some, clearly, but not significant. So I would say we just have to wait and see. Obviously the last couple of days has been fairly dramatic so, well just have to see what impact that has on the broader economy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quintin Lai  Robert W. Baird.
Quintin Lai: Congratulations on a nice start to the year guys. As you look at the raised guidance for the year Rob, is that incremental contribution coming from both segments or do you think its coming from one segment more so than the other?
Robert F. Friel: No I think its fairly broad based. So, I would say its equally distributed between environmental human health and of course Andy also mentioned the fact that our tax rate is going back to where it was in sort of 07/08 time frame as our geographic distribution goes back to the split that we saw during that period of time. So, I would say its evenly split for around those, both businesses as well as some improvement in the tax rate.
Quintin Lai: Super. And then what do you expect for your diagnostics business. Imaging is up. Can you provide a little update on how genetic screening and corporate banking went?
Robert F. Friel: So, genetic screening and [corbol] were sort of roughly flat some sort of low single sort of flat. And again I think thats a little distorted because of those are two businesses that its dramatically impacted by the [inaudible] I mean its really sort of a flow business if you will. I think the other thing to keep in mind that we did have a pretty good first quarter 2009. So, our expectations is when you look at the half those businesses will be mid to high single digits.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Jeff Erris  Lyrics One].
[Jeff Erris: I guess just looking at the raised guidance and where we are today and over the last 2 months. What was your biggest surprise coming out of the fourth quarter called [inaudible] and how has your visibility changed as weve progressed through the year?
Robert F. Friel: I would say its the three things that Andy mentioned so clearly the revenue was stronger that we thought and so were taking our revenue [inaudible] up. I think that was attributed to it. The second thing was we seem to be getting good traction on some of the productivity actions weve put in place so clearly taking the margin side up as I mentioned before. As were starting to return to a more I would say normalized income distribution geographically that was a contributor. So, I think all three of those of which we didnt have great visibility in Q4. And so I would say those are the ones that are really driving our increased confidence and decision to take the [inaudible] up.
[Jeff Erris: I guess focusing more on the revenue guidance and moving it towards the higher end of what it was before. How the pacing throughout the quarter and it is more the more the cyclical industry is doing a little bit better as we got through the year?
Robert F. Friel: Well if youre talking about specifically in the quarter I think the areas where we were pleasantly surprised was probably clinging on the [inaudible] imaging side. I think Q1 09 was actually not too bad of a quarter so we felt wed actually be down. In the first quarter of 2010 as I mentioned that actually grew. And then I would say in some of the applied markets we saw a little stronger strength as we went through the quarter and then consequently gives us the confidence to take the revenue guidance up.
[Jeff Erris: And then just lastly real quick. The signature that you guys acquired did you guys are you given any financial information or are you willing to give revenue contribution expectations outside of $0.02 [inaudible]?
Robert F. Friel: So just to be clear we havent closed on it yet. Weve announced that its probably going to close there in a couple of weeks and, but I mean just general financial parameters I think we did its about $20 million in revenue and it sort of breaks even.
Operator: Gentlemen your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin  UBS.
Derik De Bruin: You know you had a $0.04 contribution from FX on the top line. What was the bottom line impact? I guess as the Euro moves around is there like a rule of thumb we can use for the company by every 1% move in currencies impacts the EPS by x amount?
Robert F. Friel: Generally just based on our distribution where our revenue expenses. The impact EPS has been [inaudible]
Andy Wilson: It was less than a 0.01 this quarter just to give you a perspective. Maybe like 0.05 or something like that so not significant. Its a little hard Derik because obviously it depends a little bit on what currencies move whether its Euro or Yan or etc. But generally it hasnt been a dramatic impact either way from a bottom line perspective. Like I said in this case which was a fairly big move on the top line of 4%. It was about 0.05.
Derik De Bruin: And I guess just looking at the news today I mean one of your big competitors in the prenatal market is looking at exploring options for that business. Can you just talk about what your share is in the prenatal screening business and where you are in terms of developing technologies [inaudible] invasive. Applications [inaudible] for prenatal screening.
Robert F. Friel: Ill talk about the first question. Id rather not want to talk about the second, but other than to say were doing a lot of work in that area. But I would say when you think about 4 million births in the US. Were doing probably about 450 thousand. Now of course not all those necessarily are getting trained for prenatal, but I would say youre probably talking about 50% or 60% of births getting some kind of prenatal screening. So, weve probably got 25%, 30% market share.
Derik De Bruin: And I guess where are we in the marker built in. Have most States gone to standard set or is there still some States thats still got [inaudible] I think
Robert F. Friel: I think when you look the US every State right now does at least 20 or greater. And you the Standard of Care is 29. But I would say were effectively there from the standpoint of States doing the Standard of Care. Thats why I sort of pointed out the [inaudible] test because we think thats going to be probably the next addition to the Standard of Care. Maybe were a year away from this but I think well start to see some increases to the Standard of Care taking the menu up. But if you look at the US right now all the States are like I said doing at least 20.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And then just one final question, well actually two questions. Has there been any surprises in the services business just given some of the consolidation issues going on pharma and also from that perspective are you starting to see or pharma accounts starting to reorder replacement equipment?
Robert F. Friel: So I would the first question which is that weve seen much change in service I would say no. We continue to see fairly robust interest and the sort of one source model or the outsource you know the maintenance of the lab so that continues to go I would say unabated. On the other area its a little difficult as you know to characterize all pharma. It varies significantly by customer. I would say weve seen some instances of it but its still fairly rare at least for our products were not seeing a significant pick up in CapEx orders from an instrumentation perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Hawkins - Stifel Nicolaus.
Robert Hawkins: Can you explain a little bit on the [inaudible] launch and give us a sense of timing and magnitude of launch and this is part of the longer term I guess amino screening process. Can you go over how you envision that rolling out over the next few years?
Robert F. Friel: Actually its right now in sort of a test phase in one State and we expect that will probably take a couple of quarters. Generally what youll see is if it gets adopted in one State it seems to catch on and as I said our expectation is probably in 2011. We would like to see this added to the Standard of Care menu. From a revenue potential if it gets added to a menu its probably $20 million to $25 million just to give you a sort of calibrate [inaudible] perspective.
Robert Hawkins: And as you talk about this as a component of this I think you mentioned something like 50 some other test. Is this a quarter, a tenth, and is that, you said 2011, so is that one year and then 2012 is another piece of this? I am trying to
Robert F. Freil: I think you will see, as we go out, more [inaudible] layered on [inaudible] is one we talked about. I think also the next panel will be around sort of LSDs. So I think as you go out, you will continue to add on to the panels. Our view is that eventually, you will go from 29 to close to 50.
Andy Wilson: The European growth demand. Is most of that screening and diagnostics so therefore this [inaudible] is less [inaudible] so currency is going to be less of an impact? On that area of diagnostic, whether it is European or U.S., there has been a 2% to 4% drop in birthrates kind of worldwide. Does that make much of an impact or is there just so much of the adoption [inaudible] that still has to happen that you dont even see it?
Robert F. Freil: So in your first question, the European growth that we saw was sort of broad-based. We do have a big screening business in Europe, but our other businesses also saw growth in Europe as well. Your second point is while we have seen a reduced birthrate in the U.S., I do not believe we are seeing a reduced birthrate globally. In fact, I think global birthrates are actually up.
Robert Hawkins: Just one final piece to clarify on that. Is it enough to, say, bring the divisions growth rate down a couple hundred basis points on that type of drop from [inaudible] standpoint, or is it something you do not even really see?
Robert F. Freil: I do not know that we would see it. I mean, on the margin, it might have a minor impact specifically on a newborns screening business. Of course, that is not a huge piece of the total company. So I think the fact that birthrates come down in the U.S. [inaudible] a couple points, I do not think you would see it in the PerkinElmer number.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tony Butler  Barclays Capital.
Tony Butler: Rob, your comment about imaging was very encouraging, though I am trying to rectify that with what I understood GE to say that given the imaging budget [inaudible] that they saw, they claim that may not last. So Im curious what your outlook may be for diagnostic imaging for the full year, but most importantly, what kind of visibility do you have? Do you have visibility for the full year or is it just simply on a quarter-to-quarter basis?
Robert F. Freil: First of all, when GE talks about their imaging business, it includes much more modalities than what we sell into it and I think we have talked about it before. We basically provide them x-ray panels and, of course, they have numerous other modalities. So its a little difficult sometimes to triangulate what they say with what we are seeing. The other point I would make is, you know, GE is less than 50% of our business now in medical imaging so, again, while it has a significant impact, there are a lot of other important customers that are impacting our growth rates as well. But having said that, I would say with the visibility that we have is bookings in place and we can probably look out with pretty good confidence one quarter and I would say increasing confidence in at least 6 months. So thats what we are sort of basing it on. But youre right. This thing could turn based on what happens with hospital budgets but based on the bookings in place we see now, I think we feel confident that this business will experience positive growth in 2010.
Tony Butler: Really helpful, thank you. One additional question from a geographic perspective. Some other peers of yours have had really good quarters out of Japan. I dont think I heard Japan being a stellar growth opportunity for you. Am I incorrect?
Robert F. Freil: Japan was an improvement for us relative to 2009, but its not a huge piece of business for us. But it was positive, I recall, [inaudible] single digits.
Tony Butler: Last question. Your sort of long-term guidance is $3 billion. Im just curious if you could speculate a little bit as to what area would be [inaudible] being environmental even quite frankly within [inaudible] diagnostics. Which area would you think outperforms the most? Could you characterize one particular area over another?
Robert F. Freil: Hopefully they all outperform. But I think diagnostics probably has a greater opportunity at least just from a macrotrend perspective, so I would think thats one that if I had to pick one, I would say probably the diagnostics area.
Operator: That was our final question. I would like to hand the call back to Mr. Robert Freil, CEO for closing remarks.
Robert F. Freil: I thank you for your questions. So going forward, we will continue to focus on three key areas: first, to increase the growth profile of the company; second, to continue to invest in new and innovative technologies for better detection and prevention in human and environmental health; and third, to continue to achieve good financial returns through strong cash flow and a focused approach on driving operating margin improvement. I look forward to updating you on our progress against these priorities during our second quarter earnings call. Thank you for participation in todays call and continued interest in PerkinElmer. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. The conference is now ended. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the PerkinElmer 2010 Quarter 1 earnings conference call.  My name is Jonathan and Ill be your operator for today.  At this time all participants are in a listen only mode.  We will conduct a question and answer session a question and answer session towards the end of this conference.  (Operator Instructions) Id now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Francisco.
David C. Francisco: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer first quarter 2010 earnings conference call.  Im Dave Francisco, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer for PerkinElmer.  With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.PerkinElmer.com or from our toll free Investor Hotline at 1-877-PKI-NYSE.  Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until May 20, 2010. Before we begin we need to we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we've outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represents our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent that we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you, Dave. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today.  Let me begin by saying that we are pleased by our first quarter financial performance. We started the year strong and believe that we are very well positioned strategically in attractive end markets and innovative technologies. Our results on the top line exceeded our expectations, as many of the most challenged markets in the economic downturn returned to growth in the quarter.  We are particularly pleased with these results given the difficult comparisons from the first quarter of 2009, including the impact of the extra selling days that we had in the first quarter last year. Additionally we were able to significantly expand operating margins and generate strong growth in both adjusted earnings per share and cash flow.  Amy will provide more details on the financial performance shortly.  I would now like to share some of our first quarter highlights regarding progress on our key initiatives to increase the growth profile of the company and expand detection and prevention capabilities to advance human and environmental health. Starting with human health, we recently announced our intent to acquire Signature Genomic deepening our commitment to the diagnostics market.  Signature brings complimentary services to our existing diagnostics profile with cutting edge cytogenetic technology providing unmatched accuracy and comprehensive [vista] results. In addition to complimenting our current business, Signature provides expansion opportunities in the diagnostic oncology with an offering that combines multiple key detection elements in a single assay.  We launched our new backs-on-beads technology, a multi-plex diagnostic tool that can detect markers of multiple diseases from a single serum sample, to the European market this quarter with strong early receptivity resulting in key customer wins in large hospitals and labs. Additionally we are piloting a new diagnostic technology program for detecting severe combined immunodeficiency disorder or SCIDS.  A primary deficiency in the immune system that results in the onset of serious infections, even life threatening ones, within the first few months of life. This pilot project for SCIDS screening provides significant opportunity going forward as it is expected to be the first edition to the next menu expansion of mandated newborn tests in U.S. markets. In our research business we have seen continued strength from our region portfolio including increased demand for our AlphaWise technology due primarily to the migration to biologic-based drug discovery research. We are finding that pre-clinical research laboratories are now standardizing their equipment around AlphaWise to aid in the detection of cardiovascular, cancer, diabetes, and neurological diseases. In environmental health, we continue to address critical environmental health and consumer safety concerns with market driven innovation and response to increased global regulatory mandates and the identification of new contaminants. In Asia [inaudible] regulatory enforcement has driven increased demand for environmental and food safety monitoring systems as this region migrates toward Western compliance standards.  For instance, an effort to address food safety concerns in China, we are providing the government authority with more than 100 atomic absorption spectrometers for toxic-metal contamination testing. In addition, we are seeing strong demand trends in other developing regions within Southeast Asia to impose the stricter quality [work] standards.  In regard to our strategic initiative to expand our mass spec capabilities, I am pleased to report that we have finalized the purchase of the remaining interests of the joint venture. Our continued commitment in innovation in this technology will provide our customers with solutions that support the analysis of component elements, trace elements, or contaminants in samples of interest leaning to improved products and applications to their end markets. The new Nexion IC-PMS system recently launched at Pittcon advances this trace element analysis with three modes of operation within one instrument creating a highly efficient lab environment.  Additionally we have partnered with Abbott in the area of pathogen detection through the incorporation of our time-of-flight Mas-Tec technology and Abbotts Plex-ID Pathogen Detection system. The Plex-ID system can rapidly and accurately identify pathogens, as well as alert health officials to new disease strains, help guard against bio terrorism, and help hospitals identify antibiotic resistant bacteria in their facilities. In summary, we are pleased with our strong start to the year financially, as well as the progress made on our growth initiatives toward the advancement of human and environmental health.  As mentioned, we are encouraged by the improving trends that we are seeing in our end markets as visibility slowly improves throughout our businesses. Given this, we have decided to increase our guidance reflecting our revised estimates for the full year of mid-single digit, organic revenue growth and adjusted earnings per share in the range of $1.43 to $1.48. I will now turn the call over to Andy to give more details on our Q1 performance and guidance.
Andy Wilson: Thank you, Rob. Good afternoon, everyone. I will now provide some additional color in our first quarter results.  After my prepared remarks, we will open up the call for questions. Before moving into the financial details, I would like to clarify that whenever I talk about a particular measure being up or down, Im referring to an increase or decrease in that measure during the first quarter of 2010 compared to the first quarter of 2009. As Rob mentioned earlier, we were pleased with our financial performance in the first quarter as we were able to deliver solid revenue, earnings and cash-flow growth over the prior year, particularly considering the extra selling days during the first quarter of 2009. As discussed last year, the increased number of selling days in the baseline contributed to a couple of points of growth in the first quarter of 2009 and this growth had a disproportional impact on our service, reageant and consumable offerings. Revenue for the first quarter increased 7% as compared to the same period last year.  The favorable impact of foreign exchange was 4%.  The favorable impact from acquisitions was 1%.  Therefore, organic revenue increased by 2% versus the prior year.  The remaining revenue analyses in my prepared remarks will be presented net of the favorable impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions. By segment organic revenue increased by 2% and 3% in the human health and environmental health segments, respectfully.  By geography organic revenue in the Americas was flat.  Europe was up low-single digit and Asia grew at a low double-digit rate.  Within the Asian region, organic revenue in China grew in the high teens.  We experienced solid low double-digit growth in the emerging territories throughout southeast Asia. From an in-market perspective, PerkinElmers human health segment represented approximately 41% of total revenue in the quarter.  Within human health we served two in-markets diagnostics, which represented 24% of total revenue and research with represented 17% of total revenue. Organic revenue from our diagnostics business grew at a mid single-digit rate for the first quarter with our medical imaging business returning to positive growth after considerable contraction in 2009. In the first quarter, organic revenue in our research business was flat as this business cycled up after a difficult comparison from the first quarter of 2009 growing low double-digit in the prior year.  We did have [inaudible] demand in our reagent portfolio but this strength was offset by limited capital investment in our high-end instrumentation. The environmental health business represented 59% of our total revenue in the first quarter.  Within environmental health we served 4 end markets; laboratory services, environmental, safety and security, and industrial.  Our lab services business represented approximately 20% total revenue in the first quarter and organic revenue grew at a low single-digit rate. OneSource our customer-focused, multi-vendor offering maintained strong momentum proving another solid quarter of organic revenue growth.  The environmental market represented approximately 17% of total revenue in the first quarter with organic revenue increasing at a mid single-digit rate. As Rob mentioned, we saw strong growth in Asia due to increased demand and response to local regulatory requirements, primarily around water quality migrating to western compliance standards.  Additionally we experienced continued strong demand for our renewable energy offering, particularly in the development of photovoltaic cells used in solar panels. This growth was partially offset by continued capital constraints impacting some of our smaller customers.  The safety and security market represented approximately 15% of total revenue in the first quarter with organic revenues increasing at a mid single-digit rate. We continue to see improving growth opportunities in food and consumer safety testing as regulatory requirements around the world become more stringent and safety concerns extend to food additives and packaging materials.  Additionally in the quarter, we saw continued strong demand for our thermal power sensors in response to the H1N1 virus. Lastly, we are beginning to see signs of recovery in extra [inaudible] offerings related to fire protection and intrusion alarms as the housing market stabilizes.  Industrial markets represented approximately 7% total revenue in the first quarter and organic revenues increased at a low single-digit rate. We are encouraged to see these markets begin to stabilize and return to growth.  We continue to see traction in chemical opportunities as well as materials prioritization primarily related to research on new materials. Turning to our financial performance, adjusted operating margins were up 100 basis points in the quarter, primarily due to successful ongoing cost initiatives and volume leverage.  GAAP operating profit was $39.4 million in the first quarter of 2010 versus $25.3 million in the first quarter of 2009.  Adjusted operating profit was $55.6 million versus $48 million in the first quarter of 2009. For the first quarter, we had an effective tax rate of 27.6% on a reported basis versus a previously communicated tax rate of 29% as we experienced a positive shift in the geographic mix of income.  GAAP for EPS for continuing operations in the first quarter of 2010 was $0.22 compared to $0.13 in the first quarter of 2009.  Adjusted EPS was $0.31 in the first quarter of 2010, up 19% from the prior year. Regarding our weighted-average diluted share account, we had 117.9 million shares outstanding in the quarter, which was up substantially by approximately 1 million shares due to the issuance under existing stock compensation plans. Turning to the balance sheet, we finished the first quarter with approximately $347 million net debt, which we defined as short and long-term debt minus cash.  This reflects a decrease and adjusted net debt of approximately $66 million as compared to the prior year.  At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $182 million of cash. Looking at our cash flow performance for the quarter, operating cash flow from continuing operations was $52.1 million, this compared to $18 million in the first quarter of 2009.  If you remember the call on the first of 2009, we reduced the amount drawn under our accounts receivable securization facility by $10 million resulting in an unfavorable impact to operating cash flow in the quarter. The remaining year-over-year increase and operating cash flow was primarily attributable to solid working capital performance as well as the timing of tax payments.  Working capital turns for the quarter improved slightly year-over-year. In summary, we are pleased with our financial performance for the quarter, driving strong earnings growth and solid cash flow generation and we are encouraged by the trends we are seeing in our assertive markets. Let me now discuss our 2010 guidance and provide some further detail.  Regarding invested earnings per share, we incorporated 4 key elements into our full-year outlook.  First, we now anticipate full-year revenues to grow organically at a mid single-digit rate versus our previously communicated low to mid single digit growth expectation with the second quarter growing mid-to-high single digits. Second, given the traction that we experience in our modern expansion efforts in the first quarter, we are raising the low end of our forecasted improvement by 25 basis points and now expect adjusted operating margins to increase by 75 to 100 basis points for the full year. Third, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 200 basis points lower than we previously communicated primarily due to more favorable geographic distribution of income and anticipated beneficial tax legislation. Fourth, offsetting these upsides is a couple of pennies of expected dilution from the acquisition of Signature Genomics.  Bringing all of these factors together, we now estimate our full adjusted earnings per share for 2010 to be in the range of $1.43 to $1.48 versus our previously communicated range of $1.35 to $1.42 with adjusted earnings per share for the second quarter expected to be in the range of $0.32 to $0.34. Once again, we are pleased with our financial performance in the quarter.  It is clearly a solid start to the year, particularly given the strong baseline for the first quarter of 2009. That is the end of my prepared remarks. So now I would like to turn the call back over to Dave.
David Francisco: Thank you, Andy.  Operator at this time, I would like to open the call to any questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  Your first question comes from the line of Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank
Ross Muken: If we look at the human health business and obviously you had the tough days comp, which is probably more exacerbated than some of those consumable businesses.  Are we able to tease out part of that impact to see what the current run rate is for some of the pieces that were probably most hit last year?  Also, I guess, that probably is true on the service piece?
Robert F. Friel: Yes Ross.  I would say on the human health side we probably would think that those businesses grew sort of in the mid single-digits if you are thinking about training business and the research business.  As Andy mentioned, we did see pretty good growth out of the medical imaging business.  I would say that is less impacted by the days.  So I would say that probably didnt have much of a material impact on that business but I think on the screening business and the research business.  I would say that it is probably 4 or 5 percentage points.
Ross Muken: As we look at the cyclical businesses, I mean we finally started to see some growth in environmental as well as in safety in security and industrial.  If you sort of had to tease out in their late to early cycle type customers how big would the differentials and ordering patterns and revenue growth?
Robert F. Friel: Well you know I think clearly the growth is coming from the early cycle customers.  I think the late cycle customers are probably going to be back half of 2010 is our sense right now.  But having said that its fairly broad based across most of the industries that we play to. Were seeing sequential growth in probably every market that we sell into.
Ross Muken: And if you sort of to just quickly follow up on that characterize your business between early and late in those three segments what would be the split?
Robert F. Friel: You know I dont know that I can give you a great split on that other than to say- [crosstalk] --its probably pretty evenly split quite frankly.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Lawson  Thomas Weisel Partners.
Peter Lawson: Congratulations on a strong quarter and just if you can talk about the tone youre seeing from the bio pharma..
Robert F. Friel: So, I would see in the bio pharma we continue to see good growth on the [inaudible] side.  Some of that is new products or products offering but I think as weve felt in the past we continue to see increased use of the regions from an experimentation.  We continue to see good growth on the service side.  Other pharmaceuticals we saw good growth in one source continued in Q1. I would say the area where there continues to be a reluctance to spend CapEx and we didnt see much of a change to that in Q1 and [inaudible] you mentioned particularly on a high and instrumentation was actually down in the quarter for us so I would say regions and service looks good.  CapEx continues to be constrained.
Peter Lawson: And then on the industrial businesses which end markets have really [inaudible]?
Robert F. Friel: So, for us we saw good growth on the environmental side.  We saw good growth on the food safety side.  I would spike those two out as probably the areas of the strongest strength in the quarter.
Andy Wilson: I would say we saw sequential improvement pretty much across all of our end markets.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, it was pretty broad based but I would say those are the areas where we experience the most significant improvement.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Groberg  Macquarie Capital.
Jon Groberg: So, maybe you can just first start off on [inaudible] a little bit your operating margin expansion targets for the year.  Is that mainly just driven by slightly better organic growth or is there anything else maybe you can discuss in terms of raising it?
Andy Wilson: I think we do see a little bit of leverage out of raising the bottom end of our growth expectation.  But I think as we talked about over the last couple of quarters weve implemented or in the process of implementing even more cost initiatives that I think will continue to help us expand margins over the next several years. So, I think we did see some good tracks in the first quarter so it gave us a bit of confidence that this was taking hold and so we did feel comfortable taking it up from the 50 to 100 to 75 to 100 so, Id say its a little bit of a combination of both.
Jon Groberg: Andy, just in the first quarter here I mean youve kind of talked about a kind of a multi-year opportunity in the first quarter what were some of the more significant areas that you made some [inaudible] in?
Andy Wilson: Well I think as we talked before we are spending a lot of time really looking at areas where PerkinElmer can add value at a corporate level so we saw some initial benefits out of our logistics.  Were starting to see some early opportunities within supply chain.  So, I think its still early days but I think that those two were the primary drivers and so I think we should continue to see those levels of margin expansion going forward.
Jon Groberg: Okay.  And then if I can kind of talk the [inaudible] and I dont know if you get around 40% of your sales from Europe.  Can you maybe just discuss kind of current thinking with respect to if we are to continue to see a downward spiral in the Euro itself and maybe just kind of what was unique to what you said rather than to what most everyone else said was that Europe was actually up and the Americas was flat and thats kind of different to what most of the other peers have been saying.  So maybe just kind of talk about what youre seeing in Europe?
Andy Wilson: You know we saw a slight growth in Europe and maybe its because of a different customer or product mix that we have.  And I would see for Q2 weve got somewhere expectations may be even a little bit better than what we saw in Q1. From a currency standpoint as you know while it impacts us on a top line were fairly well balanced from a distribution of cost and revenues so it shouldnt have a significant impact on the bottom line.  It had some, clearly, but not significant.  So I would say we just have to wait and see.  Obviously the last couple of days has been fairly dramatic so, well just have to see what impact that has on the broader economy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quintin Lai  Robert W. Baird.
Quintin Lai: Congratulations on a nice start to the year guys.  As you look at the raised guidance for the year Rob, is that incremental contribution coming from both segments or do you think its coming from one segment more so than the other?
Robert F. Friel: No I think its fairly broad based.  So, I would say its equally distributed between environmental human health and of course Andy also mentioned the fact that our tax rate is going back to where it was in sort of 07/08 time frame as our geographic distribution goes back to the split that we saw during that period of time.  So, I would say its evenly split for around those, both businesses as well as some improvement in the tax rate.
Quintin Lai: Super.  And then what do you expect for your diagnostics business.  Imaging is up.  Can you provide a little update on how genetic screening and corporate banking went?
Robert F. Friel: So, genetic screening and [corbol] were sort of roughly flat some sort of low single sort of flat. And again I think thats a little distorted because of those are two businesses that its dramatically impacted by the [inaudible]  I mean its really sort of a flow business if you will. I think the other thing to keep in mind that we did have a pretty good first quarter 2009.  So, our expectations is when you look at the half those businesses will be mid to high single digits.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Jeff Erris  Lyrics One].
[Jeff Erris: I guess just looking at the raised guidance and where we are today and over the last 2 months.  What was your biggest surprise coming out of the fourth quarter called [inaudible] and how has your visibility changed as weve progressed through the year?
Robert F. Friel: I would say its the three things that Andy mentioned so clearly the revenue was stronger that we thought and so were taking our revenue [inaudible] up.  I think that was attributed to it.  The second thing was we seem to be getting good traction on some of the productivity actions weve put in place so clearly taking the margin side up as I mentioned before. As were starting to return to a more I would say normalized income distribution geographically that was a contributor.  So, I think all three of those of which we didnt have great visibility in Q4.  And so I would say those are the ones that are really driving our increased confidence and decision to take the [inaudible] up.
[Jeff Erris: I guess focusing more on the revenue guidance and moving it towards the higher end of what it was before.  How the pacing throughout the quarter and it is more the more the cyclical industry is doing a little bit better as we got through the year?
Robert F. Friel: Well if youre talking about specifically in the quarter I think the areas where we were pleasantly surprised was probably clinging on the [inaudible] imaging side.  I think Q1 09 was actually not too bad of a quarter so we felt wed actually be down.  In the first quarter of 2010 as I mentioned that actually grew.  And then I would say in some of the applied markets we saw a little stronger strength as we went through the quarter and then consequently gives us the confidence to take the revenue guidance up.
[Jeff Erris: And then just lastly real quick.  The signature that you guys acquired did you guys are you given any financial information or are you willing to give revenue contribution expectations outside of $0.02 [inaudible]?
Robert F. Friel: So just to be clear we havent closed on it yet.  Weve announced that its probably going to close there in a couple of weeks and, but I mean just general financial parameters I think we did its about $20 million in revenue and it sort of breaks even.
Operator: Gentlemen your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin  UBS.
Derik De Bruin: You know you had a $0.04 contribution from FX on the top line.  What was the bottom line impact?  I guess as the Euro moves around is there like a rule of thumb we can use for the company by every 1% move in currencies impacts the EPS by x amount?
Robert F. Friel: Generally just based on our distribution where our revenue expenses.  The impact EPS has been [inaudible]
Andy Wilson: It was less than a 0.01 this quarter just to give you a perspective.  Maybe like 0.05 or something like that so not significant.  Its a little hard Derik because obviously it depends a little bit on what currencies move whether its Euro or Yan or etc.  But generally it hasnt been a dramatic impact either way from a bottom line perspective.  Like I said in this case which was a fairly big move on the top line of 4%.  It was about 0.05.
Derik De Bruin: And I guess just looking at the news today I mean one of your big competitors in the prenatal market is looking at exploring options for that business.  Can you just talk about what your share is in the prenatal screening business and where you are in terms of developing technologies [inaudible] invasive.  Applications [inaudible] for prenatal screening.
Robert F. Friel: Ill talk about the first question.  Id rather not want to talk about the second, but other than to say were doing a lot of work in that area. But I would say when you think about 4 million births in the US. Were doing probably about 450 thousand.  Now of course not all those necessarily are getting trained for prenatal, but I would say youre probably talking about 50% or 60% of births getting some kind of prenatal screening.  So, weve probably got 25%, 30% market share.
Derik De Bruin: And I guess where are we in the marker built in.  Have most States gone to standard set or is there still some States thats still got [inaudible]  I think
Robert F. Friel: I think when you look the US every State right now does at least 20 or greater.  And you the Standard of Care is 29.  But I would say were effectively there from the standpoint of States doing the Standard of Care.  Thats why I sort of pointed out the [inaudible] test because we think thats going to be probably the next addition to the Standard of Care.  Maybe were a year away from this but I think well start to see some increases to the Standard of Care taking the menu up. But if you look at the US right now all the States are like I said doing at least 20.
Derik De Bruin: Great.  And then just one final question, well actually two questions.  Has there been any surprises in the services business just given some of the consolidation issues going on pharma and also from that perspective are you starting to see or pharma accounts starting to reorder replacement equipment?
Robert F. Friel: So I would the first question which is that weve seen much change in service I would say no.  We continue to see fairly robust interest and the sort of one source model or the outsource you know the maintenance of the lab so that continues to go I would say unabated. On the other area its a little difficult as you know to characterize all pharma.  It varies significantly by customer.  I would say weve seen some instances of it but its still fairly rare at least for our products were not seeing a significant pick up in CapEx orders from an instrumentation perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Hawkins - Stifel Nicolaus.
Robert Hawkins: Can you explain a little bit on the [inaudible] launch and give us a sense of timing and magnitude of launch and this is part of the longer term I guess amino screening process.  Can you go over how you envision that rolling out over the next few years?
Robert F. Friel: Actually its right now in sort of a test phase in one State and we expect that will probably take a couple of quarters.  Generally what youll see is if it gets adopted in one State it seems to catch on and as I said our expectation is probably in 2011.  We would like to see this added to the Standard of Care menu. From a revenue potential if it gets added to a menu its probably $20 million to $25 million just to give you a sort of calibrate [inaudible] perspective.
Robert Hawkins: And as you talk about this as a component of this I think you mentioned something like 50 some other test.  Is this a quarter, a tenth, and is that, you said 2011, so is that one year and then 2012 is another piece of this?  I am trying to
Robert F. Freil: I think you will see, as we go out, more [inaudible] layered on [inaudible] is one we talked about.  I think also the next panel will be around sort of LSDs.  So I think as you go out, you will continue to add on to the panels.  Our view is that eventually, you will go from 29 to close to 50.
Andy Wilson: The European growth demand.  Is most of that screening and diagnostics so therefore this [inaudible] is less [inaudible] so currency is going to be less of an impact?  On that area of diagnostic, whether it is European or U.S., there has been a 2% to 4% drop in birthrates kind of worldwide.  Does that make much of an impact or is there just so much of the adoption [inaudible] that still has to happen that you dont even see it?
Robert F. Freil: So in your first question, the European growth that we saw was sort of broad-based.  We do have a big screening business in Europe, but our other businesses also saw growth in Europe as well.  Your second point is while we have seen a reduced birthrate in the U.S., I do not believe we are seeing a reduced birthrate globally.  In fact, I think global birthrates are actually up.
Robert Hawkins: Just one final piece to clarify on that.  Is it enough to, say, bring the divisions growth rate down a couple hundred basis points on that type of drop from [inaudible] standpoint, or is it something you do not even really see?
Robert F. Freil: I do not know that we would see it.  I mean, on the margin, it might have a minor impact specifically on a newborns screening business.  Of course, that is not a huge piece of the total company.  So I think the fact that birthrates come down in the U.S. [inaudible] a couple points, I do not think you would see it in the PerkinElmer number.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tony Butler  Barclays Capital.
Tony Butler: Rob, your comment about imaging was very encouraging, though I am trying to rectify that with what I understood GE to say that given the imaging budget [inaudible] that they saw, they claim that may not last.  So Im curious what your outlook may be for diagnostic imaging for the full year, but most importantly, what kind of visibility do you have?  Do you have visibility for the full year or is it just simply on a quarter-to-quarter basis?
Robert F. Freil: First of all, when GE talks about their imaging business, it includes much more modalities than what we sell into it and I think we have talked about it before.  We basically provide them x-ray panels and, of course, they have numerous other modalities.  So its a little difficult sometimes to triangulate what they say with what we are seeing.  The other point I would make is, you know, GE is less than 50% of our business now in medical imaging so, again, while it has a significant impact, there are a lot of other important customers that are impacting our growth rates as well. But having said that, I would say with the visibility that we have is bookings in place and we can probably look out with pretty good confidence one quarter and I would say increasing confidence in at least 6 months.  So thats what we are sort of basing it on.  But youre right.  This thing could turn based on what happens with hospital budgets but based on the bookings in place we see now, I think we feel confident that this business will experience positive growth in 2010.
Tony Butler: Really helpful, thank you.  One additional question from a geographic perspective.  Some other peers of yours have had really good quarters out of Japan.  I dont think I heard Japan being a stellar growth opportunity for you.  Am I incorrect?
Robert F. Freil: Japan was an improvement for us relative to 2009, but its not a huge piece of business for us.  But it was positive, I recall, [inaudible] single digits.
Tony Butler: Last question.  Your sort of long-term guidance is $3 billion.  Im just curious if you could speculate a little bit as to what area would be [inaudible] being environmental even quite frankly within [inaudible] diagnostics.  Which area would you think outperforms the most?  Could you characterize one particular area over another?
Robert F. Freil: Hopefully they all outperform.  But I think diagnostics probably has a greater opportunity at least just from a macrotrend perspective, so I would think thats one that if I had to pick one, I would say probably the diagnostics area.
Operator: That was our final question.  I would like to hand the call back to Mr. Robert Freil, CEO for closing remarks.
Robert F. Freil: I thank you for your questions.  So going forward, we will continue to focus on three key areas:  first, to increase the growth profile of the company; second, to continue to invest in new and innovative technologies for better detection and prevention in human and environmental health; and third, to continue to achieve good financial returns through strong cash flow and a focused approach on driving operating margin improvement.  I look forward to updating you on our progress against these priorities during our second quarter earnings call.  Thank you for participation in todays call and continued interest in PerkinElmer.  Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation.  The conference is now ended.  You may now disconnect.  Good day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the quarter four 2009 PerkinElmer earnings conference call. My name is Jeff and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will facilitate a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Dave Francisco. Please proceed, Mr. Francisco.
Dave Francisco: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Im Dave Francisco, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer for PerkinElmer. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.PerkinElmer.com or from our toll-free investor hotline at 1-877-PKI-NYSE. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until February 18th, 2010. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we've outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent that we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. Please note that references made to continuing operations in our earnings press release issued earlier today and during this call includes the reintegration of our Photonics business, representing a portion of our specialty lighting business that we discontinued in the fourth quarter of 2008. The photoflash business remains in discontinued operations. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel.
Rob Friel: Thank you, Dave. Good evening and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Id like to begin the call by saying how pleased we are with our performance in the quarter which capped a solid year for PerkinElmer. In a moment, Andy will go into more detail on our financial results. But first let me provide you with an overview of the fourth quarter. Turning first to the financials, we continue to see sequential top line improvement across the Company and solid profitability and cash flow performance. Both our revenue and EPS were ahead of our expectations as we experienced improvement in all of our end markets and benefited from our robust pipeline of products, introducing almost as many new products in 2009 than we did in the previous two years combined. In addition, our solid financial performance in the fourth quarter, we also made significant strides in driving growth opportunities in attractive end markets, investing in innovative technologies and continuing to expand our global footprint. In Human Health, during the quarter, we expanded new born screening in China through our recent SYM-BIO acquisition and also advanced adoption and capacity of first trimester pre-natal screening, setting up national labs in New Zealand, the Philippines, Vietnam, and Malaysia. We leveraged our genetic screening technology in the child health with the launch of our new Steroid Profiling Kit, which is the first commercially available kit designed to help diagnose hormonal imbalances in endocrinal based diseases. During the quarter, NTD Labs joined the Aetna Network, becoming the first exclusive provider of a first trimester Down Syndrome screening protocol using the free-Beta hCG biomarker. We also made excellent progress with our continued investment in diagnostic and research technologies. In diagnostics, we launched the only first trimester test available for early onset Preeclampsia in Europe and Asia-Pacific. And with our new DELFIA Xpress kit, PerkinElmer is well-positioned in the early onset market, reducing the risks, disabilities, and expense caused by the condition. In the research markets, we are having early success with expanding beyond traditional high throughput screening of drug compounds into the rapidly growing biologics market. Our innovative AlphaLISA "no wash" reagent technology, which is comprised of a series of advanced assays has now been expanded to 140 kits to aid in the detection of cancer, diabetes, neurological, and other critical diseases states. In addition, we entered into strategy alliance with Corning to advance the development of next generation label-free technologies, which will provide researchers with deeper insights into biomolecular and cellular interactions through direct observation. We also launched our enhanced Inspire Multilabel Readers with luminescence for enabling broader access to improve primary and stem cell research. In the quarter, we also addressed critical environmental, food, and consumer safety concerns, and continue to partner with our customers to help them meet new, more stringent detections requirements as a result of new regulations. In Europe, we launched new phthalate detection solutions, which were developed specifically to ensure compliance with new laws. In Greater China, we grew our partnership with the Beijing Food Safety Monitoring Center. As the Center significantly increased its food monitoring geographical reach. We also expanded our service partnership with the Taiwan EPA Air Monitoring Division as they expanded to 12 sites. We were pleased with the continued uptake of our latest Environmental Health innovations such as our proprietary Swafer technology in the environmental market and our Viper Differential Scanning Calorimeter system for materials characterization, as well as the advancement of hyphenated technologies in the pharmaceutical and academic labs. For example, the new DSC-Raman system combines the strength of our thermal analysis with Raman spectroscopy to provide greater insights into material changes at a molecular level. We also shipped our first single quad mass spec to Gilson who we are collaborating with as part of our long term strategy to expand our mass spec offerings to key global market segments. So the fourth quarter brought to close the year where global economic conditions created a significant headwind but one that I feel good about our performance. First of all, we expanded adjusted gross margins by 50 basis points despite a decline in revenue of approximately $150 million as compared to the prior year, which was a bigger drop than we expected. In addition, we were able to generate adjusted earnings per share $0.02 above the mid-point of our original full year guidance provided in January of 2009, which also included approximately $0.04 of dilution from a higher-than-expected tax rate. Our strategy of deploying a balanced approach, of effectively managing costs, and continuing to invest in innovative technologies has served us well, enabling us to exceed our goals and to exit 2009 as a much stronger company financially and better positioned strategically. As we begin 2010, our focus will be in three areas, first, to increase the growth profile of the company through expanding our global footprint, aggressively increasing our reach through partnerships, collaborations, and acquisitions, and leveraging our technology and capabilities into adjacent markets. Second, continuing to invest in and introducing new innovative technologies for better detection and prevention in Human and Environmental Health. And, third, achieving good financial returns through strong cash flows and maintaining a focused approach on driving operating margin improvement. Before turning the call over to Andy, let me briefly discuss our financial outlook for 2010. At this time we believe the worst is behind us, but the recovery will be modest and slow to develop. As such we expect to accelerate our rate of growth for both revenue and adjusted earnings per share as economic conditions improve and we cycle up against somewhat easier comparisons as we progress through the year. For the full year, we expect organic revenue to increase at a low-to-mid-single digit rate and adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $1.35 to $1.42. I would now like to turn the call over to Andy to give more details on our Q4 performance and 2010 guidance.
Andy Wilson: Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon everyone. I will now provide some additional color on our fourth quarter results and after my prepared remarks, well open up the call for questions. Before moving into the financial details, I would like to clarify that whenever I talked about a particular measure being up or down, I am referring to an increase or decrease net measured during the fourth quarter of 2009 compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. As rob mentioned earlier, we are pleased with our financial performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year as we were able to deliver a solid earnings and cash flow performance. Revenue for the fourth quarter was flat as compared to the same period last year. The favorable impact of foreign exchange was 4% and the favorable impact from acquisitions was 1%. Therefore, organic revenue was down 5% versus the prior year. The remaining analyses in my prepared remarks will be presented net of the favorable impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions. By segment, organic revenue declined by 5% and 6% in the Human Health and Environmental Health segments, respectively. By geography, organic revenue in the Americas declined at a high-single digit rate and organic revenue in Europe declined low-double digit. Although we experienced sequential improvement in Europe, the Americas and Europe continue to be impacted by economic challenges as well as delays in the release of stimulus monies. Organic revenue in Asia grew double digits with all major product lines contributing to the growth. Within the Asia region, organic revenue in China and India both grew well above 20%. From an end market perspective, PerkinElmers Human Health segment represented approximately 39% of total revenue in the quarter. Within Human Health, we serve two end markets, diagnostics, which represented 21% of total revenue, and research, which represented 18% of total revenue. Organic revenue from our diagnostics business declined at a mid-single digit rate in the fourth quarter as continued strength in our genetics screening business was offset by double digit declines in our medical imaging business. Organic revenue in genetic screening grew at a mid-single digit rate in the quarter, driven by continued strength of our natal, the neonatal, and prenatal screening systems. Organic revenue in our medical imaging business was down approximately 30% in the quarter. However, we experienced sequential improvement across all served markets. With demand trends improving on the base business and solid traction on new OEM relationships, we anticipate continued sequential improvement and organic revenue growth for the full year 2010. In the fourth quarter, organic revenue in our research business declined at a low-single digit rate as the business cycled up against a difficult comparison from the fourth quarter of 2008. Consistent with our experience in the third quarter, demand for reagents and low end instrumentation was fueled by customers continuing need to spend on basic research. However, this growth was more than offset by softness in high end instrument demand, a result of stimulus related delays. The Environmental Health business represented 61% of our total revenues in the fourth quarter. within the Environmental Health business we serve four end markets, laboratory services, environmental, safety and security, and industrial. Our lab services business represented approximately 20% of our total revenue in the fourth quarter and organic revenue grew at a high-single digit rate. OneSource, our customer-focused multi-vendor offering was the key contributor to this growth in the quarter and delivered a very strong performance for the year. In addition to OneSource, we continue to be encouraged by improving demand trends in our traditional service offerings, which we believe were indicative of improving economic confidence at customer labs. The Environmental market represented approximately 17% of total revenue in the fourth quarter with organic revenue declining low-double digit. We were encouraged by continued sequential improvement in the quarter. However, constrained capital spending in this customer segment continues to dampen demand. Offsetting this decline was the strong growth in China, a result of the stimulus  impact of stimulus monies, and, as Rob state earlier, key wins for our air monitoring solutions. Additionally, on a global basis, we continue to see strength in the development, production, and usage of renewable energy technologies, driving demand across a broad array of our analytical technology offerings. The safety and security market represented approximately 13% of total revenues in the fourth quarter with organic revenues declining at a high-single-digit rate. In this segment, as Rob mentioned, we achieved key food safety wins with government agencies in China, and the new regulations in Food and consumer safety recently adopted in the U.S. will continue to drive strong demand in these key markets. Additionally in the quarter, we saw strong follow-on demand for our thermal-powered sensors in response to the H1N1 virus. Offsetting this growth is the continued weak demand in fire detection and intrusion alarms and the very difficult comparison in the defense related business related to a lifetime buy of optical sensors in 2008. Our industrial markets represented approximately 11% of total revenue in the fourth quarter and organic revenue declined high teens. These markets, which include chemicals, semiconductor, and petroleum refining, experienced a significant sequential improvement in the rate of decline. We are pleased to see a continued stabilization in these markets and are encouraged by our customers beginning to rebuild capacity. Turning to our financial performance, adjusted gross margin was down 10 basis points in the fourth quarter as benefits of our cost containment actions were offset by unfavorable product mix in the period. Adjusted research and development expenses were $27.1 million or 5.4% of revenue in the quarter, up 40 basis points from the prior year. We have increased our rate of investment in innovative technologies throughout the year despite the difficult economic environment to fuel future growth in our existing end markets as well as attractive adjacent markets. Adjusted selling, general, and administrative expenses increased by $7.7 million versus the prior year of which approximately $4 million was attributable to foreign exchange and the remainder due primarily to selling and marketing investments and higher variable based compensation. Adjusted SG&A expenses were up as a percentage of sales by approximately 160 basis points as compared to the fourth quarter of 2008, as cost containment initiatives were offset by the aforementioned items. GAAP operating profit was $58 million in the fourth quarter of 2009 versus $72.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. On a non-GAAP basis, adjusted operating profit was $74.6 million versus $85.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2008, which as a percentage of sales represented a decline of 220 basis points year-over-year to 15%. Interest expense, net of interest income for the fourth quarter was $3.9 million as compared to $23.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. This decrease was primarily due to a one-time expense in the fourth quarter of 2008 of $17.7 million related to the acquisition of ViaCell. Excluding this one-time expense, the remaining reduction in net interest expense is primarily attributable to lower interest rates on outstanding debt balances. Other income was $800 million in the quarter as compared to an expense of $5.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. The expense in the prior year was primarily related to increased foreign exchange cost due to high exchange rate volatility in the fourth quarter of 2008. For the fourth quarter of 2009, we had an effective tax rate of 28.8% on a reported basis versus a previously communicated tax rate of 31% as we experienced a positive shift in geographic mix of income as well as the timing of favorable tax settlements. GAAP EPS from continuing operations in the fourth quarter of 2009 was $0.33 compared to $0.29 in the fourth quarter of 2008 while adjusted EPS was $0.43 in the fourth quarter of 2009, down 7% from the same period a year ago. Regarding the weighted average diluted share count, we had 116.9 million shares outstanding in the quarter, which was essentially flat sequentially. Turning to the balance sheet, we finished the fourth quarter with approximately $379 million of net debt, which we define as short and long term debt minus cash. Adjusted net debt, which excludes the impact of the termination of our accounts receivables securitization program in the second quarter of 2009 increased approximately $9 million as compared to the prior year as we were able to utilize our strong operating cash flows to fund our strategic acquisition throughout the year. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $180 million of cash and approximately $230 million of undrawn availability under our revolving line of credit with no mandatory maturities due until 2012. Looking at our cash flow performance for the quarter, operating cash flow from continuing operations was $64.2 million as compared to $93.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. This decrease is primarily attributable to timing of payments for restructuring and compensation expenses. For the full year 2009, we generated $198.3 million of adjusted operating cash flow as compared to $214.5 million in 2008. Working capital turns were essentially flat year-over-year. In summary, we are pleased with our financial performance for the quarter and for the full year. Let me now reiterate our 2010 guidance and provide some further detail. As Rob mentioned, we expect economic conditions to gradually improve throughout 2010. These underlying economic assumptions coupled with easier comparisons will allow us to accelerate our revenue and earnings growth as we progress through the year. Organic revenue performance in the fourth quarter of 2009 was down 1% as compared to the first quarter of 2008, a performance due in part to the extra days reflected in the first quarter of 2009. Therefore we expect the first quarter to be our most difficult organic growth comparison. Overall, we expect to see continued growth in the markets that have been fairly resilient in the economic downturn specifically screening, lab services, and food and consumer safety testing. Within our research business we expect continued steady performances from our reagents and low-end instrumentation offering and we now expect to see the impact of stimulus related growth in our high end instrumentation beginning in the second quarter. As mentioned previously, we are encouraged by demand trends in our medical imaging business and we anticipate that this business will be able to deliver organic revenue growth by the end of 2010. The environmental and industrial markets are expected to continue to improve sequentially as our customers deploy capital to meet growing economic activity. So, to reiterate what Rob shared earlier, we expect organic growth in the low-to-mid-single digit range for the full year and expect the first quarter of 2010 to be essentially flat including the impact of the extra days in the first quarter of 2009. Regarding adjusted operating margins, given the expected leverage from anticipated revenue growth and other productivity gains, we expect operating margins to expand in the range of 50 to 100 basis points in 2010. Additionally, we expect our geographic distribution of income in 2010 to reduce our effective tax rate, and therefore we are estimating our effective tax rate to be approximately 29%. Bringing all these factors together, we estimate our full year adjusted earnings per share for 2010 to be in the range of $1.35 to $1.42 with adjusted earnings per share for the first quarter to be in the range of $0.27 to $0.29. Once again, we are pleased with our performance in the quarter and for the year. The organization executed very well delivering on the financial commitments set up beginning of the year for revenue, adjusted earnings per share, and operating cash flow. So thats the end of the prepared remarks. Id now like to turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Francisco: Thanks, Andy. Operator, at this time, wed like to open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Leerink Swann. Please proceed.
Jeff: Hey guys, this is Jeff in for Isaac, thanks for taking the question.
Rob Friel: Hey Jeff.
Jeff: Hey. I was wondering if you can talk a little about the medical imaging business, I remember coming out of 3Q you thought the back half of the year was going to be worse than the first half. Now you are kind of seeing improvements to go through  I mean GE put up some decent numbers. What are you guys seeing there thats making you a little bit more confident and I mean you said (inaudible) growth for organic business for the year or just to grow at some point organically throughout the year.
Rob Friel: So I would say we are seeing improvements probably across all the end markets in medical imaging and clearly there has been some recovery in the capital expenditure in hospitals and so I would say we will see growth for 2010. It probably won't occur at the sort of the middle of the year though and I think we will grow for the full year but we probably won't see positive growth in this business still probably the middle of the year. Part of that is because we do have a difficult comparison in Q1 and as we talked about it before, it was more of a function of how our ordering and contract patterns work so that the  our customers, it was difficult for them to take their orders down in Q109 as rapidly as whats happening in the market. So we are still I would say artificially high in Q1 of 09 and we are going to cycle up against that. But we do think we will return to positive growth probably around the middle of the year and we do think well see positive growth for the full year in medical imaging for 2010.
Jeff: Alright thanks, and switching gears real quick, you talked about how China was kind of a bright spot not only in food safety but Environmental and quality as well. Can you talk about like how big of a portion of the sales you guys have over there and what types of investments you are doing? I mean you talked about investments, you mean mostly Greenfield or are you guys going to do some Brownfield as well?
Rob Friel: So, China for us actually exceeded $100 million in 2009. So, call it 5% of our revenue and its a little bit of both. As you know, we made the acquisition of SYM-BIO at the end of last year and they were in the process of building a fairly significant increase to their manufacturing capacity and so thats coming up online. Well probably have that operational by the second quarter. So, we are investing not only in real estate but also in people, increasing our capabilities there from a leadership and an employee perspective and we are starting to put more and more R&D investments into China as well. So, across the board well put fairly significant investments in that part of the world.
Jeff: Alright, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Quintin Lai: Alright, good afternoon. Nice quarter.
Rob Friel: Good afternoon. Thank you.
Quintin Lai: Hey, Rob, would you  when looking at the kind of the pacing of demand as you went into the fourth quarter, did you see anything  was it steady all the way through or  weve heard some people say that December got kind of slow for Europe. Well what did you see?
Rob Friel: Well, I would say it differs a little bit by end market, but I would say probably on the Environmental and Industrial side we saw increasing demand as the quarter went on. I would say in the area of research, it was fairly steady and if anything we saw a little bit of a dip off on reagents actually at the end of the quarter, but we think that may have been some timing and also because some labs, particularly on the reagent side may have shut down between Christmas and New Years. As I mentioned before, I think on the medical imaging side, weve seen continued improvement through the quarter there. So I think it varies a little bit, but I would say overall, the bias has been to an improving trend during the fourth quarter in a majority of the end markets.
Quintin Lai: And then with respect to the high end instrumentation and kind of the visibility of maybe a pickup in Q2, is it just because the orders are now starting to come in that you feel that way or  give us a little color on that?
Rob Friel: Yes, I think thats probably the reason, and again I dont  I wouldnt suggest its robust growth, but I think clearly things have improved. We did see improved order patternings [ph] as I mentioned towards the end of the fourth quarter and they seem to be continuing in January as well. So, we feel a little bit better about the recovery occurring in those end markets. But as I said its  I wouldnt say its robust, but its clearly going in the right direction.
Quintin Lai: And then with respect to your guidance of 2010 I mean mid-low-to-mid-single digit organic and 50 to 100 bps of operating margin improvement, on the chance that organic revenue growth may be accelerates a little higher than that, how much extra leverage do you think that you might be able to get or are you  would you take the opportunity to may be further investment in some other areas.
Rob Friel: I think we need to do a little bit of both. I think on the incremental side, I think it would create a fair amount of operating margin leverage as we took cost out in 2009. Some of that was volume related, but I think some that will be sort of systemic and improve our cost position. So I think we would get very good leverage on any incremental revenue growth beyond our forecast. Having said that, while we clearly (inaudible) through the bottom line we see opportunities to invest and the way weve tried to build our 2010 operating plan is with sort of gaited [ph] view of investments. So as we see the growth I think weve  hopefully have been conservative from a top line forecast and to the extent that we see higher growth, some of that will flow through, but some of that will clearly be invested back in the opportunities we see to continue to expand identities, adjacencies we talked about and also to drive innovative new products into the marketplace.
Quintin Lai: Alright. Hey thanks.
Rob Friel: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Hawkins with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Rob Hawkins: Thank you for taking the call.
Rob Friel: Hi.
Rob Hawkins: May be just to follow on the last piece, in terms of the acquisition front, in how you characterized your pipeline right now and what sellers attitude are with related to price and on that gaited view there has been some pickup in semiconductors, may be even in clinical, is it  are you at a point now where you think you feel comfortable may be even expanding into the industrial and some of these segments real faster on the Environmental side?
Rob Friel: So, on the first question, I think our acquisition pipeline we feel good about. Its a  youve got to look at a lot and already got a couple done, so I think its a pretty robust pipeline. I would say seller evaluations, I dont know that they have changed significantly over the last couple of quarters and I think its always  if you are looking at good properties you are going to have to pay good prices. So, I would say there hasnt been a significant change there. As far as increasing our investments into the industrial area, I think what we are trying to do is be more and more focused in those end markets and those application where we see the highest growth prospects. So, I think if we saw higher revenue and we wanted to do some more investments I would say the industrial area would probably not be an area of significant focus for us. Well probably be in some of these areas like the food safety, like the Environmental area. I think wed probably see the investment before some of the industrial areas.
Rob Hawkins: Okay. And then on imaging I am just curious your senior report flow picking up but in January or now are you seeing any loss in momentum because of some of the uncertainty around legislation per se with physician fees how performed?
Rob Friel: You know we have  I mean its  I mean obviously its very early to see if that change as a result of say healthcare reform not passing, but I would say we havent at this point where we continue to sort of keep a close eye on that, but we continue to see pretty good ordering patterns improving in the medical imaging business.
Rob Hawkins: Okay great. Thanks. I will jump off in the queue.
Rob Friel: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Lawson with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please proceed.
Eric: Good afternoon. This is actually Eric [ph] filling in for Peter. On the imaging business is there a certain amount of lag time that you guys see between say a General Electric saying that their demand is improving any time and that actually really starts to impact your or their orders from you significantly?
Rob Friel: There is a little bit of lag between  obviously when they start taking up their orders and then obviously to the extent that they see the revenue and we see the revenue, but presumably to the extent that their revenue is doing well, well see a little bit of lag to that, but not that lag to that, but not that significant.
Eric: Okay. And then on the environmental testing, is there  are the labs out there are they kind of reaching a point where they really need to upgrade instruments in order to operate their business efficiently or is there room for them to still maintain say a piece of equipment, one, two, three years more and still be able to operate at a level thats okay for them.
Rob Friel: Well you know it obviously it depends a lot by the individual lab, but I would say it really gets down to buying. I mean I would say from  if their volume increases fairly significantly, I think thats really whats going to drive the demand, the volume through the lab. Most of the labs I think  they are not in an obsolescence issue relative to the instruments. Its really more of a volume driven need for the increased capital.
Eric: Okay great. And then a final question on the diagnostic business. Is there anything on the horizon whether in the U.S. or outside the U.S. that would drive an uptick in demand, are there new assays or new provisions that will be tested for or anything like that in the  legislation wise?
Rob Friel: Well you know I would say there is always continued new products and new assays we are coming out with, we mentioned the (inaudible) health and a number of other areas and the prenatal area. But I would say we really look at that as sort of continuing product (inaudible) into the marketplace to continue to achieve the growth rates that weve seen in that business. So, I dont see anything right now thats really a step function change in the amount of screening thats been done. We do believe that probably in two years we may see a step up in the recommended number of tests for a new born trainee [ph] going from sort of around 30 now probably stepping up to probably close to 50, but we probably think thats 2011 timeframe.
Eric: Now, would you be prepared for that step up or do you have to kind of develop those assays?
Rob Friel: No, no, we will be prepared for those step ups.
Eric: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Rob Friel: Okay.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with UBS. Please proceed, sir.
Derik De Bruin: Hey, good afternoon.
Rob Friel: Good afternoon.
Derik De Bruin: Just for some housekeeping, you said youve reintegrated part of the business you had put into to ops and obviously that looked like it had about a $5 million or so impact relative to what the base was for the prior quarter  for the prior year quarter. Can you say what you put back in and also whats the right revenue base that we should model off of for Q1, Q2, Q3, and Q4 or Q3 just to make sure that  otherwise we are going off  if the numbers are going to be higher for that, I just want to make sure that we are all  everyone is modeling correctly.
Rob Friel: Right okay. Do you have those numbers right there, Andy.
Andy Wilson: This is Andy. The impact year-over-year was about $0.02. It was about $7 million of revenue as a negative impact year-over-year. I think going forward, we assume from an EPS perspective its going to be fairly neutral, may be slightly positive, but I would say modeling at that neutral level is probably the best way to go.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. I just was saying that  okay, what is the  I mean do you have the Q1 number, just as a starting point? Is it about similar like a level  similar like about $5 million difference?
Rob Friel: But, we actually put the history on the website today  with all the details there.
Derik De Bruin: Then I will shut up and I dont have it. Thats pretty much irrelevant then. Okay. I guess just whats your biggest I think  what do you see the biggest challenge in terms of potential pitfalls on the quarter or potential for (inaudible) of how the year rolls out? I mean obviously we think there is a lot of opportunities in terms of things rebounding I guess how is the biggest thing (inaudible) just the ramp (inaudible) or is there something else out there?
Rob Friel: Yes, I think  no I think thats right. I mean as we think about 2010 based on I would say the visibility and the order patterns we are seeing, it looks like the first half will trend pretty well. I think there is at least some concern that when we get into the back half of 2010 there is clearly some risk that we could sort of dip back down if you start to remove some of this government support I will call it globally. And so I think we are little cautious about that relative to the back half and I would say thats the biggest risk I see out there right now for 2010.
Derik De Bruin: So, when you were at the  lets say one of my competitors conferences earlier in January, you had put up some long term operating margin targets.
Rob Friel: Yes.
Derik De Bruin: Could you just talk about that type of outlook for the Company, its like a 400 basis point op margin expansion if I was correct in saying that and I guess what are the kind of drivers of getting to that level of improvement.
Rob Friel: Yes, I will start and let Andy sort of pick up on that because thats some  hes been spending a lot of time I would say in the last couple of weeks. But, obviously the operating margin expansion its got to come first of all from some volume leverage, but more than that, we are looking at our cost structure across the Company and I would describe PerkinElmer as if you look at historically, I think we did a lot of things within the businesses to improve the cost structure in trying to be very efficient, but we havent done historically a lot I would say across the Company because it was ran I would say more as separate businesses as an integrated company and I think as we look at some opportunities across the Company whether its back office types of things, whether its sourcing, whether its things we do, and some of the various functions that we think there is some opportunities to drive incremental cost reductions. So those are just some of the things I think that we are looking at over the next couple of years. But I dont know, Andy you want to be a little more specific?
Andy Wilson: Thats right. I think weve got several groups that are focused on specific areas that are kind of corporate related whether its  as Rob mentioned  whether its around low-cost sourcing, whether its around back office consolidation which are service opportunities, channel efficiencies within selling organization, there is a team focused on each one of those and we are looking at this kind of over the long term so we can develop some significant but consistent and sustainable long term margin improvement. So I think if you look at the 13 to 17 and we are successful in all these initiatives, I would be disappointed if we didnt work better than that, but I think thats a  the 17% is a reasonable target at this point.
Derik De Bruin: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg with Macquarie. Please proceed.
Jon Groberg: Thanks for taking the call. Rob, as you think about 2010, where are you investing in your business?
Rob Friel: So, I would say we are focused a lot on sort of improving the growth profile of the Company and so as I mentioned before we are putting some additional cost into the technology side of things and as you saw in 2009, we stepped that up as a percentage of sales. I think clearly the global footprint in the emerging areas are areas that we want to continue to invest in and SYM-BIO was a good example of that. And I would say from an end market perspective, while we like all of our end markets, I think clearly the diagnostics side is probably the area that will probably get some disproportionate side of our investment dollars just because I think we like the characteristics of that end market better.
Jon Groberg: And there are you talking primarily as to about R&D or even on kind of more of the kind of the commercial structure?
Rob Friel: Probably not commercial structure other than through an acquisition other than building, because I think we are pretty comfortable with the commercial structure and our distribution capability today, so I would say it would be R&D but also it would be licensing, acquisitions, what I would call inorganic opportunities as well as investing in the Company.
Jon Groberg: And are you taking  weve heard a lot of companies talking about making major investments again in kind of ERPs to improve efficiencies, is that something on the horizon for you or what you guys?
Rob Friel: Yes, I mean thats  weve been doing that for at least the last 12 months, but we continue to invest in the infrastructure of the Company and we  in 2009 we did actually what technical upgrade of our SAP platform and we are putting on some additional modules and other things to really sort of drive the efficiency across the Company.
Jon Groberg: And where might you have incremental hires in 2010?
Rob Friel: I think the incremental hires will probably come in the R&D side and probably in the selling and marketing area.
Jon Groberg: Okay.
Rob Friel: That will be the area of focus.
Jon Groberg: And then just big part of kind of the proposition that you laid out as a few people have asked on the margin expansion, if you think about just as a year, outside of volume, kind of what would get you the more the 100 basis point expansion versus 50 basis point or is that pretty much all just wherever revenue comes in for the year.
Rob Friel: Its volume but its also mix. A big driver of our  at least our gross margin is what the mix looks like because clearly if its more on the reagent side, that really drives it higher. So I think its a combination of volume and mix. If we are talking specifically about 2010 may be some of these plans that Andy talks about we start to see some benefit toward the end of the year, but I dont know that that will be a big driver to 2010.
Jon Groberg: Okay. Great, thanks a lot.
Rob Friel: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the Q&A portion of this call. Id now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Friel for closing remarks.
Operator: Okay, thanks Jeff, and thank you for your questions. So, in summary, PerkinElmer, I believe, has innovative technologies to global scale and probably most importantly to people to play a real critical role in improving the health and safety of people and the environment through our focus on providing better detection and therefore prevention of environmental contaminated disease. We feel confident that our focus on driving growth opportunities in the attractive end markets, investing in innovative technologies, and generating attractive financials will provide a good return to our shareholders. I thank you for your participation today. This now concludes todays call. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third quarter 2009 PerkinElmer earnings conference call. My name is Thomas, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Dave Francisco. Please proceed.
Dave Francisco: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Im Dave Francisco, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer for PerkinElmer. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com or from our toll-free investor hotline at 1-877-PKI-NYSE. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until November 12, 2009. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we've outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent that we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel.
Rob Friel: Thank you, Dave. Good afternoon. I appreciate you joining us this afternoon for PerkinElmers third quarter 2009 earnings call. Overall, we are very pleased with our performance in the third quarter. Our results for the top line met our expectations, and we believe that our end markets are stabilizing, as we were seeing some encouraging signs of sequential improvement. Our operating margins were better than we expected, resulting in us exceeding our EPS forecast. Adjusted operating margin increased approximately 50 basis points over the second quarter of this year on virtually the same revenue base despite increasing R&D as a percentage of sales by approximately 30 basis points. We have been committed to fueling our pipeline of new products, as technology innovation will be a source of future growth. In the quarter, we continued to make good progress in our diagnostics business. We received 510(k) certification approval for our new neonatal screening systems and also launched our first child health screening kit. The new kit is the first commercially available clinical assay that can simultaneously measure and diagnose hormone imbalances. We also launched a series of product and service offerings in the research area, including the Columbus 2.0 high content system platform, the EnSpire with luminescence, and the LANCE Ultra panel. These products are aimed at core markets in drug discovery and academic research, focused on cellular imaging, stem cell-related screening technologies, and kinase reagent portfolio expansion for drug screening. We continue to deepen our customer relationships through our multi-vendor OneSource Laboratory Service business. The success of this approach resulted in both new and expanded OneSource programs in the quarter. Including the expansion of our OneSource agreement with a major pharmaceutical company, Boehringer Ingelheim, to cover more than 1,000 multi-vendor scientific assets at the companys site in Germany. During the quarter, we also expanded our capabilities in advanced health screening and diagnostic technologies in developed territories, with the acquisition of SYM-BIO LifeSciences and our investment in Surendra Genetics Labs. Through the SYM-BIO acquisition, we will add diagnostic tests for infectious disease or product portfolio and also gain access to substantial manufacturing capacity, technical capability and the well-established sales channel in china. In the research market, we solidified our position as the leader in radiochemicals research consumables through the purchase of certain assets from GE Healthcare as well as expanding our custom synthesis in radio therapeutic products. These products enable researchers to quickly and accurately determine that potential new drug compounds are effective against their intended disease targets. Before I turn the call over to Andy, I wanted to give an update on our guidance for 2009. Through the first nine months of this year, despite a challenging economic environment, we have been able to maintain our adjusted operating income as a percentage of sales flat versus a year ago. This is despite organic revenue down mid-single digits and having increased our investment in R&D as a percentage of sales. This solid operational execution combined with early signs of improving market conditions gives us a confidence to raise both the top and bottom of the range on our adjusted EPS guidance. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Wilson: Thanks, Rob. And good afternoon, everyone. Id like to now provide some additional color on our third quarter financial performance as well as provide guidance for both the fourth quarter and the full year 2009. After my prepared remarks, well then open up the call for questions. Before moving into financial details, Id like to clarify that whenever I talk about a particular measure being up or down, Im referring to an increase or decrease in that measure during the third quarter of 2009 compared to the third quarter of 2008. To the extent that I use any non-GAAP measures, those measures have been reconciled to the comparable GAAP measure in the financial tables of the press release that had been posted on our website. As Rob mentioned earlier, we are pleased with our financial performance in the third quarter, a solid earnings and cash flow performance despite the ongoing challenges in a difficult global economy. Revenue for the quarter was down 9% as compared to the same period last year. The unfavorable impact of foreign exchange was 2%. The favorable impact of acquisitions was 1%. And therefore organic revenue growth was down 8% versus the prior year. The remaining revenue analyses in my prepared remarks will be presented excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange and the favorable impact of acquisitions. Despite the 8% decline in organic revenue, we feel good about our top line performance in the quarter. Excluding the medical imaging (inaudible) businesses, both of which are keeping pace within their respective markets, but these markets are at a different point in the cycle, organic revenue declined at a low-single digit rate in the third quarter supported by very solid growth in reagents. By segment, organic revenues declined by 7% and 8% in Human Health and Environmental Health respectively. On a regional basis, organic revenue in the Americas declined at a mid-single digit rate, Europe declined at a low-double digit, and Asia declined low-single digits. Within the Asian region, China grew at a double-digit rate, offset by soft demand in a number of emerging territories across Southeast Asia. From an end market perspective, PerkinElmers Human Health business represented 41% of our total revenue in the quarter. Within Human Health, we serve two end markets; diagnostics, which represented 24% of total revenue; and research, which represented 17% of total revenue. Organic revenue from our diagnostics business declined at a mid-single digit rate in the third quarter, as continued strength in our screening business was offset by expected declines in our digital imaging business. Genetic screening organic revenue grew at a high-single digit rate in the quarter, driven by expansion of our neonatal and prenatal screening platforms with broad-based growth experienced across all major geographies. Additionally, our core blood business delivered mid-single digit organic revenue growth in the third quarter, and we continue to be encouraged by the resiliency of this business despite a difficult economy. As expected, our digital imaging businesss organic growth was down over 30% in the quarter, as we continue to see a deferral of spending for high-end systems due to financing capital budget and inventory constraints. Our continued focus on broadening our offerings through new OEM partnerships has delivered a number of key wins year-to-date. However, due to the long lead-time required to design these components in the systems, we do not expect any material benefit from these initiatives until 2010. In the third quarter, organic revenue in our research business declined at a high-single digit rate, as the business cycled up against very difficult comparisons in the third quarter of 2008. Demand for our broad suite of reagents and low-end estimates was encouraging, as customers continue to spend on basic research. However, this growth was more than offset by delays in high-end instrument orders primarily in Europe. We expect demand for our low-end instruments and reagents to remain stable while demand for high-end instrumentation, particularly in the US, will be impacted by the timing of stimulus spending, which we now believe will shift into 2010. The Environmental Health business represented 59% of our total revenue in the third quarter. Within Environmental Health, we serve four end markets; laboratory services, environmental, safety and security, and industrial. Our lab services business represented approximately 22% of total revenue in the third quarter, and organic revenue grew at a mid-single digit rate. OneSource, our customer-focused multi-vendor offering, was a key contributor to this growth, as the team was successful in capturing share and expanding services, ultimately strengthening our relationship with key customers, including Boehringer Ingelheim, which Rob mentioned earlier. In addition to OneSource, we were encouraged to see demand for traditional service offerings improve throughout the quarter. The environmental market represented approximately 17% of total revenue in the third quarter, and organic revenue declined low-double digits, but we did see a significant sequential improvement in the second quarter. We continued to see constrained capital spending due to economic conditions and tight credit markets, particularly affecting our smaller customers. Offsetting this decline was strong growth in China, the result of stimulus moneys, which targeted environmental infrastructure. Additionally, on a global basis, we saw strength in the development, production and usage of renewable energy technologies within this market where our high-end UV technologies are used. The safety and security market represented approximately 13% of our total revenue in the third quarter, and organic revenue declined at a high-single digit rate. New regulations in food and consumer safety, including the recently enacted Food Safety Act of 2009, continued to create opportunities in these key markets. We believe these new regulations and the corresponding need for increased inspection, testing and tracking of contaminants will drive increased demand for our products, both now and in the future. Within our components offering, we saw significant demand in our thermal power sensors, a result of the global focus on H1N1. This performance was offset by continued weak demand in fire detection and intrusion alarm sensors. Our industrial market represented approximately 7% of our total revenue in the third quarter, and organic revenue declined over 20%. These markets, which include chemicals, semiconductor, and petroleum refining, continued to be sharply impacted by weak industrial spending. Turning to our financial performance, adjusted gross margin was up approximately 20 basis points in the third quarter, driven primarily by the impact of a favorable mix shift into reagents, consumables and new higher margin product introductions, as well as the impact of cost containment initiatives taken during the year in response to anticipated lower demand. Adjusted research and development expenses were $26.8 million or approximately 6% of revenue in the quarter, up 70 basis points from the prior year. As Rob mentioned, we continue to invest in the development of innovative new products, applications and solutions for the key end markets that we serve. Adjusted selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by $9.5 million versus the prior year. SG&A expenses were up as a percentage of revenue by approximately 30 basis points as compared to the third quarter of 2008, as cost containment initiatives and lower compensation costs were offset by higher pension expense and the impact of lower volume. GAAP operating profit was $26.4 million in the third quarter of 2009 versus $43.1 million in the third quarter of 2008. On a non-GAAP basis, adjusted operating profit was $54.6 million versus $64.2 million in the third quarter of 2008, which as a percentage of sales represents a decline of approximately 90 basis points year-over-year to 12.5%. This decline is due primarily to the incremental R&D spend in the quarter that I referenced earlier. Interest expense, net of interest income for the quarter was $4 million as compared to $5.3 million in the third quarter of 2008. This decrease was primarily due to lower interest rates on outstanding debt balances. In the quarter, we had an effective tax rate of 25.8% on a reported basis, as a continued unfavorable impact resulting from the shift in the geographic mix of income was offset by the timing of favorable tax settlements. GAAP EPS from continuing operations in the third quarter of 2009 was $0.14 compared to $0.35 in the third quarter of 2008. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.30 in the third quarter of 2009, down 12% from a year ago. Regarding share count, we had 116.6 million average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter, which was essentially flat on a sequential basis. Turning to balance sheet, we finished the third quarter with approximately $426 million of debt, which we defined as short and long-term debt minus cash. This reflects a sequential increase in net debt of $54 million, result of the funding of strategic acquisitions in the quarter, offset by a strong operating cash flow performance. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $151 million of cash and approximately $210 million of undrawn availability under our revolving line of credit with no mandatory maturities due until 2012. Looking at our cash flow performance for the third quarter of 2009, operating cash flow from continuing operations was $35.7 million as compared to $22.3 million in the third quarter of 2008, representing a 60% increase over the same period last year. This increase was attributable to lower working capital and the timing of payroll and tax payments. Although we expect this favorable timing impact to reverse in the fourth quarter, we expect operating cash flow to be on plan for the second half. Working capital times were essentially flat year-over-year. In summary, we are pleased with our financial performance for the quarter, particularly given the continued challenges in the global economy. We expect continued solid growth in the fourth quarter across many of our end markets, including screening, service, and food and safety testing. We are seeing early signs of stabilization across all of our served markets. However, we expect the organic revenue performances of the medical imaging, research, environmental and industrial end markets to be fairly consistent with what we experienced in the third quarter. As a result, we expect our total organic revenue to decline mid-to-high single digits in the fourth quarter, and our full year organic revenue performance to decline mid-single digits. Regarding adjusted earnings per share, we expect a continued favorable sales mix in an improved foreign currency environment in the fourth quarter. Additionally, we expect our distribution of income to be generally consistent through the remainder of the year, and therefore we are estimating our effective tax rate to be approximately 31% in the fourth quarter of 2009. Bringing all these factors together, we now estimate our full year adjusted earnings per share for 2009 to be in the range of $1.23 to $1.26, with adjusted earnings per share for the fourth quarter expected to be in the range of $0.39 to $0.42, which is at the high end or slightly above the guidance range provided on our last earnings call. Once again, we are pleased with our financial performance in the quarter. In spite of a difficult global economy, the organization has executed well, delivering revenue that was in line with our expectations; adjusted earnings per share that has exceeded the top end of our guidance, and a strong operating and free cash flow performance. Thats the end of my prepared remarks. Id now like to turn the call back over to Dave.
Dave Francisco: Thanks, Andy. Operator, at this time, wed like to open the call for questions, please.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question is from the line of Peter Lawson from Thomas Weisel Partners. Please proceed.
Peter Lawson: Hi, Rob. I wonder if you could kind of walk through the digital imaging business that seems to be the only business that seemed to have got worse quarter-over-quarter. How far do you think that business can drop? And what are you thinking about Q4 for that business?
Rob Friel: I would say I think the end markets for that business actually seem to be stabilizing a little bit. And we are actually seeing some increased bookings for 2010. The reason why we are seeing a significant drop from Q2 to Q3, and I think we talked about this a little bit, is it really has more to do with the ordering patterns of our customers where they took more product in the first half of the year and less in the back half of the year. So while there was a decrease in the revenue, there actually is a stabilization in the end markets there. And we are actually thinking that now in 2010 -- probably mid-2010, we might see -- might actually start to experience some increases in revenue in that business.
Peter Lawson: Thank you. And then the incremental on R&D spend, what drove that?
Rob Friel: I think its just fueling the opportunities we see in some of the attractive areas. So some of it is going into genetic screening, some of it is going into the research area, and obviously some of the analytical sciences area. So its pretty broadly spaced across the company, but its largely in areas where we see growth opportunities. And the other area I would spike out is, with the acquisition of ALB [ph], we have been increasing our investments in the mass spec area.
Peter Lawson: Okay. Thanks for taking the questions, Rob.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Quintin Lai from Robert Baird. Please proceed.
Jeff: Hi, guys. This is actually Jeff [ph] in for Quintin. Last quarter, you guys gave a little bit of a sequential improvement. As you talked from Q1 to Q2, you saw a little bit from January, February, March get a little better and all the way through July. How did you see that coming into now? If you can apply a little color on each end market, as we stand?
Rob Friel: You mean, throughout the quarter?
Jeff: Yes.
Rob Friel: I would say we saw some consistent improvement. July and August was a little bit difficult because you are dealing with the summer months. But I would say, as we got through the quarter, we continued to see a little bit of an improvement throughout the quarter. And I think that speaks to a little bit of the optimism we have relative to stabilization and some early signs of improvement in the end markets.
Jeff: All right. And then some of your competitors provide a sneak-peak into 2010. As we go up against easier comps and your end markets continue to stabilize, could you provide any color on your thoughts regarding when we return to our growth next year? And also, as youre taking a lot of costs out of OpEx this year, how should we look at that ramping up as growth returns to the top line?
Rob Friel: I would say with regard to 2010, we are right in the midst of that. Right now, we are actually in the process of putting together our 2010 plans. So its probably a little early to call when the turn occurs. And our plan would be to share with everyone our 2010 forecast and guidance in January. With regard to the cost ramp-up when growth returns, I would say, while we try to model that out and there will be clearly some increase in costs associated with the higher volume, keep in mind that as weve done restructuring this year, and weve done some restructuring in Q1 and some restructuring in Q3, that when you look at 2009, you have a partial year benefit for those restructuring actions. So I would say, helping to offset the potential increase of the cost associated with higher revenue in 2010 will be the full year benefit of the actions that weve taken this year.
Jeff: All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ross Muken, Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Ross Muken: Rob, in some of the key end markets where we did see some sequential improvement that are more cyclical in nature, what were some of the specific sort of end customer segments that showed signs of life? And what -- particularly on the industrial side, what specific customer segments are still sort of showing no order activity or your backlogs pretty bare?
Rob Friel: I would say, on the environmental side, we clearly saw some improvements in sort of air and water monitoring particularly in Asia. We saw an improvement in our products that go into biofuels. Weve actually seen a pickup in those areas. I would say on the industrial side, the ones that continue to lag -- I would say a lot of the industries that Andy mentioned previously, which is really around the chemicals and the polymers and the petrochemicals, I would say those are the ones that still seem to be lagging a little bit. But clearly on the environmental side, fairly broadly based we saw an improvement sequentially.
Ross Muken: Okay. And in terms of the diagnostic business thats more sensitive to sort of state and federal budgets or I guess more government-related funding, whats sort of the outlook there? And as we turn the page to 2010, lot of the same challenges exist for a lot of the different regions. Whats sort of your thought process on how that business is going to performance in the face of some of those challenges?
Rob Friel: I think weve been fairly fortunate in the areas that we sell into have not been impacted by the cutbacks in state funding. And so if anything, there may have been a little bit of a lag in people -- the state uptake of additional screening. But as far as cutbacks, we really havent experienced that. So I think our view of the screening business going into 2010 continues to do quite well. As Andy mentioned, it was up high-single digits this quarter, and I think it continues on that track. And we are seeing good adoption, particularly in some of our other areas like prenatal screening. So I think we are still fairly bullish on those end markets as we go into 2010.
Ross Muken: And just quickly on the research business, remind us -- I know you had some new product launches, I think, last year or you were coming up against some weak comps in the year prior that made that a particularly strong quarter. What is that -- what are the different factors that impacted that research number? And then, how does the comp compare in Q4?
Rob Friel: Well, in the third quarter of 2008, our research business was up 17%. And to your point, there were some new product introductions that came out, and so we knew we were cycling up against some difficult comps. Actually in Q4 as well, we had a pretty strong. We were up 9% in 2008. So while its less than Q3, it still was a pretty good comp. But I think Q4 should be better from a biodiscovery or from a research perspective because I just think we continue to get sort of the new products down and get good traction in those end markets.
Ross Muken: Great. Thank you, Rob.
Rob Friel: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rob Hawkins with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Rob Hawkins: Hi, good afternoon. Can you spend a little bit of time on OneSource? Where are you guys seeing the resurgence there in that growth? And is it signaling any particular end market in terms of improvement that might, I guess, precede maybe some instrument sales?
Rob Friel: I would say the area in service -- we saw in a couple areas this quarter. First of all, we did see -- and I think Andy alluded to this. We did see a recovery in billable service, which has been down the last couple quarters. So we are viewing that as maybe a potentially positive sign that people are back to sort of repairing their instrumentation. So that was a nice signal in the third quarter. We continue to see good opportunities on the outsourcing side. We mentioned the win in Boehringer Ingelheim, and that was a fairly significant contract for us. So we are still seeing the pharmaceutical companies look to outsource. I would say, the other area is -- and this is an initiative we started probably about 12 months ago. It is branching on into other industries outside of pharmaceutical. And then I would say, the last area, clearly we are seeing increases in our relocation service offering and clearly with the consolidation thats going on in the pharmaceutical industry. There is a lot of opportunity for factories being consolidated to use our relocation service.
Rob Hawkins: Just to follow on that. Just kind of where you are seeing the repairing starting to happen, I mean, is that typically a signal for ahead of people buying replacement instruments again?
Rob Friel: I dont know. I think its probably a little early to make that call, quite frankly. Maybe you see for a couple of quarters, but I would say, I think thats a little premature.
Rob Hawkins: All right. Ill jump back into queue. Thank you.
Rob Friel: Okay.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your next question is from the line of Derik De Bruin, UBS. Please proceed.
Dan: Hi, this is Dan [ph] in for Derik. Rob, in the panels business, you had talked about taking out some costs in the back half of the year that you felt were necessary. How successful were you in doing that? And then what were the impacts to the margin?
Rob Friel: So I think the group in the medical imaging has done a very good job managing the cost. And weve done it through the restructuring weve taken in the third quarter, as well as just doing some furloughs and trying to manage the cost very well. So even with the significant revenue declines that we have experienced in that business, we are still operating at operating margins in excess of the corporate average. And I would say, the other point is I think the organization has done a terrific job in improving the yield through the factory. So we are seeing both cost reductions as well as productivity improvements. Thats really contributing to some very good profitability coming out of that business despite the big decline in revenue.
Dan: Got it. And then in Asia, outside of China it looked like the things were pretty soft. Is there anything you can say about some of the other geographies, India and some of the surrounding areas?
Rob Friel: I think India was okay. Its particularly after the election I think we are seeing some strength there, sort of early days. I would say, the other area we did see some softness was in Japan. And what we believe maybe happening is with the election there that they are re-looking some of their stimulus money, and there seems to be potentially shifting from the life sciences area to energy and those types of areas. So we are keeping an eye on that. But I would say Japan was a little weak for us.
Dan: Okay. And then just finally, can we get an update on what your thoughts are for the reintegration of the specialty lighting business where its not be sold off before you anniversary that?
Rob Friel: I would say our assumption still is that that business will be sold by the end of the year. So I think its probably premature to start talking about how that would be reintegrated, because I think were still fairly confident that in fact well close before the end of the year.
Dan: Okay, thanks.
Rob Friel: Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Isaac Ro, Leerink Swann. Please proceed.
Jody Dai: Hi, this is actually Jody in for Isaac. Thanks for taking our questions. First of all, on diagnostics, how do you feel about the range of acquisition opportunities you have there? And do you have a preference geographically between US, Europe or elsewhere to help your global footprint?
Rob Friel: I think we feel pretty good about our pipeline in that area. And I would say its both. Its both technologies and products that we continue to look to expand our offerings and its also geographic. As you saw, we did two deals that were probably more geographically oriented to get us into India and China. Although having said that, as I mentioned, it did add some product extensions towards an infectious disease. So were really looking at from both perspectives. And I think weve had a pretty good pipeline there, and we continue to see opportunities to expand our capabilities in our diagnostics business.
Jody Dai: Okay. And then, medical imaging, whats your level of visibility in a rebound today versus six months ago? I believe GE said this quarter that their orders are still down high-single digit, which is slightly better sequentially. We wonder if thats what you are seeing as well.
Rob Friel: Yes. I think sort of I implied earlier that we are seeing some improvement, some, I would say, slight order take-up here. And so I think our view is that we probably hit bottom and that we are starting to come back here a little bit. I think Andy mentioned the fact that we also continue to feel like were making good progress on the non-medical markets. And so that will be coming online probably in 2010 as well. So I think we are, I would say, cautiously optimistic that we will start to see some recovery in that business, probably not significant in Q4, but probably into 2010 timeframe.
Jody Dai: I see. Thank you.
Rob Friel: Okay.
Operator: Thank you for your questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Friel for closing remarks.
Rob Friel: Thank you for your questions and continued interest in PerkinElmer. We feel confident that the strategy we set at the beginning of the year to balance cost controls in the short-term while investing in the innovative solutions for our customers and building greater capabilities will position us to be even stronger when the economy recovers. This concludes todays call. Thank you for joining us. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Second Quarter 2009 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. My name is Michele. I will be your coordinator for today's conference. At this time all participants will be in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer and session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). At this time I'd like to turn the call over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Dave Francisco. Please proceed, sir.
David C. Francisco: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. I am Dave Francisco Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer for PerkinElmer. With me on the call are Rob Friel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Andy Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www. PerkinElmer.com or from our toll free Investor hotline at 1-877-PKI-NYSE. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until August 13, 2009. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we've outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent that we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you, Dave. Good afternoon, I appreciate your joining us this afternoon for our second quarter 2009 earnings call. We are quite pleased with our financial performance in the second quarter and are encouraged by our ability to continue to execute successfully in this difficult economic environment. While our revenue declined in the quarter, we are able to expand adjusted operating margins, generate very good cash flow and exceed our EPS guidance. In addition, we continue to introduce new products and expand into adjacent markets, both our product and service offerings. During the second quarter, we launched our New BACS on Beads technology for targeted molecular carrier typing used in prenatal testing, announced the acquisition of Analytica of Branford, which further enhances our mass spectrometry capabilities and expanded our research range of offerings with new AlphaLISA panels and expanded GPCR cell lines. We also increased our commitment to the Indian market with the opening of a new service training and logistics center in Mumbai. Across our entire portfolio, I believe we are striking the appropriate balance between implementing cost reduction actions while maintaining a focus on innovative solutions for our customers. While Andy will get into more detail about our financial results in the quarter I will walk through each of our major end markets. Our Human Health business represented 43% of our revenue in the quarter and organic revenue contracted at a low single-digit rate. This business is primarily focused on developing screening and diagnostic tools and applications to fight disease earlier, provide medical insights more accurately and create critical new therapies more quickly. Within Human Health we serve two end markets, Diagnostics and Research, which represented approximately 26% and 17% of our revenue respectively in the second quarter. Our organic revenue from our Diagnostics business declined at a low single-digit rate in Q2, with screening growing at a mid single-digit rate and medical imaging down over 20%. The solid growth performance in our genetic screen business was driven by continued expansion of neonatal screening, particularly in Asia as well as strong growth in prenatal screening. Our cord blood business grew at a mid single digit rate in the quarter. Despite some pressure of many state budgets, we anticipate that screening will continue to perform well in the second half of 2009. In our Digital Imaging business high end, system orders continue to be deferred due to lack of financing and ongoing hospital constrain on capital expenditures. We continue to broaden our offerings with new OEM partnerships and non-medical applications to help offset the softness in our traditional medical application end markets. However due to the long lead time required for design into these systems, we do not expect to see much benefit from these efforts until 2010. Looking ahead to the balance of 2009; we now expect this market to remain heavily constrained and believe our Diagnostic Imaging business will be down more in the second half of this year then it was in the first half. Our research business provides a broad suite products, reagents and software designed to improve the drug discovery process. In the second quarter, our research business organic revenues declined in a mid single digit rate. We've seen the research market in Pharma spending stabilized. However, during the quarter, we did experience stimulus related order delays in the academic sector as many of our academic customers are redirecting their budgets in hopes of obtaining grant monies for larger instruments purchases. For the remainder of year, we believe that the research market will provide solid mid-single digit growth as funding initiatives from various government stimulus packages are finalized and directed towards specific areas of research. In addition, we believe cellular imaging and cell-based reagents will be areas of increased investment by both our academic and biopharma customers. Environmental Health business represented 57% of our revenue in the second quarter and organic revenue contracted at a low double-digit rate. This business provides a number of applications and technologies that improve and protect the surroundings and environment in which we live and addresses the laboratory services, environmental, safety and security and industrial markets. Our lab services business represented approximately 21% of our revenue and organic revenue grew at a low single-digit rate in the quarter. This business continue to be driven by very strong growth in our multi-vendor one source offering, where we once again added a number of new programs in the quarter. This growth was partially offset by maintenance deferrals and lower pull through service related to instrument sales such as qualification and training. We believe the laboratory service business should continue to perform well for the remainder of 2009, as large customers move to suppliers that support all aspects of their business and the growing need for instrument qualification to restrict their regulatory requirements. The environmental market represented approximately 18% of our revenue in the quarter and organic revenue contracted approximately 20%, Private environmental testing labs continue to be constrained by tight capital budgets. This constraint appears to be most acute with our smaller customers, who continue to have difficulty accessing credit, causing them to extend the life of their existing equipment. An area of offsetting growth however is the production and analysis of renewal energy development in both UV-Vis technologies and LED products. As we look to the second half we're assuming our customers will continue their cautionary bias. However, longer-term we believe regulatory requirements for lower detection limits on new and existing contaminants as well as the identification of new contaminants will drive demand for our product offerings. Safety and security represented 10% of our revenue in the quarter and organic revenue declined at a high single digit rate during the second quarter. Consumer safety laboratories are beginning to ramp up their testing capabilities in preparation for new consumer safety regulations requiring lower detection limits, which are expected to go into effect in August. While food safety laboratories in developed regions are tightening their budgets for traditional technologies and being very selective in their capital investments, increased regulations in developing regions are driving strong growth, particularly in China. Our components offerings primarily used in fire intrusion alarms continue to be negatively impacted due to the decline in commercial and residential constructions. Moving to the second half, we anticipate that construction related spending will continue to be impacted by recessionary pressures, but food and consumers safety will provide some offsetting demand in key technologies. Industrial market represent approximately 8% of our revenues in the quarter and organic revenue declined over 20%. These markets which principally include polymers, chemical, petrochemical and semiconductor end markets continue to be severely impacted by weak industrial spending. We continue to see a sharp decline in traditional chemical and semiconductor markets as CapEx spending remains limited. We expect that due to economic conditions and cautious consumer spending, industrial purchasing will continue to be down significantly through the remainder of 2009. Before I turn the call over to Andy, I would like to discuss our adjusted earnings per share guidance for the full year. During the first half of this year, the majority of our businesses performed as expected or in some cases better than forecasted at the beginning of the year. Our Medical Imaging business is experiencing greater contraction than expected. As I mentioned previously we now believe that it'll decline more in the back half of the year than the first. In addition, due to a shift in the geographic distribution of our income we currently believe that our tax rate will up significantly over 2008 and our 2009 plan. Consequently we do not think it is appropriate to maintain the higher end of our original guidance for adjusted EPS and are narrowing our full year guidance to $1.18 to $1.24 from a $1.18 to $1.32. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Frank A. Wilson: Thanks, Rob and good afternoon everyone. I'll now provide some additional color on our second quarter financial performance as well as provide guidance for both the third quarter and the full year. After my prepared remarks we'll then open up the call for questions. Before moving to the financial details I'd want to clarify that whatever I talked about particular measure being up or down I am referring to an increase or decrease in that measure during the second quarter of 2009 compared to second quarter of 2008. To the extent I use any non-GAAP measures, those measure have been reconciled to the comparable GAAP measure and the financial table of the press release have been posted on our website. As Rob mentioned earlier, we executed well in the second quarter, showing a solid earnings and cash flow performance despite that top line changes we experienced in a very difficult global economy. Revenue for the quarter was down 14%. The unfavorable impact of foreign exchange was 6%, the favorable impact of acquisitions was 1% therefore our organic revenue was down 9% versus the prior year. The remaining revenue analysis in my prepared remarks will be presented excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange and the favorable impact of acquisitions. By segment, organic revenue declined by 4% and 13% in Human Health and Environmental Health respectively. On a regional basis, organic revenue in the Americas declined at the high single-digit rate. Europe declined low double-digits and Asia declined mid single-digits. Within Asia we saw robust growth in China offset by continued pressure in a number of other emerging territories. But many of our markets remain challenging. Adjusted gross margin expanded to 60 basis points in the second quarter, driven by favorable impact of mix as we experienced relatively good performance from our higher margin product offerings. In addition, we have managed our direct labor cost through restructuring actions taken in the first quarter and driven strong productivity gains through aggressive supply chain actions. Adjusted research and development expenses were 25.1 million or approximately 6% of sales in the quarter as we continue to fund the development of innovative new products applications and solutions. Adjusted selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by 18.1 million versus the prior year. SG&A expenses were up as a percentage of sales by approximately 30 basis points as compared to the second quarter of 2008 of which foreign exchange contributed 20 basis points. Successful cost initiatives and lower compensations costs in the quarter were offset by higher pension expense and the funding of strategic investments in our higher growth geographies. GAAP operating profit was 37.9 million in the second quarter of 2009 versus 44.7 million in the second quarter of 2008. On a non-GAAP basis, adjusted operating profit was 52.2 million versus 59.6 million in the second quarter of 2008 which as a percentage of sales represents an increase of 20 basis points year-over-year to 12%. Interest expense, net of interest income for the second quarter was 4.1 million as compared to 4.9 million in the second quarter of 2008. This decrease was primarily due to lower interest rates on outstanding debt balances. In the quarter we had an effective tax rate of 32% on a reported basis which was approximately 650 basis points higher than the prior year. This increase is due to year-over-year shift in the geographic mix of income as our businesses that are experiencing the most significant economic pressure generally have manufacturing facilities in advantageous tax jurisdictions. Although we expect our tax rate to normalize as the economy recovers, the effective tax rate for the second quarter 2009 resulted in the unfavorable impact in the quarter of $0.02 per share over the prior year. GAAP EPS from continued operations in the second quarter of 2009 was $0.20 compared to $0.25 in the second quarter of 2008. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.28 in the second quarter of 2009, down 15% from the prior year. This is above our guidance range for the second quarter of 25 to $0.27 and ahead of our stock consensus estimates of $0.27. Regarding share count, we had 116.3 million average diluted outstanding shares in the quarter, which was essentially flat sequentially. Turning to balance sheet, we continue to maintain a very strong financial position. We finished the second quarter with approximately 373 million of net debt, which we define as short and long-term debt minus cash. This reflects a sequential reduction in net debt of 9 million in addition to the 30 million of reduced outstanding borrowing related to termination of our account receivable securitization program. We made the decision to terminate this program in the second quarter, as we believe we have sufficient liquidity available from the existing sources which were at significantly lower borrowing cost. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately 151 million of cash and approximately 260 million of un-drawn availability under our revolving on credit with no mandatory maturities due until 2012. Looking at the cash flow statement in the second quarter of 2009, operating cash flow from continuing operations was 39.4 million as compared to 71.9 million in the second quarter of 2008. As we previously mentioned our second quarter 2009 performance was impacted by the termination of our account receivable securitization program which reduced operating cash flow by $30 million. As discussed in the first quarter call, while this is essentially a financing transaction, accounting standards requires us to treat the net changes in the program as operating cash flows. Therefore our adjusted operating cash flow from continuing operations was 69.4 million in second quarter of 2009 representing a modest decline of 3% over the same period last year. Working capital returns were essentially flat year-over-year. Our continued focus on working capital has minimized the impact of the external pressures on commercial terms due to current economic conditions. In summary we're pleased with our financial performance for the quarter, particularly in light of a very difficult global economy. Let me provide further detail on our guidance. Despite exceeding expectations for the first half of 2009, we feel as prudent to moderate our full year guidance range due to a number of factors. As Rob mentioned while we continue to see stabilization and solid growth across much of the portfolio including our screening research and service markets we now believe the economic challenges we face in Medical Imaging and industrial end markets will be more protracted than originally anticipated. Ongoing capital spending constrains in these markets continues to negatively impact demand. For the second half of 2009 we did not see a significant in these factors and therefore we expect organic revenue to decline in the high single-digit in the third quarter and the mid to high single-digit in the fourth quarter. As a result, we now expect our full year organic revenue performance to be at the low end of our original 2009 guidance range or down mid single-digits. Mitigating much of the top line decline as an expected favorable sales mix and improved foreign currency environment and a reduction in labor cost due to additional head count reductions, already completed during the third quarter. Additionally we expect our distribution of income to be generally consistent with the second quarter through the remainder of the year and therefore we are estimating our effective tax rate to be approximately 30% in the second half of 2009, representing additional head winds for the balance of year earnings guidance. Bringing all these factors together we're narrowing our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance range for 2009 from $1.18 to $1.32 to a new range of $1.18 to $1.24. Adjusted earnings per share for the third quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.25 to $0.27. In conclusion we're pleased with our financial performance in the first half of 2009. As Rob mentioned, our employees have executed extremely well in a very challenging environment. As an organization we've maintained a strong focus on the priorities we set at the beginning of the year and have performed well against those objectives. As we mentioned, we remain focused in the long-term, we've maintained that focus throughout this economic downturn. We fully expect that based on this commitment we will emerge a stronger company as the economy recovers. And now I'll turn the call over to Dave.
David C. Francisco: We would like to open up the call for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from the line of Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Ross Muken: Good afternoon.
Robert Friel: Good afternoon Ross.
Ross Muken: As we look at sort of the top-line I wanted to dig into a few things so as we look at sort of the sequential progression now, I understand on the industrial side where in, on the panel have sort of we saw that deterioration there that's fairly consistent with what we seen with other companies and some of other business units whether it's research or diagnostics end of services we saw a relatively drastic deceleration Q-over-Q has that made you think at all differently about sort of how the days impact affected you in Q1 and in turn when we will have sort of reversal in Q4 or was there something else going on in some of these business units. I know you noted some of the maintenance part of services, but some of the kits and some of the other consumable pieces that cause kind of a relatively drastic kind of flip?
Robert Friel: Yes let me take them sort of one at a time. So I think in the service instance, it was probably the days benefit in Q1, I think we sort of mentioned than in Q1 we thought 11% was probably high and we thought it was probably a mid to may be high single digit growth otherwise. And that's pretty much what we saw in Q2. And just to remind you this doesn't slip for us in Q4. So this is not a situation where we put days in Q1 and it reverses in Q4.
Ross Muken: Right, you have one day left.
Robert Friel: We just have extra days because we are on a fiscal calendar. But then we saw -- I think services, the performance here is been fairly consistent. And I think if you look at Q1 growth versus Q2 growth it's probably just the extra couple of days we had. In the case of biodiscovery, it was really more of a I would say it was two factors. One, it was a function of Q1 and Q2 '08. And I think we tried to mention last quarter. I don't know whether we were sort of specific as our people understood as well. But if you looked at Q1 '08, we were down 7% in Bio-discovery and we grew low double-digit. So, we had a significant improvement and that was a big driver to the fact that we were flat in Q1. If you look at Q2 of '08 Bio-discovery grew 8%. And so in 2008 we went from minus 7 to plus 8 from Q1 to Q2. And we suspected that was going to be an issue and that's why we guided in Q2 to sort of mid down mid single, I think we're sort of guiding to sort of down 5%. Now having said that I think Bio-discovery was a little lower than we thought, fundamentally because we believe some of our academic customers did delay some instrument purchases to in order to qualify them under the stimulus package. So, I would say Bio-discovery was little lower than we thought but not significantly. And in fact if you look at the business by instrument and reagents and service you see the consumer reagents and service actually up low single-digits and you look then the instrument businesses is down quite significantly, sort of down single-digit. And so my sense is in Bio-discovery what you will see is a return to more positive growth in the back half, even though having said that we some difficult comparisons as well. I believe in the third quarter of '08, bio-discovery was up mid teens. So I think it's really more of a function of looking at what happens in '08.
Ross Muken: Okay. And now on that panels business, obviously that's been a market, that's relatively volatile for some time and it has been deteriorating, so maybe you built out capacity, 24 months ago. We ramped up. Now we are going through a bit of an industry contraction.  I realize the top line is going to be constrained. How should we think about that relative to the margin profile and what that's going to do to sort of constraining some expansion across the segment?
Robert Friel: Well, I think it puts a lot of pressure on us in the back half. I think, very frankly in the first half the business did a good job of taking the cost out as much as they could. To offset what we saw was probably about a 20% decline in the first half and they did a nice job of holding their margins in there. I think and as I mentioned we're going to see probably another step down here in the back half. It's going to be much harder to take the cost out than we did in the first half. So I think it will have an impact on our margins. And that's probably one of the bigger contributors to the fact that in the back half of the year, we do not expect to see margin expansion while in the first half we're able to, despite the revenue decline.
Ross Muken: Okay. And then lastly on the tax rate, it's a pretty big delta from what the original expectation was. So sort of what happened, was it in the planning process, I mean was there something that drastically changed in Q2 from a mix perspective, I'm just trying to understand.
Robert Friel: Yeah I think in fact if we look at the first half we saw some of it in Q1 but it was confirmed in Q2. So, I think probably the easiest way to think about it this is we probably got 40% of our income, that is generated in tax advantaged areas, in most cases this is the far east. And that has now gone through instead of being 40% of our income, being more like 30% of our income. Because while our income has been about the same, it shifted from businesses that do their production in Asia to businesses that don't do their production in Asia. So that 10% shift, if you look at the tax rate differential between where we have sort of advantages rates, it's about 20 points. So it's driving our tax rate 200 basis points relative to the plan. And if you look year-over-year its even more than that.
Ross Muken: But I guess just relative to what you saw in Q1, while that adjustment wasn't done that, I guess it's just because if you got to confirm the Q2 and now you have to adjust back half?
Robert Friel: That's right. And then also keep in mind we were flat in Q1 and down nine in Q2. And along that further segregation of revenue within business is like analytical instruments and elimination and detection and quite frankly that's where a lot of the production occurs in the tax advantaged areas.
Ross Muken: Okay, great. Thank you, Rob.
Robert Friel: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg. Please proceed.
Jonathan Groberg: Hi, good afternoon thanks for taking my call.
Robert Friel: Good afternoon.
Jonathan Groberg: Hey Rob, if I look at the guidance, just kind of walk through from the EPS through the end of the year, it looks like, are you expecting to take maybe some more restructuring charges or those just the ones you took in the first half or is there any more restructuring given kind of...
Robert Friel: We've done some things already in Q3, that will flow through, but that's not reflected in the sort of adjusted guidance.
Jonathan Groberg: There was just an adjustment for restructuring charges. So that's not in the guidance, so you maybe even being a little bit more aggressive on the restructuring. Is that what you are saying?
Robert Friel: Not clear what your question was here maybe on relative to...
Jonathan Groberg: Relative to the guidance that you provided in your press release, are you planning any more -- is there opportunity for are you planning any more restructuring?
Robert Friel: No, not more then what we've done already. As I mentioned we've done some early this quarter. But that's factored into the guidance.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay, that was what I was after and then if you look at -- it sounded like you remained fairly positive still on the Bio-cell business but that was hanging in there okay?
Robert Friel: I think that's right. I think we looked at actually for the first half we still did double-digit, down a little bit in Q2 relative to Q1 but we're still a double-digit growth rate.
Jonathan Groberg: You said mid single-digits in the second quarter?
Robert Friel: Mid single in the second, right.
Jonathan Groberg: Now if you grow mid single-digits for that, I know there was a potential for lot of gross margin leverage in that particular business if you could walk through, does it change, is your assumption is there kind of mid single-digits or that you kind of...
Robert Friel: Yeah, I think that's right for the back half and to your point is we can still get good margin expansion there just -- and I think I mentioned as first quarter by itself is now at a higher operating margin level than the corporate average.
Jonathan Groberg: So if you even if that slowed down a little, you still are going to continue to get that leverage?
Robert Friel: Yes.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. And then can you just talk lastly about on the actual new needle screening I know that was maybe a concern given state budgets but it seems like you're feeling a little bit better about that, can you maybe just tell us about that?
Robert Friel: Yeah, I think that did okay in the quarter and was sort of like mid-single was a new born screening and I think as we get into the latter part of the year, I think that's going to return to sort of a high single low digit growth.
Jonathan Groberg: And then the confidence, what is -- I just remember before you're saying you're little worried about budgets and so what gives you the confidence in that?
Robert Friel: Yeah. I think we're starting to see some of that lighting up a little. And if you recall, I mentioned toward the end of year there was some destocking of reagents that was going on. I think we're through that cycle. And we're also seeing some good growth in Asia than I mentioned, I mean both China and Korea, granted although relatively low base or were up over 20% and we're starting to see opportunity to expand in that region in the world.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. And then last question any business that you want to try and sell, any progress there, what's kind of outlook with those businesses?
Robert Friel: No, I think they continue well. We've got a couple of people looking at them. And my expectation is we should be able to close something by the end of the year.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Robert Friel: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Quintin Lai of Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Quintin Lai: Hi, good afternoon.
Robert Friel: Good afternoon.
Quintin Lai: When looking at how use up the outlook for the back half of the year. So on the industrial side, you kind of mentioned that you're not expecting much on the chemical side. When that business starts to come back, is there a lag effect for your equipment, so I guess, we have to wait for visibility for that before we then begin to see visibility for a return for you guys?
Robert Friel: I think so my own view is the longer that the sort of delayed capital expenditures occur, the more rapid increase should be because as you know these are -- these things do sort of either wear out or become technologically obsolete. So we can't sort of defer forever here.
Quintin Lai: Okay.
Robert Friel: But I think that's I would say that's both on the instrument side as well as the component side
Quintin Lai: And then with respect to your expectations in the back half for food, safety and water; there are several initiatives like tomorrow there is going to be a special BNDC for food safety. What are you're expectations and as you set your expectations, does that bake into any some of these new initiatives that are being circulated on the whole?
Robert Friel: Yes, so I would say generally speaking and you probably get the sense we've got fairly modest expectation for the back half of the year. And while you can sort a see a line of information in the media that would suggest that the back half is going to be stronger, in fact I saw I think in NewsWeek  that said the recession is over. I would our underlying data, our orders and our leads would not sort of suggest that right now. Granted, I don't know if anybody's visibility is great. But so I guess our position is sort of rooting for the media but sort of planning based on the data that we're looking at.
Quintin Lai: All right. Then...
Robert Friel: And so we're being fairly I would say maybe conservative but maybe realistic on the back half. I'm not assuming much pick-up in either the industrial markets, clearly not the medical imaging markets and probably not significantly on the environmental markets.
Quintin Lai: All right. Superb. And then finally, just would love to get your thoughts as much as you can share on consolidation given the news earlier this week about agile in variance?
Robert Friel: Yes, so I would say first of all, I know its part not appropriate to come on sort of a pending transaction. But I would say generally when you think about sort of the analytical instrument industry, you really compete there I would say on level of service, quality of product offering and probably application knowledge and I would say we feel pretty good about our position in those areas. And I will just sort of leave it at that.
Quintin Lai: All right. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Leerink Swann. Please proceed.
Isaac Ro: Hi. Thank you for taking the question.
Robert Friel: Hi Isaac.
Isaac Ro: First one on medical imaging, the initial proposals for CMS reimbursement suggested that we might feel little more pressure on reimbursement for various medical imaging applications. So I'm wondering is a low environment may be heading to next year, based on your assumptions for that business and are you looking for sort of any changes there that might impact demand for your products relative to just -- CapEx pressures?
Robert Friel: I would say at this point, we are focused probably year on the next six months and may be the early part of 2010 from sort of production loading perspective and I would say that's not really been factored into yet, quite frankly because we are not at the stage now, we are sort of thinking about how we would lower the fab for 2010. And obviously that will be a consideration. I would say right now as I mentioned it just seems that the demand generally for the imaging instrumentation is down quite significantly and I think it's a combination of pressure on hospital budgets and the continued lack of financing available. So it's probably -- those issues are probably a little bit outside our planning horizon, right now.
Isaac Ro: Fair enough. Okay, and then if we just switch over to the one-source services business, if I remember correctly you guys had a huge second quarter '08 there. So is it fair to say that lower growth rate, I think you said, mid to low single-digits, I believe was down a function of a tough comp and could we may be see a better a restoration in the growth rate there for the back half?
Robert Friel: Yeah, I think that's fair. I mean I think across the company, if you recall, we were 10% organic in Q2 of '08 and there is a number of businesses that did quite well. So I think that's clearly have some impact on our Q2 and I think we would expect service to be up a little stronger in the back half.
Isaac Ro: Great. Okay. And then if I think you might have in any of these comments that made some cost reductions here initially in the quarter and I think you said that we could see flat sequential operating expenses, is that what you said?
Frank Wilson: Yeah, that is correct.
Isaac Ro: Okay. Those were all my questions, I appreciate it.
Robert Friel: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with UBS. Please Proceed.
Derik De Bruin: Hey, good afternoon.
Robert Friel: Hi Derik.
Derik De Bruin: Hey. So going to the services business, I means did if I remember correctly and I'm not going to be wouldn't you -- did you guys have like a pretty big contract we're sharing and are you expecting any -- have you fully encountered for the big pharma consolidations with your outlook?
Robert Friel: Yeah, actually we think at least the pharma consolidation that occurred so far is actually been -- will be helpful to us. And so I think if anything we think to move towards consolidation is placed well into service business, not only from one source perspective but as you recall about a year and half ago, we invested in sort of relocation and recalibration company. And so we're not only giving, we think growth from the standpoint of as these companies consolidate, they're looking to do more this type of work, but also the actual consolidation of the spaces actually providing growth for us.
Derik De Bruin: Right, I got it but do you have -- have you received words from the consolidating companies that they are going to continue on the contract?
Robert Friel: Yes.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. That's what I was going for, thanks. So what's your estimate for these FX impact in the second half in Q3, Q4?
Robert Friel: For the bottom line?
Derik De Bruin: Topline.
Robert Friel: I think topline, we're assuming that FX pretty is much, where it is in the second quarter.
Derik De Bruin: Right.
Frank Wilson: It's a dominimous impact on the bottom line.
Derik De Bruin: Right.
Robert Friel: Of a ten year less.
Derik De Bruin: Yes, so that's what with that ten about down, in Q3 and like plus one in Q4?
Robert Friel: Yeah.
Derik De Bruin: All right. And I guess result of some of the restructuring and some of the discontinued operations I mean you've seen some really good gross margin improvement. I guess you ended last year with about 45% gross margin. Is that -- you're expecting that margin to hold in there for the full year?
Robert Friel: Yes, I believe for the back half, we should be able to hold that margin.
Derik De Bruin: And what was the contribution, the annual sales for the businesses you've acquired?
Robert Friel: About 1%.
Derik De Bruin: For the -- I mean I'm sorry in total of the trailing 12 months numbers so I can factor it into the forward look?
Robert Friel: Say that again.
Derik De Bruin: I just wanted to how big the businesses worth that you acquired? They are about a percentage sales in the quarter; I just wanted to know what that was on an annual basis?
Frank Wilson: Derik, this is Andy, I'll circle back you and get you that number. I don't have it in front of me.
Derik De Bruin: Thanks.
Robert Friel: Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Hawkins with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Robert Hawkins: Hi. Good afternoon.
Robert Friel: Good afternoon.
Robert Hawkins: I guess can we go little bit more into the high end instruments and where you guys are seeing some demand. What you guys experience on either side, on either the environmental or the health side is being kind of must have piece of equipment for folks in the downturn?
Robert Friel: I would say the area in the bio-discovery that we continue to do quite well is on the imaging side. So the operations may continue to do quite well. And then we came out with a new product in January, which sort of a lower priced offer, which we call upper headed, that's doing quite well. So I would say those are the areas, actually even some of our products in the very sort of high throughout screening area, the ViewLux's and some of the higher-ends are also saw some decent demand. So I would say that's on the bio-discovery side. On the environmental side, it appears actually enough that the demand is for the higher-end more sensitive instruments. And that's we are seeing, at least what we are seeing higher growth in those areas. So the ICPMSs those types of things that are sort of provide you more sensitivity.
Robert Hawkins: And are you guys seeing anything I mean there has been a lot of talk obviously about stimulus related to the health side of research and IAH. There is another $40 billion that's running to the Department of Energy that seems to fall over into bunch of other areas, are any of those dollars showing up in any other discussions among your sales force?
Robert Friel: I think a little of that in the alternative energy areas, we're seeing some discussions around that area. But I wouldn't say a significant dollars for us yet, but there are some discussions around that area.
Robert Hawkins: And timing related to that, is that something that's more of a 2010?
Robert Friel: I think so. I think its 2010, maybe a little bit in the tailend end of this year but mostly in 2010.
Robert Hawkins: All right. Thanks. I'll jump back in the queue.
Robert Friel: Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Peter Lawson with Thomas Weisel Partners, please proceed.
Peter Lawson: Rob, I just wonder if I can continue the question on that stimulus trend, have you seen any benefit from the Chinese stimulus trend and any hospital build outs in China?
Robert Friel: Yeah, I think we have closings and benefits from the Chinese stimulus plans. I don't know if Andy will mention it but our China business was up fairly significantly in the quarter close to 20% and clearly that is being the stimulus money is causing some of that.
Peter Lawson: And then just on the dependent industry consolidation, how do you think that's going to change your strategy in anyway or what's going to happen to pricing in the industry.
Robert Friel: I sort of mentioned it before I don't know at this point whether it necessarily has a significant impact on our strategy because like I said I think its really on sort of application knowledge quality product and service and I think that's really at the end of day, it really what drives the buying decision from the customer. And I think in the short-term, people can make some pricing decisions but over the long-term, I think they are really looking for the level of service and the application knowledge and really the continued relationship that you have. I think that's increasingly becoming more and more important.
Peter Lawson: Thank you. And then just a question for Andy, the impact on the bottom line from FX or any benefits from hedging this quarter?
Frank Wilson: For the quarter, there was basically no impact from either.
Peter Lawson: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And there are no further questions in queue at this time.
Robert Friel: Okay, great. Thank you. So as we did in the first half, we'll continue to manage the current economic environment through focusing on cash flow, driving our consumer and agent service and trying to contain really all the non-customer related cost while continue investing in innovation in high growth areas. Really trying to remain committed to a balanced approach for providing the opportunity to build even stronger company, one thats targeted on not only high growth rates but improving the help and safety of people in the environment. So thank you for joining us today. This concludes today's call. And then have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. And everyone have a great day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Q1 2009 PerkinElmer Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dave Francisco, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasury. Please proceed.
Dave Francisco: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. I'm Dave Francisco, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer for PerkinElmer. With me on the call today are Rob Friel, President and Chief Executive Officer and Mike Battles, Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer. If you've not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com or from our toll-free investor hotline at 1-877-PKI-NYSE. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until May 14, 2009. Before we begin we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent that we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel.
Rob Friel: Thank you, Dave. Good afternoon and I appreciate you joining us this afternoon for our first quarter 2009 earnings call. We are quite pleased with our financial performance in the first quarter. Despite difficult economic conditions revenue was flat organically and we were able to expand operating margins and generate very good cash flow. The first quarter of 2009 marked the first quarter that our operating structure was aligned according to human and environmental health. Our increased emphasis on these two attractive end markets coupled with our ability to provide a broad array of service offerings has allowed us to perform relatively well in the first quarter. In addition, we continue to make good progress on improving operational execution both in the factory and in our front-end organizations. Additionally, we expanded our portfolio of innovative products with significant product launches in the cellular analysis, newborn screening and the analytical sciences area. We also increased our commitment to advancing drug discovery and life sciences research in Asia with the inauguration of a Center of Excellence in Singapore. I'm also pleased to announce that we're strengthening our executive management team with the addition of Andy Wilson who will be joining us as our new Chief Financial Officer in mid-May. I'm very pleased that Andy is joining us. Andy is someone I have known since the mid '90s when we worked together at AlliedSignal. He brings some great financial experience starting out at KPMG and having worked at some very good companies like Pepsi, AlliedSignal, and Danaher. In addition he is experienced in business development and operations and most recently served as Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. So brings a good breadth of experience including a strong knowledge of Wall Street. I'd also like to take this opportunity to publicly express my appreciation to Mike Battles for serving as Acting CFO over the last couple of quarters and doing a terrific job overseeing the finance organization. Turning to our market conditions in the first quarter; to summarize, several of our end markets performed a little better than we anticipated while in a few of our markets conditions have continued to deteriorate. Overall, we did not experience any significant surprises relative to our expectations. Looking at each of the segments, our human health business represented 41% of our revenue in the quarter and grew 3% organically. This business is primarily focused on developing screening and diagnostic tools and applications to fight disease, provide medical insights more accurately and create critical new therapies more quickly. Within human health, we serve two end markets, Diagnostics and Research, which represented approximately 23% and 18% of our revenue respectively in the first quarter. Revenue from our diagnostics business declined in the low-single digits organically in Q1, with screening growing in the mid-single digit and medical imaging down double digits. Increased revenue in our genetic screening business was driven by continued [expansion at] screening in both the emerging territories and western European countries and strong double-digit growth from the ViaCord business. This was somewhat offset by continued strict inventory management at the U.S. State Labs. In our medical imaging business, the decline in revenue over last year was due to the difficult comparisons from the first half of 2008 as we added significant capacity early last year and was able to work off outstanding backlog thereby growing well in excess of market rates. In addition, the current overall market demand for imaging systems is down in the medical area due to constraints on hospital's capital budgets and lack of financing availability. We continue to see increased penetration in the non-medical markets and are aggressively ramping up new programs in these areas, but they still represent a relatively small portion of the business. In the research area, we provide a broad suite of products including reagents cellular analysis, lab automation and detection capabilities that are used to improve the drug discovery progress. Our research business grew in the low double digits in the first quarter. Our growth in this area was attributed to demand from recent new product introductions in the reagent area as well as cellular imaging and analysis products with enhanced imaging software. We are also cycling up against a relatively weak Q1 2008. Within this business, we experienced strong growth in the academic and clinical labs with the pharmaceutical and biotech markets roughly flat. Unlike the overall economy, we believe the research market has stabilized and may potentially provide some upside later in the year as funding from the various government stimulus packages are directed in specific areas of research. The environmental health business represented 59% of our revenue in the first quarter and contracted 3% organically. In the environmental health area, we provide a number of applications and technologies that improve and protect the surroundings and the environment in which we live. This business includes the environmental safety and security, industrial as well as laboratory services markets. Our lab services business represented approximately 21% of our revenue and grew low double digits organically in the quarter. This was driven by very strong growth of our multi-vendor OneSource program where we added a number of new customers and continued to gain good momentum in penetrating markets beyond our traditional customer market base. This strong growth from both OneSource and contract revenue more than offset the deferral of maintenance as some customers are prioritizing spending away from repairing instruments. In addition to seeing good penetration outside our traditional end markets of pharmaceutical and academic labs, we also experienced strong growth in every geographic region of the world as recent increases in our service capabilities outside the U.S. and Europe are paying dividends. The environmental markets represented approximately 17% of our revenue in the quarter and contracted in the mid-single digits organically. Private testing labs are reducing capital purchases in response to lower demand and tight credit markets, whereas we are seeing increased spending from academic and government-owned labs. Another area of growth is our products sold in the production and analysis of renewable energy development. However, at this time it is still a relatively small percentage of our business. Safety and security represented 14% of our revenue in the quarter and declined in the mid-single digits organically. Consumer product and food testing grew in the quarter due to increased testing demands for mercury, lead and pesticide testing as well as legislation requiring new testing requirements for consumer product safety applications. More than offsetting this growth was a decline in our products that serve the pharma QA/QC market as pharmaceutical companies have cut back investing in this area in the short term. In addition, our components in the gas monitoring and intrusion alarms are being negatively impacted due to the overall economic environment. The industrial market, which represented approximately 8% of our revenue in the quarter, declined approximately 20% organically. These markets that for us, principally include chemical, petrochemical and semiconductor end markets are being severely impacted by economic conditions as these industries are facing both lower demand for their products as well as a need to preserve capital. I will now turn the call over to Mike to discuss the first quarter financial results in more detail and guidance for the remainder of the year.
Mike Battles: Thank you, Rob. Good afternoon, everyone. I will now provide more details on our Q1 financial performance and guidance for Q2 in 2009 before we open the call for questions. Before I get into the details, I want to clarify that whenever I talk about a particular measure being up or down, I'm referring to an increase or decrease in that measure during the first quarter of 2009 compared to the first quarter of 2008. To the extent that I use any non-GAAP measures those numbers have been reconciled to a comparable GAAP measure in the financial tables of the press release or posted on our website. As Rob discussed earlier, Q1 was another solid quarter of financial performance, particularly considering the difficult economic conditions. Revenue was down 6% as compared to the same period last year. The unfavorable impact of foreign exchange net of acquisitions was 6%. Therefore, revenue growth was flat versus the prior year excluding these items. The remaining revenue analysis is presented excluding the favorable impact of foreign exchange and the favorable impact of acquisitions. By segments, sales grew 3% for human health and declined 3% for environmental health. On a regional basis, the Americas grew low-single digits, Europe declined mid-single digits and Asia grew mid-single digits. Within Asia, we saw strong growth in China, India and Japan offset by continued pressure and key emerging territories where currencies remain weak. Regions across the globe experienced similar trends within their respective end markets where as Rob mentioned innovative technologies, reagents, consumables and lab services all performed relatively well offset by poor performance in a more capital intensive offerings. Also contributing to the growth in the quarter was the fact that due to our fiscal calendar every five years we have additional days in our fiscal year, which was the case in the first quarter of 2009. Although it's difficult to determine the precise impact, we believe that these additional days may have added approximately 2% to the overall growth, primarily based on our reagent, consumables and service offerings. Regarding gross margins, we saw 170 basis points of expansion in the first quarter of 2009 driven primarily by the favorable impact of mix as we experienced relatively good performance from our higher margin product offerings. Additionally, we generated strong productivity gains from our ongoing cost initiatives and restructuring actions taken early in the quarter related to direct labor in response to anticipated lower demand. Research and development expenses were $26 million in the first quarter of 2009. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, R&D expenses were up as compared to the prior year as we continue to invest in our strong pipeline of innovative products, applications and solutions. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by $2.4 million versus the prior year. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, SG&A expenses increased as a percentage of sales compared to the first quarter of 2008. This increase was attributable to higher selling expense as compared to the prior year primarily related to our continued commitment in investing for growth, particularly in emerging territories. In addition to the increase in selling expense as mentioned in our January call, our pension expense is higher this year. Offsetting these increases were tight cost controls on G&A expenses. During the quarter, we recorded $7.8 million pre-tax restructuring charge, primarily related to headcount actions in an effort to resize certain businesses to match decreases in end market demand. GAAP operating profit was $25.7 million in the first quarter of 2009 versus $33.4 million in Q1 of 2008. On a non-GAAP basis, adjusted operating profit was $48.4 million, which was flat from the prior year as a percentage of sales and represents an additional 70 basis points year-on-year to 11.2%. Looking at expenses below operating income, interest expense net of interest income for the first quarter was $4.1 million as compared to interest expense of $5 million in the first quarter of 2008. This decrease was primarily led to lower interest rates. In the quarter, we had an effective tax rate of 28% on a reported basis, which was approximately 170 basis points higher than the prior year. This increase is due to a change in geographic mix of income year-on-year, and we expect this rate to continue throughout the rest of 2009. GAAP EPS from continuing operations for the first quarter of 2009 was $0.13 compared to $0.18 in the first quarter of 2008. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations, including the effects of stock-based compensation, was $0.26 for the first quarter of 2009, flat from the prior year. This is above the range of our guidance for the quarter of $0.21 to $0.23 and exceeds First Call consensus estimates of $0.20. Regarding share count, we ended the quarter with 116.5 million shares outstanding. In the first quarter of 2009, we repurchased 1 million of our shares in the open market. We have 8 million shares left in the current repurchase authorization. Turning to the balance sheet, we continue to maintain a very strong financial position. We finished Q1 with $382 million of net debt, which we define as short- and long-term debt minus cash. We continue to maintain a strong liquidity position with $162 million of cash and approximately $250 million of undrawn availability under our revolving line of credit. We also have no mandatory maturities of debt until 2012. Looking at the cash flow statement, during the first quarter of 2009 we generate operating cash flows from continuing operations of $18.8 million as compared to $24.9 million in the first quarter of 2008. However, we reduced the drawn amount under our accounts receivable securitization facility by $10 million in the quarter due to the increased costs associated with this asset-backed securitization. While this is essentially a financing transaction, accounting standards require us to treat the net changes as operating cash flows. Therefore, our adjusted operating cash flows were $28.8 million in the first quarter of 2009 representing an increase of 16% over the same period last year. Our continued focus on working capital performance has effectively mitigated the impact of external pressures on commercial terms due to the economic conditions. Accounts receivable, exclusive of the reduction in the AR securitization facility, provided approximately $30 million in working capital in the quarter. Working capital turns were relatively flat year-on-year. In summary, we're pleased with our financial performance in the quarter given the global economic conditions and continued challenges in the credit markets. Let me now provide further detail on our guidance. Although we exceeded our financial targets in the first quarter, we believe that there is continued economic uncertainty in many of our end markets. Therefore, at this time we feel it is prudent to reconfirm our previously issued guidance for the full year of 2009. For the second quarter of 2009, we don't see a significant change in our end markets, but we are cycling up against more difficult comparisons in a few of our businesses. Therefore, we believe organic revenue growth will be down low to mid-single digits and adjusted earnings for share will be flat sequentially, plus or minus a penny, which is consistent with the current consensus. In conclusion, we feel good about how we performed in the quarter. We believe that our financial performance was attributed to our ability to execute well, while at the same time deepening our focus and increasing our investments in both human and environmental health. This included launching a strong pipeline of innovative products, applications and services, establishing collaborations and business development activities and launching customer facing activities around the world focused on improving the health and safety of people and their environment. Before I open the call to questions since Q1 of 2009 is the first quarter in which we are now reporting under the new environmental health and human health business segments. As a convenience to our analysts and investors, we have placed on our website under the Investors section, a historical quarterly segment results for 2008, where we provide the GAAP results as well as the reconciliation to the adjusted results for both human and environmental health. I would now like to open the call to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question will come from the line of Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Ross Muken: On the diagnostic assets, could you dig a little deeper on sort of some of the trends you have seen in that business, and if you could talk about what you have seen in sort of the reimbursed assets versus the non-reimbursed? Then in terms of on the cord blood side of things, it seems like that business is held in pretty well. I'm assuming it's sort of performing as you expected and in terms of as we exited the quarter is the same level of kind of demand holding up as we head into Q2 as we sort of saw and then it was sort of just a steady state?
Rob Friel: Let me start off by talking about, I'd say the systems business, which is really sort of a newborn and prenatal screening and I think what we are seeing there is in the U.S., it is sort of flat because as I mentioned there is continued pressure on the U.S. State Labs and their budgets. We think there is maybe another quarter of that. I think I mentioned in December we were seeing some safety stock reductions and we think that's probably another quarter of that and we start to see growth in the back half, but clearly there is a slowdown in adding tests to the menu. But we continue to see good growth outside the U.S. whether it's in Europe or in the developing areas. So I would say in those cases it is not so much a function of reimburse versus non-reimburse. It's really more of a function of geography. So from that perspective, I think those business will do well in the back half. With regard to the cord blood, I think there is two things that's going on there. It seems to be fairly recession resilient up to this point and I think it really speaks to the lack of penetration or the fact that it's penetrated probably in the higher sort of economic arenas. The other thing that is happening is I think we are doing a better job of understanding the fact that we can market cord blood as part of a much larger enterprise. If you look at really the buying factors that people consider when they are going to store blood for let's say 18 or 20 years, one of the major factors they look at is the financial viability of the people they are storing the blood with. I'd say fortunately when you look at our competitors or you look at other people that are offering cord blood, they've the tendency of being small companies, in most cases private companies and not very well-financially capitalized. I think we have done a nice job recently of pointing that out and taking advantage of the significant financial strength that PerkinElmer has and consequently I believe we are taking share.
Ross Muken: On the service piece, it seems like there's a lot more interest there across the board, as people have been delaying purchases, they're more, I guess, aware of keeping the existing boxes whether your own or not your own kind of working at tip-top shape. Can you characterize the effect of the delayed purchasing versus share gain in terms of the impressive growth in that business?
Rob Friel: I think that's a piece of it. But although I have to say when we don't sell as much instruments, or when we don't sell as much boxes there is a potential negative impact from the service organization because when we sell an instrument we do get some follow-ons revenue in our service organization, whether it's training or validation from that perspective. So there is a little bit of a negative impact on the service organization when we don't sell instruments. But having said that I think your theory is correct, as people hold on and stretch out purchases of new equipment. They're spending more on service. I think the other thing that's happening as people come under pressure from a productivity perspective. They really look at service as an opportunity to reduce their costs inside the lab and really focus their expenditures now on things that can help them develop new products.
Ross Muken: Lastly on the guidance. You guys had a really nice quarter here. You kept the guidance. I know the end market environment is still a little bit challenging, but given the fact that the 2Q guidance quarter-over-quarter at least from an EPS perspective looks to be flat. What are you seeing or which specific businesses are you most intently focused on that kind of keep you reserved? Obviously industrial is an obvious one, but aside from industrial to keep you a bit more reserved from being a bit more aggressive on the guidance.
Rob Friel: I'd say we think about our markets and we alluded to that. I think genetic screening is stable, continues to do well. I think bio-discovery is probably stabilizing and may be provides a little bit of an upside depending on the funding of the stimulus packages. I think service continues to do well. I'd say that one that probably concerns me most of all is medical imaging, and I think we thought that was going to be sort of flattish in the first half, may be a little bit of pickup in the back half, and I think I continue to be concerned about the recovery of that business fundamentally being driven by the lack of financing and also the continued pressure on hospital budgets. So I would say that's the one that I'm sort of most concerned about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Leerink Swann. Please proceed.
Isaac Ro: On the environmental testing market, could you give us a sense of any new regulations that you're seeing that may be incremental this year or maybe perhaps next year as related to the stimulus package? Just trying to figure out how the regulatory environment is working in your favor.
Rob Friel: There was a new regulation that was passed. I think it was February 10th that increases the testing requirements on consumer products. It was passed in the United States, and so we are seeing some benefit from that. With regard to the stimulus, I think there are a number of things both in whether it's U.S. I think it is $13 billion going after sort of energy efficiency, some $94 billion on environmental, some $32 billion going into materials and food in addition to the some $120 billion that's going into health care. So I think there are a number of things in the U.S. where we think we can probably see some benefit for. Then a number of the other areas, China has got a fair amount of money going into health care, energy efficiency, and infrastructure improvements as well as a number of the European countries. So I think there are a number of opportunities there for us. I think the real question is whether it is a 2009 benefit or whether it's a 2010 benefit.
Isaac Ro: If it is later this year or early next when you see the first real pickup?
Rob Friel: I think in some areas we will see probably in the fourth quarter, I think probably in our cellular imaging area where we seem to be getting a fair amount of traction at least some of the grants that have been written. So if that funding comes out early fourth quarter, we could see some benefit. I would say we haven't factored any of that in our forecasts or in our guidance. So I think that would be an upside.
Isaac Ro: Then just lastly, I think, last couple of quarters, there has been talk about the genetic screening business in the U.S. having some pressure due to state dollars being held up, has that changed at all in the last 90 days? And how does it look going forward?
Rob Friel: I think we are still flat in the first quarter, and as I mentioned previously I think it probably goes another quarter and then I think probably in the back half. We start to see some opportunities to grow again in the U.S., but having said that we continue to see pretty good growth outside in Europe and the developing areas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with UBS. Please proceed.
Derik De Bruin: We've heard a lot about inventory to stocking from some companies and could you just walk us to what exactly you're seeing and what's going on and more importantly do you think the current economic experience that we are seeing right now will prompt a fundamental change in the way the customers manage inventories going forward?
Rob Friel: I would say the area where we saw the destocking was really more in the genetic screening area. Depending on the lab, they would probably keep 60 to 90 day supply of reagents. That's probably the area we saw. We started to see it in 2008. I'd say late third quarter, early fourth quarter of 2008. As I mentioned I think probably come middle to end of second quarter, we'll start to see that bottom out. Other than that in other areas, we really haven't seen that phenomenon from the standpoint of a stocking problem. Keep in mind some of our reagents on the bio-discovery side are radioactive or radiochemical. The shelf life is not that long. We've got that benefit. So I would say other than in the genetics screening area, we haven't seen a significant impact from destocking.
Derik De Bruin: What about the second portion of it? It's just a matter of people working for inventories, I'm just wondering if this (inaudible)?
Rob Friel: I think it depends if they can be successful with holding lower safety stock in this environment I think maybe they go up a little bit more but we probably won't return to the levels of safety stock that we were previously. I think if you look at previous recessions in other industries that occurs when people are able to manage their inventory down to a level and they don't lose [phil] rate or they're able to maintain their operations. I don't think we will see go back up, may be a little bit, but I don't think we'll go back to the levels that they had prior to the downturn.
Derik De Bruin: The gross margin expansion was impressive particularly since you launched a record number of new products with [ViaCord]. Can you just give us a little bit more color into that? I know some of you said it was mixed, but just how sustainable this is going forward?
Rob Friel: Well, I think the new product side of thing is fairly sustainable. I think we're seeing good traction in a number of the new products that are out there and as you mentioned one of the goals with the new products is not only to get new features, but also to improve the gross margin on that. So I think that's repeatable. I think the margin makes it really depend on going forward. One of the benefits we saw this quarter is the fact that our service and reagent business was very strong and the instruments were down. If you look at our split, service grew, our reagents and consumables grew, and our instruments were down. I think that's driving a lot of the mix. Hopefully going forward that won't always be the case. I mean, hopefully we will get some continued growth on the instrument side. So I would say I think on the new products it is repeatable. I think on the reagent and instrument mix, I don't know that we will have a growth differentiation going forward as we had this quarter.
Derik De Bruin: What were the instruments down in terms of organically?
Rob Friel: The instruments were down about 7%.
Derik De Bruin: And finally, on your discontinued operations is there any update on your plans of it?
Rob Friel: No plans. I mean, the books have been out for another couple weeks now. We have got a fair amount of people interested. We just started discussions about value and due diligence. So I think that continues to go on as planned.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Justin: This is actually [Justin] for Quintin. What was the FX in the quarter?
Rob Friel: The FX from a revenue perspective?
Justin: From topline?
Rob Friel: 7% FX and 1% helped from acquisitions.
Justin: Is that evenly split between environmental and human health or is it more weighted on one side?
Rob Friel: It is more weighted on the environmental side.
Justin: You said you purchased about a million shares, what was the average repurchase price for that?
Mike Battles: $14 a share.
Justin: One last question, you said that you saw research stabilizing. What are you seeing exactly that made you think that it's stabilizing? Are you looking at stimulus in the back half of the year or are you starting to see cord activity on a more normal basis?
Rob Friel: I would say it is more of the latter. I would say what we are seeing from our customers is a stabilization of order patterns. I think we mentioned this in our last call. I think when you look at the pharmaceutical industry they have been going through a fairly difficult time for some time with whether it is generics or drugs coming off patents. Our belief is they have adjusted their spend rate almost irrespective of what's happened from an economic perspective. So we are actually seeing some stabilization, both on the instrument as well as the reagent side in bio-discovery.
Justin: That's very helpful. Then one last question, you noted that the U.S. was up organically but Europe was down which is kind of counter to lot of what your competitors have said. Can you provide a little more color on that?
Rob Friel: I think part of that's being driven by our medical imaging business, which was down fairly significantly and a lot of that goes into Europe. When we talk about Europe, we include Eastern Europe. Eastern Europe was down quite significantly I think largely because of the FX things that Mike talked about in the emerging territories. Their currency has been devalued quite significantly.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue. I'd now like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Rob Friel: Going forward, we will continue to manage the current economic environment through a dedicated focus on cash flow, driving service, consumables and reagents revenue, and containing non-customer related costs, while continuing our investment in high-growth areas, innovations, collaborations and employee development. As experienced in the first quarter, I believe that this is a balanced approach, which will provide us with a strong foundation to maintain our market leading position now, grow when the economy recovers and become an even greater contributor through improving the health and safety of people in the environment. This concludes today's call. Thank you for joining us. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2008 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. (Operator instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dave Francisco. You may proceed sir. Mr. Francisco, you may proceed.
David Francisco: Oh, great. Thank you very much. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer Fourth Quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Im Dave Francisco, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer for PerkinElmer. With me on the call are Rob Friel, President and Chief Executive Officer and Mike Battles, Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer. If you've not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com or from our toll-free investor hotline at 1-877-PKI-NYSE. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until February 12, 2009. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I am now pleased to introduce the President and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you Dave. Good afternoon. I appreciate you joining us this afternoon for our Fourth Quarter earnings call. For todays call, Mike and I will provide an overview of our Q4 results, provide commentary on some of our key end markets with their outlook for 2009. And then open up your questions. Mike will get into the details on our fourth quarter, but overall we were very pleased with our performance in virtually every financial metric. In particular, I would like to highlight the strong operating margin improvement in Q4 of over 300 basis points. This was due to our productivity actions, lower operating expenses, and good buying leverage. The results we released today closes at a very strong year for PerkinElmer. In 2008, we grew the business by 14% on a reported basis and 7% excluding the impact to foreign exchange and acquisitions. We expanded adjusted operating margins by 80 basis points. We adjusted earnings per share by 15% after absorbing 5% dilution to the ViaCell acquisition and free cash flows exceeded net income, continuing to strengthen our financial position. In addition, we continue to focus to portfolio in several key end markets that have attractive long term growth characteristics. This strategy was further strengthened by our business realignment announced this quarter to focus our efforts on Human and Environmental Health. As previously announced, effective January 1st this year, we align the companys operating structure under these two end markets. PerkinElmer Human Health business represents 40% of our revenue and is comprised of the genetic screening, medical imaging and BioDiscovery businesses. This primarily focuses on developing screening and diagnostic tools and applications to fight disease earlier and provide medical insight more accurately as well as create critical new therapies more quickly. The Environmental Health business represents 60% of our revenue and includes our analytical sciences, laboratory services, and illumination and detection business. It is focused on improving and protecting the surroundings of our environment in which we live through detection, lighting and analysis solutions. The Environmental Health business helps ensure our safety and security from the food we eat to consumer products we used, to the security of our surroundings. Turning now to 2009 the outlook for macroeconomic conditions continues to be very challenging. As such, Ill provide some commentary on key end markets and our expectations for 2009 as of today. However, please recognize that our visibility beyond the next several weeks is limited. Within Human Health, we serve two end markets; Diagnostics, which represents 25% of our revenue and Research, which represents 15% of our revenue. Our Diagnostic business provides early detection for genetic disorders from pre-conception, early childhood, as well as medical imaging. We believe this market is very attractive long term attributes as it provides vastly improved outcomes and compelling economic payback. During 2008, our Diagnostic business grew in the mid-teens despite a very challenging Q4. However in 2009, our Diagnostic business are cycling (ph) up against some difficult comparisons as both medical imaging and genetic screening had significant growth in the first half of 2008. For example, our medical imaging business, with increased capacity coming on early in 2008 was able to work out outstanding backlog, thereby growing well in excess of market rates. Additionally, the impact of credit market dislocation on hospital budgets has limited near term demand for high end medical imaging systems. Lastly, state funding constraints has limited the near term growth opportunities for our neonatal screening business in the U.S. As state labs defer the expansion of the number of test applied to each newborn as well as reduce safety stock levels of our reagents and consumables. Consequently, we anticipate that our diagnostic business will be flat plus or minus a couple percent in 2009 with the first quarter in the mid to high single digits. Turning to the research area, here we provide a broad sweet (ph) of products including reagents, cellular analysis, lab automation and detection capabilities that are used to improve the drug discovery process. Our research business grew in mid-single digits in 2008. Our offering into the research market continues to benefit from recent new product introduction in the reagent area as well as the increased adaption of cellular imaging and analysis products. Weve enhanced imaging software allowing this business to grow faster in the other line market. Regarding the 2009 outlook, large pharmaceutical companies are expected to hold spending flat as screened projects continue. Whereas we believe academic and large biotech would be a source of some growth in instruments and reagents despite pressure on funding sources. As such, we expect the research market for us to continue to grow into low to mid-single digits throughout 2009. With Q1 being at the high end of the range, it is some weakness we experienced in Q1 of last year. As I mentioned earlier in the Environmental Health area, we provide a number of applications and technologies that improved and protect the surroundings and environment in which we live. This business includes environmental safety and security as well as laboratory services markets. In environmental and safety and security markets, which represents 20% and 10% of our revenue respectively, we grew in the mid-single digit in 2008. We believed that the impact of current economic conditions on these businesses will be highly dependent on the specific application and end markets. Although we are clearly seeing the impact from the tight credit markets in currency movements negatively impacting demand. However, (inaudible) is unclear on whether food and consumer product safety and alternative to energy should offset some of the softness based on the quick account of these solutions. Overall, we believed the environmental and safety and security markets will be down in the low single digits throughout 2009, with the first quarter down a little more due to a strong growth in Q1 of 2008. The industrial market will be severely impacted by a recession as it is experienced both capital and cost pressures. Fortunately, it only represents about 10% of our revenue, but we believe that this market will be down from the high single digits to the low double digits in 2009. Lastly, our lab services business represents about 20% of our revenue and grew in the high single digit in 2008. This business continues to experienced strong growth in outsourcing from our customers. In addition, we are beginning to penetrate beyond our traditional customer base. Proof that our one source service business strategy is well aligned with customer needs to consolidate laboratory services, which further demonstrated by the continued growth of several one source programs including the expansion of our relationship with Merck. Although our experience to maintenance deferrals (ph) these should be offset by the increased drive towards further outsourcing. At this time, we do not believe the growth of the laboratory services business will be significantly impacted from current conditions. It should therefore continue to perform well, growing in the mid-single digits in 2009. So to summarize, we believe the Human Health business will be about flat plus or minus a couple of percentage points, with the Environmental Health businesses being down low single digits for 2009. Before I return the call over to Mike, I wanted to briefly touch on our key priorities for 2009. They will be to drive productivity as much and as hard as we can, holding cost and increasing efficiency in everything we do. In addition, we will also continue to invest in key growth areas that we believed create long term value. This balanced approach to investing in innovation, regional infrastructure in both on acquisitions, coupled with our continued strive for operational excellence cross-over businesses and territories will be the key to us continuing to play a critical role and actively creating better outcomes that helps improve the health and safety of people and the environment. I would now like to turn the call over to Mike to talk in a little more bit detail about our Q4 financial results and our guidance for 2009.
Michael L. Battles: Thank you Rob and good afternoon everyone. Im going to review our Q4 financial performance in more detail and discuss them and the key drivers of the performance. Then Ill expound on Robs comments and provide guidance on our full year 2009 and outlook for Q1 before we open the call for questions. Before I get into the details, I want to clarify that whenever I talked about a particular measure being up or down, Im referring to an increase or decrease in that measure during the fourth quarter of 2008 compared to the fourth quarter of 2007. If then Im using a non-GAAP measures those numbers that have been reconciled to comparable GAAP measures in the financial tables of the press release or posted on our website. As Rob discussed earlier, Q4 was a solid quarter of financial performance to close out a very strong year for us. In the fourth quarter and for the year, we have growth in sales, earnings per share, and cash flow that were all at or ahead of our original guidance despite the rapidly deteriorating economic conditions that we experienced late in the year. We ended the year for GAAP EPS at a $1.45, which is up 15% from the prior year. Let me review the Q4 financials in greater details. By segment, reported sales growth was 3% for LAS and 3% for Optoelectronics. Of the LAS sales growth, foreign exchange had an unfavorable impact of approximately 4% and acquisitions added approximately 3%. Of the Optoelectronic sales growth, foreign exchange had an unfavorable impact of approximately 1% and acquisitions at a less than a percent. The remaining sales analysis is presented excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange and the favorable impact of acquisitions. Starting with Life and Analytical Sciences, our BioDiscovery business continue its strong momentum in Q4 going high single digits. Growth in this business was broad-based with continued strength from our cellular imaging and lab automation products as well as great traction from our new products and services and our reagent portfolio, which has allowed us to gain share. Laboratory services were mid-single digits in the quarter. Consistent with their applications, this business continue to perform well as the impact of customers deferring contract renewals is more than offset by increasing demand for outsourcing including an increased in levels demand for customers outside our traditional segments. In Analytical Sciences, sales grew low single digit. This business executed well despite the strong headwind experienced in the quarter as industrial customers deferred purchases, a merging territory experienced currency devaluation and this business is (inaudible) up against the strong Q4 in the prior year. The end market demand will continue to see great opportunity for continued growth in food safety, consumer product safety, renewable energy and hydrocarbon processing. Finally, genetic screening was at low single digit in the quarter. We could do to see good growth in ViaCell and prenatal screening without setting pressure from the neonatal business. As Rob mentioned, growth in neonatal screening has been impacted by funding constraints and improved inventory management as they last, which has had an unfavorable impact to the quarter. In Optoelectronics, medical imaging grew low single digits. This business has been impacted by a pullback in our accrue capital expenditures for high end systems due primarily to budget constraints and a lack of access to acquire liquidity. In Illumination, growth was in the mid-single digits, primarily due to strong demand for high performance Cermax and LED lighting applications. In centers, sales was up mid-single digits given by a strong growth derived from the last time buy lead to an expiring long-term optical centers contract partially offset by application in more economically sensitive areas. Turning to gross margin, we saw about 90 basis points to gross margin expansion in Q4. This is driven primarily by the favorable impact of the ViaCell acquisition, favorable mixed and productivity gains. Research and Development expenses were down by $1.8 million versus last year. Excluding the favorable impact to foreign exchange, research and development expenses as a percentage to sales were essentially flat as you can hear it drives a strong pipeline of innovative products, applications, and solutions. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by $5.2 million versus prior year. Excluding the favorable impact to foreign exchange, SG&A expenses as a percentage to sales were especially flat year-on-year. This is driven by decreased in variable compensation and very tight cost controls offset by the impact of the ViaCell acquisition as that business carries a higher SG&A expense as a percentage to sales from the rest of our businesses. GAAP  Operating Profit was 14.5% of sales in Q4 of 2008 versus 10.3% in Q4 of 2007. On a non-GAAP basis, adjusted operating profit increased 320 basis points quarter-over-quarter to 18.1% of sales. Looking at expenses below operating income, interest expense, net of interest income in Q4 of 2008 was $23.5 million as compared to net interest expense of $4.1 million in Q4 of 2007. In the fourth quarter, we incurred an expense of $17.7 million linked with discontinuance of industry hedge that was put in placed in conjunction with the ViaCell acquisition. The combination of the reduced need of capital and tight credit markets, lead us not enter to the long term debt application. Consequently, the hedge was discontinued in expense in the quarter. Excluding this expense, net interest expense for Q4 2007 was up slightly from the prior year due to increased debt. Other income expense was $5.8 million in Q4 2008 as compared to $1.3 million in Q4 2007. Primarily lead to increased foreign exchange cost due to high volatility in the quarter. GAAP EPS from continuing operations in Q4 of 2008 was $0.29 compared to $0.44 cents in Q4 2007. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.48 in Q4 2008 an increased of 15% over the prior year and within the range of our guidance for the quarter of $0.45 to $0.50. In November 2008, the company announced that a portion of its Optoelectronic business was placed under strategic review. As a result of this review, we intended to divest these businesses, therefore the result of the operations of these businesses have been reported discontinued operations. Additionally, weve decided to exit certain product lines within the BioDiscovery business and we allocate resources to higher growth businesses. In Q4 2008, the impact of these discontinued operations noted above was an after tax expense of approximately $0.03, primarily lead to the write-off of inventory in the exited BioDiscovery product lines. Turning to our balance sheet, we continue to maintain a very strong financial position. We finish Q4 with $330 million of net debt, which we defined as short and long term debt minus cash. We have excellent liquidity with a $179 million of cash in our balance sheet and approximately $290 million of undrawn availability under our revolving line of credit. We also have no mandatory maturities of debt until 2012 that leaves us in a strong financial position as we head in 2009. Looking at the capital statement, during the fourth quarter of 2008, we generate operating cash flow from continuing operations of $93.8 million, which is an increase of 9% over the prior year. Our focus on working capital continues to yield results as we held our working capital turns flat year-on-year at 5.6 times in the quarter, despite extreme of pressures to extend terms due to current economic conditions. In summary, we are very pleased with our financial performance for the quarter and the year, particularly in light of the slowing global economy and turmoil in the credit markets. Now let me outline our updated guidance for the full year of 2009 and Q1 2009. As Rob mentioned, given the macroeconomic conditions and strong performance in 2008, we face difficult headwinds in all of our businesses in 2009. In particular, medical imaging, genetic screening and analytical sciences will be under pressure to grow revenue in the first half of 2009, giving a superior performance in 2008 and the top market condition to 2009. Consequently, we believed that in 2009, revenue excluding the impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions, will be flat to down mid-single digits. In the second half of 2008, our pension obligations increased as market forces substantially lowered our pension assets. These increased obligations will result in approximately $5 million, an additional pension expense in 2009 versus 2008. In addition, in 2009 due to mixed (inaudible) carrying a high rate of interest, we expect interest expense to be approximately $3 million higher than in 2008. As we relate to 2009 EPS guidance, we believed productivity initiatives and tight cost controls will offset any volume shortfall in potential mixed issues. But will not offset the incremental pension and interest expense mentioned above nor the current impact of the strong dollar. As a result, we believed that our earnings will be down to mid-single to mid-teens for 2009 as compared to 2008 including the impact of stock options spent in both periods. As Rob mentioned, the first quarter will be particularly challenging for revenue growth and we can truly believe we could be down to mid-single digits. This will result in non-GAAP earnings per share to be down low to high-teens as compared to Q1 2008 due to the higher pension expense in interest that as well as foreign exchange. Before Ill open the call to your questions, I would like to note that in 2009, well be including stock options expense into our adjusted earnings per share calculations. Ill now like to open the call to your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Quintin Laid with Robert W. Baird. You may proceed.
Quintin Lai: Hi, good afternoon. As you were looking through the performance in the fourth quarter, was it a steady deterioration and could you give us a little color about , now that were a few weeks into January, what youre seeing now and is that whats giving you the few weeks of visibility that you have right now?
Robert F. Friel: Quintin, this is Rob. I would say it really varies by business, because we are operating in a couple of different end markets. It would be tough to characterize everything about the same. I would say probably in the Analytical Sciences end market, it was probably more gradual as the quarter went along. I would say, in probably medical imaging, it was more dramatic of a drop-off. As we mentioned service hasnt really seen much of an impact from this. BioDiscovery, as Mike mentioned have a good quarter, and I would say probably on the Illumination and Detection side, it was probably more gradual. So it depends a little bit on what end markets and business youre talking about.
Quintin Lai: As you look at the range of expectations that you said for organic revenue growth, Rob, do you think that you captured some of a bad case scenario? I know you cant say worst case scenario, but 
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say right now, we think its realistic and I would say were not assuming any recovery in the back half of the year. I would say weve assumed in this forecast that economic conditions dont change, meaning they dont get any better, but I would say they dont get significantly worse. And of course we provide ourselves, I think enough range around that, that gives us some latitude that things could maybe deteriorate a little bit, but not I would say a significant downturn. So, I think its fairly realistic and we try to put some ranges around that will give us latitude to see a little bit of softness, but not I would say a significant change from where we are right now.
Quintin Lai: With respect to your operating expenses and youre trying to mention the cost controls, are there any other leverage that you have at your disposal in the event that things get a little tougher or how should we think about - ?
Robert F. Friel: I would say, first of all, clearly when we look at whats happening from a volume perspective, were going to take costs out that are volume related. I think thats something and we have done that. Weve done some actions for example in the medical imaging area because that is going to be a lower volume. So first of all, I think from a volume perspective, those cost, you know, those come out and weve done those and well continue to do those. On the overhead side, we continue to look at areas on the administrative side to just improve efficiencies and drive the productivity and then we continue to push those as well and weve got some plans as we look forward here in 2009.  The area that we've been a little reluctant and I think we'll continue to be reluctant on is the areas of research and selling and marketing and what I'd like to do is try and preserve those as best possible and I would say if conditions stay about where they are now or maybe even get a little bit lighter than that, I think I would like to hold on to those.  Of course, if we see a significant drop off, we'd have to take a look at that.
Quintin Lai: The last question -
Robert F. Friel: I would say this plan that we've got for 2009 still assumes that our spending in R&D and our sales force is fairly flat year-over-year.
Quintin Lai: And then with respect to the discontinued ops, what was the revenue contribution in the fourth quarter and then as we look forward - I know that you had a $0.03 drag because of an inventory issue, but the revenues that are being discontinued, do they have a positive margin?
Robert F. Friel: So, first of all, as you probably know, in the reported revenue we showed, the discontinued revenue is out.
Quintin Lai: Right.
Robert F. Friel: Those businesses do make money, so they do have positive margins.  Mike talked about the fact that because of the discontinue - and mostly in the biodiscovery product lines - we had an inventory write off and that's what generated the loss, not the operations from the business.
Quintin Lai: Okay, so could you give kind of a ballpark of how much is being discontinued and then kind of the rough margins?
Robert F. Friel: Well, so what we've said previously is the businesses that are being discontinued on an annual basis is about $90 million.  I would say Q4 was down a little bit from the annual run rate.  But, that would give you a rough idea of what the revenue was in 2008 and operating margins, Mike, I don't know, what would you say sort of low double digits?
Michael L. Battles: I'd say so, yeah.
Quintin Lai: All right.  Thank you very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with UBS.  You may proceed.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good afternoon.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Derik De Bruin: So, are you planning on giving us a fully re-stated 2008 income statement, balance sheet for the business exit and stock options just to make it a little bit easier since - otherwise people's numbers are going to be all over the place in terms of  trying to figure out what the comps are.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, we are planning on doing that.
Derik De Bruin: Okay.  Great. Tonight?  You guys were pretty conservative when you were kind of giving your third quarter - on the 3Q conference call, going into 4Q - you were kind of conservative.  Clearly, the markets slowed dramatically there.  What was the one thing that really kind of was the biggest surprise to you during the fourth quarter and what you've seen so far?  Was there one particular market that you just saw decelerate more rapidly than the others, just a little bit more color on that?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I guess it depends what timeframe.  I would say relative to October, no, because when I looked at the Q4 results, it came in pretty much what we had thought, maybe even a little bit better.
Derik De Bruin: Okay.
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say by the time we are in October, I would say we weren't really surprised of anything we saw in Q4.  If you go back a couple of months, I would say the area that I've been somewhat surprised in is the drop in the medical imaging end market because I think if you would have went back over the summer, while we realized that there could be softness in there, I think we've been a little surprised at how quickly that has dropped.
Derik De Bruin: Okay and what would be your type of first signs of falling in something of that market; follow the credit markets, for example and just start to see when things are moving there?  How do you judge when demand might pick up again?
Robert F. Friel: So, in most cases, it's in discussions with our customers and that business we're really a components supplier to  the GE's and the Siemens and the Electras of the world so, we're in fairly constant discussion with them because there is a fairly significant  lead time to make these panels, so we have a fairly on-going dialogue with regard to what they're seeing from their end market. Now, of course, they can be surprised as well, but basically, what we're looking is for some information from our end market, from our OEM customers.
Derik De Bruin: When you start looking at the cash flow in 2009, do you expect still to see free cash flow above net income and do you have some CapEx guidance?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think we would still expect to see free cash flow above net income. CapEx, Mike, what would you say for 2009?
Michael L. Battles: Forty million, maybe.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, probably forty, maybe a little lower.
Derik De Bruin: Okay and you guys were presenting down at the maternal medicine meeting and I've gotten a number of questions from clients just wanting to know what you think about some of the new, non-invasive diagnostics that are out there; any opinion on those as those relate to your genetic screening business?
Robert F. Friel: So, I think in the pre-natal area, our view is that it's really not competitive with what we do.  It's more of a diagnostic test as compared to a screening test, which is what we do. So, I think our view is that it's more complimentary of what we do, not competitive.
Derik De Bruin: Okay and have you also seen a slowing in terms of the international markets, in terms of adoption of new screening?
Robert F. Friel: We have not.  Actually, we talked a little bit about the slow down in the U.S.  We have not experienced that outside the U.S. and I think fundamentally, because generally, outside the U.S. it's more federally government funded and we're not seeing the pull back in those areas as much as we're seeing in the U.S., where, as I think you know, is more state-funded.  So, we continue to see good growth outside the U.S. and we still see interest from countries either adopting testing or increasing the number of tests they're doing.
Derik De Bruin: Okay and final question:  how exposed are you to the Pfizer-Wyeth acquisition - just a question on that  - how much exposure are you there?
Robert F. Friel: No, I don't think it's a big exposure for us.  Either one of those customers are not huge, so I don't think that's going to have a major impact on our '09 guidance or results.
Derik De Bruin: Okay.  Thanks a lot, guys.  I'll get back in the queue.
Robert F. Friel: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Leerink Swann, you may proceed.
Isaac Ro: Hi, guys.  Thanks for taking the questions.
Robert F. Friel: Hi.
Isaac Ro: First question is just on the genetic screening.  Could you maybe give us a sense of where you are in the revenues there U.S. versus international at this point?
Robert F. Friel: So, if you look at the newborn or genetic screening?
Isaac Ro: Oh, I'm sorry, newborn.
Robert F. Friel: Newborn is about 65% in the U.S., about 35% outside.
Isaac Ro: Okay and while I'm at it, how about the other half, the genetics?
Robert F. Friel: Well, when you look at genetic screening, of course, ViaCell is exclusively U.S., so that's why I asked the question.  You really almost got to pull ViaCell out because that's 100% U.S. and then the remainder of the business still sort of follows that pretty closely.  It's sort of maybe 60/40 or two-thirds/ one-third.
Isaac Ro: Okay and then on the ViaCell, it sounded like you guys were still pretty positive, but am I right in assuming that this is typically an out-of-pocket expense for customers that want this service?
Robert F. Friel: It is.  You're right in assuming.  It is an out-of-pocket expense and it has continued to do quite well.  In the fourth quarter and in fact, if you look at all 2008, it grew double-digits on the top line.
Isaac Ro: Okay and then just switching over to medical imaging, I think GE said they saw a 30% decline in new orders in the fourth quarter, so I think you mentioned the larger lead times and so forth, so I'm just trying to get a color here.  Could you maybe give us a sense of customer concentration that you have in the business. Do you have anyone that's more than 20 o 25% of sales?  And secondly, how long do you think those order slow downs among your customers kind of trickle down over to you guys on the supplier side?
Robert F. Friel: So, keep in mind when GE says that they're down 30% in their imaging business, it's a much broader portfolio of products than what we serve into, so it would be MRI and CRT and other types of things and we're just really focusing on - with them - the radiology end market, which is really sort of an orphus or x-ray based  and also their vascular area.  But, generally, and when you think about our medical imaging business, it's less than half going to GE and then in that, there's a split between radiology. Actually, radiology is still doing quite well because that has a tend to be a lower price point.  It's really the higher end instrumentation and systems that go into oncology and vascular that we're really seeing the slow down.
Isaac Ro: Okay and then just on the buyback, I know that you guys had announced a buyback last quarter that was pretty significant and I'm wondering how we should think about pacing throughout the year for that buyback?
Robert F. Friel: So, in the fourth quarter we bought a million shares back and then I think, as we've said, both buybacks and acquisitions are appropriate uses of the cash.  I would say slight preference to do acquisitions, but I think we look to both.
Isaac Ro: Okay, and then if you guys -
Robert Friel: We had a 10 million authorization and we used a million of that.
Isaac Ro: Okay.  Got it.  And then lastly, on the dynamics you're seeing, big picture, in the health sciences business, you mentioned  services are still pretty good, but you're seeing some pressure on the actual product side, so how should we think about margins going forward?  Is there a potential that you get a little bit of negative leverage on the margins when you net out the growth and services versus pressure on the products?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, I think that's right, particularly on the imaging side, which is, not only a profitable business, but a high fixed cost business.  So, I think we will see a little pressure on gross margins because even if revenue was flat, the mix with medical imaging and genetic screening, being a little soft, particularly in the first half of the year, and some of the other businesses offsetting that, I think there is a natural poor mix there. But, I would say as you sort of look through 2009, we believe that the productivity actions we're taking can offset most of the volume and the mix issues let's say from an operational perspective.  The fundamental reason that our EPS is down, let's say, greater than our revenue, is, I would say, non-operating things.  Mike alluded to them a little bit.  We have a little higher interest expense. We have a little higher pension cost. As you can imagine, the pension assets did not perform well in 2008 and so we're seeing a little bit of a higher charge there and then, of course, assuming the FX rate stays where it is, we do have a little bit of an FX headwind going into 2009.  And the combination of those is really what's driving the EPS growth down greater than the revenue.
Isaac Ro: Got it. Last one, just to follow up on Derik's question on the restructured units, when might we see those numbers?  Would that be in the queue or maybe when you report first quarter?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think Derik's question on the before and afterward stock options, I think that we can do tonight or quickly.  I think the question of the numbers without the discontinued, the details behind that will probably be in the queue.
Isaac Ro: Okay.  Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Deutsche Bank. You may proceed.
Ross Muken: Good afternoon, guys.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Ross Muken: Could you remind me the average cost for a consumer in the ViaCell business for the storage of cord blood?
Robert F. Friel: It's about $1800.
Ross Muken: I know you saw stability in the fourth quarter, but how do you think of that relative to unemployment around 10% and pressures across the consumer from what we're seeing and obviously, the equity and just general macro weakness?
Robert F. Friel: I think this is a question that we sort of thought about for the last couple quarters because I think when we think about the impact or what sort of a recessionary environment would on PerkinElmer.  We've gone through and most of the business, we can characterize pretty well either because we can look at a prior recession. Of course, with ViaCell, we can't because it's a relatively new business.
Ross Muken: Yeah.
Robert F. Friel: And I think that the question is always one argument is what you're suggesting which is when there's more pressure on consumers, either because of unemployment or just general economics, does this become one of those discretionary expenses that they don't do? The flipside of that argument is this is a business that is not very well penetrated and where it is penetrated, it has a tendency to be at sort of the higher-income families.  And so, generally, when we look at the families that are participating in cord blood storage, their combined salaries are normally six figures and above. And so I believe what's happening is those people are less impacted by what we're seeing.  Now, over time, it may creep into that strata as well, but I think that's what we're seeing right now is because it's not that significantly penetrated across the consumer base and it's really sort of at the higher income levels.  I believe that's why we're still continuing to see decent growth.
Ross Muken: I appreciate it and then on the research business, you're looking for sort of flat growth in screening. When you talk about that, is that inclusive of the automation business as well and then as you think about that piece, given the retrenchment, particularly at PhRMA, and the facility closures we're seeing, is it a mix of some of your newer cellular applications offsetting some of the old, traditional, high through foot screenings so on a net basis it's flat?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, right.  I think that's exactly what's happening.  I think the shift into cellular, I think the shift  both from a reagent as well as instrumentation side. I think the other thing is we've been able to take some of our screening instruments that classically went into pharmaceutical and biotech and take them down into the academic markets where we are seeing some growth and we believe, will see some growth potentially with some NIH funding. And so, it's a combination of moving into the cellular imaging side or cellular analysis side and better penetration in the academic markets and it's offsetting sort of flat to down in large PhRMA.
Ross Muken: Okay and then lastly, on the safety piece, particularly the commentary around the industrial end markets, I think you said sort of down mid to high single digits, remind me again of the core end customer base there because that sort of seems relative to some of the capital equipment guidance numbers we've gotten from a lot of the traditional industrial customers a bit optimistic so, I just want to get a sense for the mix there and how you came to that.
Robert F. Friel: So, let me straighten out the classification.  So, the food safety is in what we would call safety and security.
Ross Muken: Right.
Robert F. Friel: And I think that's going to be down sort of like mid-single.  When I go into pure industrial, I think what I said there was sort of high-single, low-double.
Ross Muken: Okay.
Robert F. Friel: So, I think what I'll call the pure industrial side, I think they are going into some pretty tough headwinds because they're getting both the credit and the cost reduction.  And so I think that's going to be, like I said, high-single, low-double and those are the end markets that are semi-conductor, general industrial, like oil analysis, oil and gas, those types of things.  And I think they will have a difficult time.
Ross Muken: And this is only sub 10% of the business?
Robert F. Friel: It's about 10% of our revenue.
Ross Muken: And that's with food or without food?
Robert F. Friel: That's without food.
Ross Muken: Okay, that's what I thought.  All right, I appreciate it, guys.  Thanks very much.
Robert F. Friel: All right.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Peter Lawson with Thomas Weisel Partners.  You may proceed.
Peter Lawson: Well, just continuing on the theme of the industrial business, are there any plans that divest that and what's the rationale for keeping it within the franchise?
Robert F. Friel: Well, the answer is no because it's really a separate business.  It really is where we have existing products that are going into let's say either food and environmental and we can in addition, sell them into the industrial end markets. So, there's really no core products that are going necessarily into industrial. For example, it might be an ICMMS that's being sold into an environmental lab that we can also sell into a semi-conductor for analysis of incoming raw materials.
Peter Lawson: And it's easy to transfer the sales force to a different end market?
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, because it's really sold on the technology.  Now, I think as we move more and more to application based, we'll sort of sort that out, but fundamentally, what they're doing is selling the product features and the technology.
Peter Lawson: And then, Rob, I may have missed it, but the divestitures in the biodiscovery, what were those businesses, the sizes and the potential contribution in EPS.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, they were fundamentally around proteomics and genomics. There were some scanners and the ray scan and those types of things, which is a market that we've sort moved away from and, as I mentioned before, we're really trying to focus in probably three key areas in the biodiscovery area, which is on the cellular analysis side, on the really sort of biochemical screening and then the sort of detection and automation.
Michael L. Battles: There's only about six or seven million of revenue for the year for those divested product lines.
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, it's a relatively small piece.
Peter Lawson: And it's corporate average margins?
Michael L. Battles: I'd say a little less than that.  I'd say a little less than that.
Peter Lawson: And then, just finally, what's driving the expectation of growth in that biotech and NIH market for you?
Robert F. Friel: In the biodiscovery area or specifically, biotech?
Peter Lawson: In biotech and NIH market.  You kind of said that 
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think on the biotech side, we are seeing some good opportunities there to continue to get our reagents and our imaging equipment into that and I would make a distinction between large biotech and small biotech.  I think clearly, the small biotechs are having problems from a funding perspective but, I think on the larger biotech side we are seeing some opportunities to grow there. And I think in the academics areas, we are starting to see some increased discussions and maybe driven by the anticipation of getting some funding from the government stimulus package.
Peter Lawson: Okay.  Thank you so much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions).  And we do have a follow-up question from Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird.  You may proceed.
Quintin Lai: Thanks for taking my follow-up.  Going back to the ViaCell, considering that you can only harvest the cord blood at the birth of the child, it's not really discretionary because there's no chance to go back and do it again is it?
Robert F. Friel: Well, that's true.  You only have one shot to do it.  I just meant from a discretionary, from a spending perspective.
Michael L. Battles: From a decision-making perspective.
Robert F. Friel: From a decision-making perspective, but you're right. If you don't do it at the birth, you sort of lose that opportunity.
Quintin Lai: Right.  With respect to the sell of your discontinued operations, given the macroeconomic backdrop, do you think that maybe the window of opportunity is kind of closed now and if so, if you could do it all over again, that $90 million, by my rough calculations, is about $0.06 of EPS that went away.
Robert F. Friel: So, you mean, would we have put in discontinued?
Quintin Lai: Exactly.
Robert F. Friel: So, first of all, so I would say, is this a great time to be selling assets?  No.  I think it would have been a better time maybe 12 or 18 months ago.  Having said that though, I think the important thing we wanted to do was get focused on this environmental and human health because I think that was an important initiative we wanted to get across the company and reorganize the company and quite frankly, those businesses didn't fit. I still think it is saleable.  I still think it's a fairly attractive asset or are attractive assets and I think we have people interested in them.  Will we maximize the value for them in this environment? Probably not.
Quintin Lai: Thank you.
Operator: And you have an additional follow up question from Derik De Bruin with UBS.  You may proceed.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, I have a follow up, I guess.  If you do manage to sell the assets, what's your - when you sold the food sciences business, you went in and paid down debt and bought back shares.  That is similar use of cash if you don manage to sell these assets?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think that's right and just for clarification, we have not assumed any proceeds in the 2009 forecast.  Not that it would be that significant, but we've assumed in our 2000 plan that we don't get those proceeds.
Derik De Bruin: And what's your assumption for buybacks in the year?  Share buybacks.
Robert F. Friel: From what perspective?
Derik De Bruin: In 2009.  Is your EPS guidance, is that kind of your lever for the wiggle room in terms of  
Robert F. Friel: Yeah, our 2009 guidance assumes shares are flat.
Derik De Bruin: Oh, okay.
Robert F. Friel: And as you know, we always have some leakage on stock programs, so we assume that we would keep those flat.
Michael L. Battles: We ended the year about 115.8 shares outstanding.
Derik De Bruin: Okay.  Great and the pro forma EPS number all the way in, including options is a buck 39 for 2008 correct?
Robert Friel: Yes.
Derik De Bruin: Okay, just making sure, so all right, thanks.
Operator: And there are no additional questions at this time.  I'd now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Dave Francisco for closing remarks.  You may proceed, sir.
David Francisco: So, we're pleased with our performance in 2008 as we talked about, but clearly, it's a much more difficult global economic environment and where I believe strong operational execution and a relentless focus on our customers will be the key to doing well. We believe we have the operating disciplines, the technical competencies, the financial strength and probably most importantly, the organization to exit the current environment much stronger than how we entered and we look forward to updating you in April on our progress in the first quarter. This call is now adjourned and have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference.  This concludes your presentation.  You may now disconnect.  Good day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Third Quarter 2008 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. My name is Stacey and I will be your conference moderator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question and answer session towards the end of the conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Mike Lawless, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Michael A. Lawless: Good afternoon. Welcome to the PerkinElmer third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. I am Mike Lawless, VP of Investor Relations for PerkinElmer. With me on the call today are Rob Friel, President and CEO and Mike Battles, VP and Interim CFO. If you've not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com or from our toll-free investor hotline 1-877-PKI-NYSE. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until November 23, 2008. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change. So you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I am now pleased to introduce the President and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel.
Robert F. Friel: Thanks Mike. Good afternoon and I appreciate you joining us this afternoon. I'm pleased to report that the third quarter was another strong quarter for PerkinElmer. Sales grew 8% organically, adjusted earnings per share grew 15% and cash flow was up significantly. The strong performance was relatively broad based with virtually all of our businesses showing good growth and improved profitability year-over-year. Our Q3 performance is a reflection of the fact that we have repositioned PerkinElmer in recent years around higher growth market opportunities where we believe that we have strong capabilities and a competitive advantage. This has translated into organic revenue growth averaging 10% over the past four quarters. Rather than spend a lot of time this afternoon on the results of Q3, I would rather address the question on many peoples minds, which is how will PerkinElmer perform in these uncertain economic times. And since Mike Battles will review Q3 in more detail, I will talk about the outlook for our key end markets given the uncertainty in the global economy. Let me first turn to our diagnostic businesses, which include new born and prenatal screening and cord blood storage as well as medical imaging. Our diagnostic businesses benefit from compelling long-term growth opportunities as the rising cost of healthcare is driving earlier detection of disease as it saves money and provides better outcomes. Year-to-date, both of these businesses have seen organic revenue growth in the high teens. Historically, our screening businesses have performed well in virtually every economic cycle. As once screening initiated, it is rarely curtailed. An increased screening [ph] has an excellent economic payback. However, as the current economic events are negatively impacting some state budgets here in the U.S., we anticipate that the expansion of some state training programs may be pushed out several quarters which could reduce our growth in these businesses to high single digits. Our imaging business has also been fairly insulated from economic cycles as it has been facilitating a technology update from film-based to digital x-ray panels. With the severity of the credit crisis impacting hospital budgets, we are seeing some growth slowing in high-end imaging systems. However, we think this will be relatively shortlived as credit markets turn to normalcy. Turning to bioparma, the end market is also less impacted by an overall economic slowdown. However, the big pharmaceutical companies continue to be cautious about spending levels. Our expectations are that pharma spending levels remain relatively flat over the next several quarters. However, we believe that biotech and large academic centers are continuing to invest in instruments, software and reagents. Many of the larger academic institutions are supported by well funded endowments and are more insulted from external financial factors. For us in particular we were benefiting from recent new product introductions in the reagent area as well as increasing adoption of cellular imaging and analyses products and are therefore seeing good growth in this area. Our analytical instrument business continues to benefit from a focus globally on clear air and water, food and consumer product safety and alternative energy. During the third quarter, we saw continued growth in the need for solutions to address environmental problems and challenges. As I think about the slowing economic environment on this business, the impact will be both company and geographic region specific. We expect to continue to see good growth in the Pac Rim, although moderating slightly. Whereas in North America and Europe, we see customers more cautious about capital spending. Our service business experienced good growth in Q3 and we would expect this business to be minimally impacted by the slowdown in economic conditions. In fact, with the increasing pressure on the labs to outsource, we are seeing more opportunities to take on outsourcing work from our customers. Finally, the Photonics business will experience some impact from the slower GDP growth. However, we are working hard to drive these businesses in higher growth applications like health, security and environmental monitoring, which longer term will reduce economic sensitivity to these businesses. Before turning the call over to Mike, let me briefly touch on our Q4 priorities. While we will tightly manage capital and expenses, we will continue to manage our business to create long-term value. Consequently, our focus will be keeping our new products and innovation engines on track as well as being aggressive on business development activities. I believe now may be a great opportunity for tuck-in acquisitions that add complementary products and technologies as well as additional stock buybacks. And you may have noticed today that our Board approved an additional $10 million authorization. In addition, we will continue to invest in applications and workflow solutions for many of our customers, which takes advantage of our breadth of products, software and services. So in summary, we believe our organic growth for full year 2008 will be solidly in the 6 to 8% range even with Q4 potentially below that range. And we believe our adjusted EPS for 2008 will be up 14 to 18%. Now I will turn over to Mike to discuss our Q3 financial results in more detail.
Michael L. Battles: Thank you Rob and good afternoon everyone. I am going to review our Q3 financial performance in more detail and discuss some key drivers of the performance. Then I will provide updated guidance on our outlook for 2008 before we open the call for questions. Before I get into the specifics, I want to clarify that whenever I talk about a particular measure being up or down, I am referring to an increase or decrease in that major during the third quarter of 2008 as compared to the third quarter of 2007. To the extent I use any non-GAAP measures, those numbers have been reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures in our financial tables of the press release and posted on our website. As Rob discussed earlier, Q3 was a very strong quarter of financial performance. We had strong growth in sales, earnings per share and cash flow that were all well ahead of our expectations. Let me review the financials in greater detail. By segment, sales growth was 17% for LAS and 13% for Optoelectronics. Of the LAS sales growth, approximately 2% came from foreign exchange and approximately 7% came from acquisitions. Optoelectronics increased approximately 1% from acquisitions and approximately 2% from the impact of foreign exchange. The remaining sales analysis is presented on a reported basis, which includes the impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions. Starting with Life and Analytical Sciences. The business that showed the most growth in Q3 was Bio-discovery with mid-teen growth driven by good performance in cellular imaging and reagents as well as improved instrument sales for lab automation and detection equipment. Laboratory services had low-teens growth in Q3 with continued strong performance driven by growth in our OneSource offering and in our core service contracts. In Analytical Sciences, sales increased high single digits due to strong... continuous strong performance in emerging markets, partially offset by softness in North America and Western Europe. By end market, we continue to see growth in food safety, consumer product safety and renewable energy. Finally, genetic screening had strong double-digit growth, driven by the acquisition of ViaCord and the neonatal testing lab from Pediatrix. In Optoelectronics, medical imaging grew strong double digits with good yields and our expanded capacity better allowing us to meet the needs of our customers in diagnostics, radiation therapy and non-destructive testing. In specialty lighting, growth was strong double digits, primary due to demand for the Xenon Flash modules for mobile phone cameras. Is sensors, sales was flat, driven by growth in environmental and energy management applications, partially offset by applications more economically sensitive. Turning to gross margin, we saw 70 basis points of gross margin expansion in Q3. This was driven primarily by the favorable impact of the ViaCell acquisition and productivity gains, partially offset by sales mix and inflation. Research and development expenses were flat versus last year as we have improved efficiencies by bringing more development in house and reducing external spend. We continue to build strong momentum in our pipeline of new product introductions. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased as a percentage of sales, primarily due to the impact of the ViaCell acquisition as that business carries higher SG&A expense as a percent of sales. For the quarter, we also recorded a $7.2 million restructuring charge primarily related to head count actions in an effort to redirect our efforts to higher growth product lines. GAAP operating profit was 9% of sales for Q3 of 2008 versus 10.5 of Q3 2007. On a non-GAAP basis, adjusted operating profits increased 50 basis points year-on-year to 13.8% of sales. In Q3, we had an income tax benefit of $4.5 million which included a $14 million tax benefit on the settlement of several large income tax audits from recent years. Excluding these settlements, our non-GAAP tax rate for adjusted EPS was approximately 28% for the quarter. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $0.37 compared to $0.26 in Q3 2007. Adjusted EPS was $0.38 in Q3 2008, an increase of 15% over the prior year, exceeding our prior guidance of $0.36 to $0.37. Turning to the balance sheet. We have a very strong financial position. We finished Q3 with $355 million in net debt, which we define as short and long-term debt minus cash. We have excellent liquidity with $189 million in cash on our balance sheet and approximately $250 million of undrawn availability under our revolving line of credit. We also have no mandatory maturities of debt until 2012. We also expect to generate approximately $90 million of free cash flow in Q4, which we define as cash flow from operations minus capital expenditures. This leaves us in a very strong financial position as we head into Q4 and into 2009. Looking at the cash flow statements, during the third quarter of 2008, we generated operating cash flows from continuing operations of $33.6 million, which is an increase of 42% over the prior year. Our focus on working capital continues to show very good progress as we achieved working capital turns of 5.3 times for the quarter, primarily due to improved inventory management. Today, we also announced that the Board had approved a new plan to repurchase up to $10 million shares of common stock. We believe share repurchases is a very important tool for us to return capital to shareholders and improve our corporate returns on capital. Additionally, we believe that shares remain an excellent value and a good investment for our cash flows. In summary, we are quite pleased with our financial performance for the first nine months of 2008, particularly in light of the slowing global economy and turmoil in the credit markets. Now let me outline our update guidance for the full year of 2008. Given the uncertainty in the macroeconomic conditions and difficult credit markets, we feel it's prudent to expand the range of our earnings per share guidance. For the full year 2008, we expect GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the range of $1.19 to $1.24 and our non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share in the range of $1.48 to $1.53. Our new guidance would represent a 14 to 18% increase in adjusted EPS for 2007. For the full year, our adjusted EPS excludes stock-based compensation of approximately $0.05. So our guidance on a basis equivalent with First Call translates into the range of $1.43 to $1.48. I would now like to open your call... open the call to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions].
Michael A. Lawless: Operator, you want to open the call? Stacey? Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions].
Michael A. Lawless: Hello, operator, we may be having some technical difficulties. We are not hearing any questions on our end.
Operator: Please stand by. Your first question comes from the line of Vivek Khanna. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hello, can you hear me?
Michael A. Lawless: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: I just needed to test if was working. I couldn't believe nobody else was asking a question. But anyway, I have a... since I have been polled, I'll ask a question in terms of, Rob, what are you thinking... the biopharma seemed very strong in terms of mid teens I think growth. I am not sure that was organic or not. And just wondering what you are seeing in order activity or anything unusual at the end of the quarter patterns like one of your competitors mentioned. And just wondering as you look out into '09, maybe you don't want to give us guidance, but what kind of levers you can pull to drive some margin extension in --
Robert F. Friel: So I would say that the mid teen was recorded. But having said that, the organic was strong as well. And I think what we were seeing is the large pharmaceutical companies are still being cautious from CapEx in particular are still spending on the reagent and the consumable side. I think what we are seeing in growth is really on the biotech and particularly on the academic side where, as I mentioned, they seem to be better funded, particularly some of the larger academic institutions. I think in particular this quarter, we saw some strength based on some new products that we brought out on the reagent side and quite frankly some catch up probably on some instruments. As you know some of these instrument sales can be a little lumpy. And so I think we saw some good growth in Q3. So as I think about at least Q4, and I'd say it's probably a little early in '09, I think it's probably growth as it's been, which is sort of low to mid single digits. I think that's probably how we would think about the biopharma growth prospects.
Unidentified Analyst: And would you talk about imaging in 4Q, are you expecting that business to be... because it's I think the strong double digits. Are you saying it's going to be growing in single digit?
Robert F. Friel: The medical imaging business you mean?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. Well, I think that's going to... that seems to be impacted somewhat by this credit crunch. Because what we're hearing particularly with some of the larger end systems in oncology and stuff like that, I think there appears to be a pull back from the hospitals. I think concern about financing isn't available. And I think everybody is sort of pulling the reins in a little bit from budget perspective. So I think there will be some impact. As I said, though, I think that's fairly short lived because I don't think that's an economically sensitive business. I think it's just being tied up a little bit in this tight credit situation, which I guess I believe will be solved quicker than I would say the economic slowdown.
Unidentified Analyst: So did I interpret your comments right that if you expect 6 to 8 organic given that you've already done average of about 10 or so, give or take, for this year that you expect --
Robert F. Friel: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: That you expect negative --
Robert F. Friel: So what've done this year is we've done 10, 11 and 8.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Robert F. Friel: And what we are saying is we are very comfortable that the year will be in the 6 to 8 range, clearly, at the higher end of that range.
Unidentified Analyst: Right.
Robert F. Friel: So it would suggest Q4 we think is probably going to be in the sort of mid to maybe low single digits?
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, right. Because if... right, right. Because you are already at let's say 10, 11, 8, 9, okay, I got it. Thanks. And nice job on the quarter. Thank you.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with UBS. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Dan in for Derik. Just wondering if you could give us on update on ViaCell and sort of how you're seeing the synergies playing out there. And then also that seems to be a business that's pretty heavily impacted by consumer discretionary spending. So I was wondering how you are sort of thinking about that business in '09 as we enter what could be a tough year.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, so the ViaCell revenue growth has been around sort of 10% in Q3, probably similar to that in Q4. That's down from the first half where it was sort of in the high teens, low 20%. So I think it is being impacted to some extent by the economic pressures on the consumer. Having said that, at 10%, it still is pretty good growth and still generates some good profitability. Actually in Q3, it was accretive to the operating margins for the company. So I think that we are seeing... what we expected was both the synergies as well as the higher revenue growth is accelerating the operating margin expansion in that business relatively quickly. So... and I would say from a sales synergy side, organizationally, that's been completed now and we expect all the ViaCell people to be trained on the NTZ [ph] products by the end of this year. So I would say we're not seeing a lot of sales synergy yet, but hopefully as we go into 2009, we will.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Have there been any developments in strategic decisions for the non-cord storage portion of the business?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, they were actually discontinued and shut down at the end of Q2. So the therapeutic businesses have been shut down.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Looking at the ecoanalytics business, how would you characterize the magnitude of the effect that you guys see in your business to lower or higher energy costs? Is that a pretty modest change in demand for sparely [ph] drastic changes in energy prices or is it more so?
Robert F. Friel: I would say from a... in a short-term basis probably not much of an impact at all because I think where we see the benefit is in the biofuel area. And my sense is even though we are seeing a pullback in oil,prices I think people think longer term, it makes sense to come up with alternative energy solutions. So we are not seeing really any pull back from that perspective because I think longer term, people still want to invest in biofuels, and that's really what drives our business mostly from an energy cost perspective.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that's helpful. Let me actually go back to the consumer spending and ask about the flash business, whether or not in '09 with the same type of situation that we were taking with ViaCell, you see the phone... spending on phones materially impacting the ramp up there or the growth there.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, it's sort of early to call '09 right now, but I would say my sense is there is going to be some impact in that business because the strategy with this business was as xenon flash got ramped up into handsets in the phones, our business would grow significantly. And of course xenon flash is going into higher end phones, and I think when you see what's happening with consumers, our view is that's probably going to be delayed as we go into '09.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks. Is it fair ... is it proper to ask what percentage of overall phones would be high-end phones, kind of the ballpark --
Robert F. Friel: Well I could tell you the percentage of phones that have a xenon flash is probably less than 2%.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Ross Muken: Hi Rob.
Robert F. Friel: Hi Ross, how are you?
Ross Muken: Pretty good. It's good to finally be back on one of these calls. In terms of the sort of emerging markets, your spectroscopy business has obviously had some success in that area. Can you talk a bit about sort of the outlook there? Has there been any sort of notable change in demand shift at all in any of those end customer basis, specifically in kind of the emerging countries? And then also on the environmental business as well in terms of spectroscopy, what's sort of the outlook relative to kind of funding globally for those types of applications?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say if we're looking historically, those businesses have done quite well, particularly in the developing areas. So our growth in sort of the China and Pac Rim areas are sort of... all been sort of north of 25%. So going forward, I think the real question is there a slow down and to what extent does credit play into that? Virtually all the customers we sell to we require a letter of credit. And I think there has been some delay in getting those. So I think there is going to be a little bit of abatement of growth in those areas. But maybe slowing down from sort of the high 20s to maybe the high teams or low 20s. I think our belief is it will still be, relatively speaking, strong. But I think if you look at sort of sequentially, probably down a little bit.
Ross Muken: Okay. And on the opto business, what about sort of the traditional sensors business, some of those defense systems and industrial smart devices and all the sort of military aerospace? I think Boeing is a customer there. What's kind of the near-term and then sort of medium-term outlook there and has sort of Boeing's struggles had any sort of impact on that business?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say the business has been sort of low single-digit growth. But one of the things we have been doing, I mentioned this earlier, is we've been trying to do with this business is sort of shift the application from one that was more industrial to more that was one in... or more than one is sort of health and environmental and security based. And so we're trying to get more and more designed into the higher growth end markets. And we are seeing some success in that area. So I would say longer term, and again not to get into specific '09 guidance, but I think longer term, that's a business that can probably grow in the sort of 6 to 8% sort of up to the corporate average. At the same time, you mentioned defense. I think defense to some extent is probably more stable in this environment when you think about what's happening with the macroeconomics. And if anything, we are seeing some nice growth opportunities on the defense side.
Ross Muken: That makes sense. And than lastly, how are you thinking about the cost base? I mean we are assuming that in year two of ViaCell, we are going to start to see some synergy flow through there are to the bottom line. In light of the current environment, I think people are trying to figure out how flexible certain costs are within the operating base. And how are you thinking about sort of margin expiation targets or what you would need to do in a tougher environment if some of your more sensitive businesses under performed? How much flexibility do you have to offset some of that and still be able to grow EPS significantly?
Robert F. Friel: So I think we've got a fair amount of flexibility at a couple of levels. But first of all, if you think about, the organization right now is clearly biased towards growth. So we've got a lot of people really focused on [indiscernible] the growth. If the customer... if our customers were to sort of pull back, and I'm not suggesting, we are seeing a significant pull back, but if they were to pull back, that would give us a fair amount of organizational capability to focus on productivity. And so we could look at things like increasing our Far East production, maybe doing some plant consolidation, product line shifts, material sourcing, which we've gotten a little bit away from; I mean not that we ever get totally from, but we've got a little bit away from because we've been more focused on getting the growth. And of course you've seen that with the strong organic numbers we've put up over the last four quarters. So I would say it would just be sort of a redirection of the organizational focus from one of growth to productivity. But we think we see a fair amount of opportunities in the business if we were seeing some moderation of the top line.
Ross Muken: Right, right. Thanks Rob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Quintin Lai: Good afternoon.
Robert F. Friel: Hi Quintin.
Quintin Lai: Looking at genetic screening, you talked about some of the state labs, what their funding and the macroeconomic issue. Some of the growth that you have also had is international. So could you kind of go through what are you seeing and what are you hearing? Is it more U.S.-based? Is it international or worldwide and I guess how much visibility do you have that... when do things return to normalcy for them or what would it take for things to get normal for them?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say the push outs that we're starting to see is more U.S. ... a more U.S. phenomenon at this point. So I would say international screening still seems to do okay. I would say the one area, and it's early days, so we don't know, but we think there may be a little bit of a hesitancy to adopt. So if you think about the strategy to the genetic screening business, at one level, at least on the new born there is sort of two tenants [ph] of growth. One is to layer on more tests once we sort of capture the sample and then the other is to obviously test more babies. And I think the test more babies is really more of an international push. And to the extent that there is some hesitancy from an economic perspective or a funding perspective, you could see that delayed a little bit. And then I think in the U.S., you are seeing a little bit of a push out on the adoption of new tests. As I mentioned before, I don't know that we have ever seen an instance where this get curtailed. It just sort of delays or gets pushed out because of some of the pressures on the state funding. And of course this isn't true across all states, but there are a couple of states that we know are under fairly significant fiscal pressures and are looking at sort of maybe pushing it out a quarter or two in this type of environment.
Quintin Lai: Thank you for that. And then with respect to the fourth quarter and the guidance you've given, I know in the past that you've kind of talked about being more neutrally hedged on FX. What are the FX revenue headwinds that you are expecting and what, if any, are you expecting on the bottom line?
Robert F. Friel: So it obviously depends on where the currency ends up. But as you know, we have seen I think a 13% change in the euro to dollar just in the last four weeks. So it's been a fairly dramatic change. So it's hard to predict at this point what the impact would be on reported growth. That's why I think we prefer giving our guidance really from sort of an organic perspective. Having said that, as you pointed out, the impact on the bottom line is not that significant because we do have a fair amount of expenses in Europe. And while it could move our top line revenue fairly significantly, particularly if we continue on the track that we been over the last four weeks, I don't suspect it will have a huge impact on the bottom line.
Quintin Lai: Okay. So then I guess mathematically, as we look out to not just Q4 but 2009, if you get a revenue headwind with respect to FX, the offsetting factor would be higher margins than because your cost basis in Europe would also adjust as well.
Robert F. Friel: That's right. That's correct.
Quintin Lai: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Leerink Swann. Please proceed.
Isaac Ro: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Robert F. Friel: Okay.
Isaac Ro: So I think in the past, you may have talked about the number of states in U.S. that mandate neonatal testing of some kind. I'm wondering where is that number today and how do you think the number will look maybe under a Democratic White House next year. Just trying to get a sense of how the domestic market is shaping up?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, so the best thing for that is you can go on the market time [ph] website and they have a map of the United States and they will show every state and the amount of testing that they do. Right now, virtually every state tests at least for one or two defects. And so it's a question of how much they're doing. And I think the last time I looked, I think 85% of the states now test for at least 21 things. So it's fairly high relative to the standard of care, which is 29. However, we've been working with a number of sort of regulators and sort of advisors. I think there is a possibility you could see the standard of care go up into the sort of mid 40s to low 50s here relatively soon.
Isaac Ro: Okay. And then on the camera flash business, just another time, are you seeing any pricing pressure, or do you think that that's something that you might have to build into your expectations next year as some of the phone makers are under a little pressure on their own margins?
Robert F. Friel: You mean in the phone side specifically?
Isaac Ro: Yes.
Robert F. Friel: Or just across the portfolio?
Isaac Ro: Well both actually, in the medical equipment industry as well.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I would say on the phone side, it's really volume dependent. So clearly, as the volume goes up, there is an expectation that there is some of that economic benefit given back to the OEM. So I think as volumes go up, I think there will be some pricing pressure. I think on the medical imaging side, again, that is really sort of a volume plan. As you may recall, that's really a fixed cost fab to a large extent. So it's the economics around as volume goes up, you get significant productivity and cost reductions. And usually with the number of our customers, there's some type of sharing arrangement with those economic savings
Isaac Ro: Okay. And then just lastly, how do you guys stand on the CFO status?
Robert F. Friel: Continuing to see some good candidates, and I would say still fairly optimistic we could have somebody here in the seat probably in the next 60 days.
Isaac Ro: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Arndt with Select Equity Group. Please proceed.
Christopher Arndt: Yes, I just wanted to follow up on your comments on productivity. You mentioned that if you started to see a slow down that you could focus on that a little bit more than growth. But it seems that you already have seem a slowdown to some extent and it would be reasonable to expect a slowdown going into 2009. And so I did want to follow up to see what initiatives you might be taking now.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So you may remember... and Mike mentioned the fact that that in Q3, we did take a $7 million restructuring charge. It was a little over 100 people.
Christopher Arndt: Okay.
Robert F. Friel: So we actually started sort of the end of Q2 beginning of Q3 started looking at in selective businesses, this clearly wasn't a sort of across the board type of thing. So we have already started to take a good look at our costs from that perspective. What I was really referring to was before where we started to see a slowdown, I would say where we thought it was sort of a longer term more sustained, we could shift some resources within the organization that are focus on growth. I would say at this point, we're not doing a lot that because you could argue, we have seen a slowdown from 10% to 8% in the third quarter. But I still think we see a lot of opportunities out there within the business. So it's really making a distinction between sort of more sustainable pull back from the customers that we might start to shift some resources within the organization. Having said that, I think we are always looking at trying to being more productive in our factories and always looking for more opportunities to be cost effective.
Christopher Arndt: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Groberg with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed
Jonathan Groberg: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the call.
Robert F. Friel: Good afternoon.
Jonathan Groberg: Congratulations on the quarter.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you.
Jonathan Groberg: Just so you know, I was pressing star 1 upfront and somehow I got pushed to the back once they had to reset the system or whatever.
Robert F. Friel: All right, sorry about that. It looks like we had a little technical glitch there.
Jonathan Groberg: There were people that were pressing star one if they are [ph] still listening. Can you just maybe talk about, first of all, as you look into '09, I think that's where a lot of peoples concern and you have two very difficult comps. You mentioned ViaCell was growing very fast at the beginning of the year. And while that was in acquisition revenue, and with the consumer slowdown potentially how you see that playing out at the beginning of the year, next year. And then also in the cell phone business, it sounded to me as though on that piece, you were actually talking about getting into some new areas outside of cell phones. And I was just curious if you made progress and maybe getting speced [ph] into some of the different models or kind of where you stand on that business as you anniversary some very rapid growth?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, so I would say it's a little early to get into specific discussions around '09. We are actually within the company, as we speak, sort of rolling up the '09 number. So I don't know that I can talk to the individual quarters. We do recognize that the first half of 2008 was particularly strong and a number of our business is that the same time a number of our businesses that have struggled in first half of 2008. For example, under if you call bio discovery acting was negative organic in the first quarter of 2008. So, I think when we rolled up or after the sort of look it the mix across the portfolio And see how that plays out relative to our guidance for the quarters particularly in the first half of the year. With regard to the cell phones and how we are getting as far as getting into other programs we actually won a number of other programs I would say in the last couple of months. However we are seeing as a result of what's happening from a consumer spending perspective those being pushed to the right. So it's really question of how quickly they ramp up but we have been successful in getting on some additional programs.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay, thanks for the color there. And then can we just clarify a little bit is well what your actually seen in the medical emerging side. There's some issues with some of that big equipment for a while that you, previously as said your pretty immune to it sounds like may be its catching up a little bit to you now and just may be you know expand on that one a little? And then on the screening, are you actually seeing states that are pushing things out or are you just kind of proactively thinking hey, if our funding is scares, this might be something that they decide to push out? Are you already seeing some of that?
Robert F. Friel: So I would say on the imaging side, I think some of the problems that others saw before were really addressing different modalities. So it was really more CT and MRI, and I think a lot of that was driven by the Deficit Reduction Act. And so we were... really didn't impact us. So I think what you're seeing now is sort of a different phenomena, which is you're seeing a curtailment of orders I think largely because of credit market issues where the financing just isn't available. So I think it is a little bit different from what I think some of the others saw, let's say, in Q1 and Q2. I think with regard to genetic screening, I would say we saw sort of early indications of some delays by our customers. But I think at this point, we're being particularly cautious. Because I think... as I think about November and December, I'd just... my own view is I think markets get a little bit more difficult here before they get better. And I just think in this environment, it's good to be cautious. And so I think we're being a little cautious in our forecast of the fourth quarter viewing that. If we're too cautious, I don't know that there is a huge downside to that. And if things continue better and our customers do not push as we think, then we will do a little bit better. But I think we are being... I think we want to err on conservative here. I think it's the prudent thing to do in this environment.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. And then finally, just one clarification question. You said ViaCell was actually accretive to the company margins in the quarter?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, in the third quarter.
Jonathan Groberg: In the third quarter, okay, that's great. And congratulations on seeing some good margin expansion. On the new product side, on the screening, more on the prenatal side maybe. I know you've talked about some potential markers and things you're doing there. Obviously, you probably read the news of a number. It's a space where some competitors are going after things. Can you maybe update us where you're at in terms of some of the new potential markers and --
Robert F. Friel: So on our side, I think we still make good progress from sort of the content in the markers. I think some of the timing in the marker is going to be dependent on FDA approval and put to all that's a difficult thing to predict. We're shooting for sort of mid to late '09 whether we achieve that or not is somewhat out of our hands. But I would say from our own performance, we feel good about that and I think we're making good progress.
Jonathan Groberg: Is that for the prenatal here?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, that's where the prenatal markers.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay.
Robert F. Friel: With regard to the competitive environment around prenatal screening generally. As you said, it's been sort of an active area. I guess the only thing I would comment with regard to that is if you think about what we do versus what things being suggested, it's a little different. We do sort of screening... population screening, if you will, relatively low cost, relatively simple to do. And I think what you're talking about is a much more involved process that is really sort of almost bordering on diagnostic. And so I really think they are different and not really competitive at this point.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Lawson with Thomas W. Please proceed.
Peter Lawson: Rob, I wonder if I could just ask you about the weakness in some of the applied markets like oil and gas. Have you seen any weakness there with the drop off in CapEx investments?
Robert F. Friel: So, Peter, oil and gas isn't a huge market for us. Probably petrochemical would be a little bit larger for us. We don't have a real big sort of revenue base in oil and gas. But I would say I don't know that we have seen anything noticeable there as far as a drop off.
Peter Lawson: Okay. And then just thinking about worst case scenarios, do you... how much organic growth do you need to drive up margin expansion or can you get that margin expansion next year without necessary needing organic growth?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So I would say, first of all, I mean obviously, there could be a scenario where we don't grow. But I think that's highly unlikely. What I was trying to sort of articulate earlier on is that a lot of our businesses are not that economically sensitive. Now they may be sensitive to other things, but they're not that economically sensitive. So I think we feel pretty good that almost in any economic environment, we're going to see positive revenue growth. Now the question of what level that is and whether that's mid single-digits or high single-digits. But I think we feel fairly confident. So I think the really question for us is on the margin growth is how much of that incremental profit from the growth is invested back in growth and how much of that flows through to the bottom line. And if you look over the last year or two, it's been sort of fairly balanced because we believe we have good businesses in good growth markets and we want to make sure that we're getting the new products, we're getting innovation out into the market, we are building the infrastructure, whether it's in the Pac Rim or wherever. So we've been balanced between that. I think if we saw a situation where the market growth was down fairly significantly, we would let more of that flow though to the operating margin and probably less need to invest. And so I think that's how I would think about our ability to get operating margin expansion in a slower growth environment.
Peter Lawson: And then sort of thinking about inflation, how much pricing power do you have? Is that 50% of the business you think you've got pricing power and if you've actually implemented any price changes?
Robert F. Friel: So it varies by business as you sort of point out. I would say a good portion of our portfolio because of the strong market positions we have. I think we do have some pricing power. We have done some things particularly in the area of freight, and I think a lot of those have stuck. So I think on balance, we have pretty good pricing power in a number of our businesses.
Peter Lawson: Okay, Rob. Thank you so much.
Robert F. Friel: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from line of Tony Butler with Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Tony Butler: Thanks very much. Rob, you characterize Q4 organic revenue of 6 to 8%, but I am just curious... and you said perhaps that was really toward the upper end. But is there a scenario where you might be seeing some additional pressure where in fact growth could be negative?
Robert F. Friel: Yes so, Tony, let me just sort of clarify a little bit. The 6 to 8 and our upper end was really was the full year. I think we're probably looking at Q4 growth in the low to mid single-digits at this point. And again, maybe I'm being conservative, but the 6 to 8 and let's say the higher end of 6 to 8 was really talking from the full year 2008.
Tony Butler: Fair point. Thank you very much. And when you alluded to the north of 100 folks that were let go any particular area that you can characterize where those folks may resided and more importantly as you think about cost on a forward-looking basis is that same area or other areas being thought of is areas that you may also see some folks maybe let go.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, so when we daily exercise we're really trying to focus on is those businesses or those areas that we did not see the growth prospects. So it was really in the businesses that we thought that we are not going to see the revenue expansion that we... see in the other businesses because really part of what we want to do is because in the businesses that are growing well, we want to continue to invest there. But we want to do it in a way where maybe the total dollars are not going out. So it was really over time merely a shift in our expenditures. Now of course if economic times get tough, we won't make those incremental investments. But it was really sort of a shift from slower growth businesses with the eventual reinvestment into the higher growth businesses yet to be determined on how the macroeconomic conditions play out.
Tony Butler: Appreciate the color. Last questions around the Pac Rim. Did I understand your characterization as being more cautious in that region on a forward-looking basis? And if that were true, any particular reason why other than just simply credit and potential economic slowdown globally that you may have said that?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think that's right. I think when I meant cautious was really just sort of a moderation in growth rates, but still probably pretty high when you think about the developing world. So we have experienced some very nice growth in those regions as I mentioned sort of north of 25%. And the view is if there is going to be pressure on credit, if there is going to a moderation of global economic growth, I think we would sort of plan for that coming into sort of the high teens, maybe low 20s. Again, very nice growth rate, but relative to what we have seen historically, I think down a little bit.
Tony Butler: Thank you so much. Appreciate it.
Robert F. Friel: Thanks.
Operator: With no further questions in the queue, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Friel for closing remarks.
Robert F. Friel: Okay. Thank you everyone for your interest in PerkinElmer. As I mentioned, we are going through some difficult times, but I think we feel very well positioned to do well in these difficult economic times and look forward to reporting the progress in the fourth quarter in the latter part of January. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude your presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Michael A. Lawless: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. I am Mike Lawless, VP Investor Relations for PerkinElmer. With me on the call are Rob Friel, President and CEO; and Mike Battles, VP and interim CFO. If you have not received a copy of the earnings press release, you may get one from the investor section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com or from our toll-free investor hot line, 1-877-PKI-NYSE. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until August 24, 2008. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statement that is we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change, so you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I am now pleased to introduce the President and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you, Mike. Good afternoon and I appreciate you joining us this afternoon for our second quarter earnings call. We are very pleased with our Q2 results. Revenue growth, earnings per share and cash flow all exceeded our expectations. Strong growth across our entire portfolio of businesses, as well as good operating execution drove the strong financial performance. As Mike will discuss the growth of our individual businesses, I will briefly discuss the trends in several of our key markets. In our diagnostic businesses, which for us includes genetic screening and medical imaging, our growth exceeded 20% driven by two fundamental trends. The first is the trend toward earlier detection of disease. For PerkinElmer we benefit from this trend through the move towards first trimester risk assessment and increased newborn testing both in the US and increasingly throughout the world. During the second quarter we saw particularly strong growth for prenatal and neonatal screening internationally with especially strong growth from emerging territories such as China, Russia, and Mexico. The second trend is more accurate detection and treatment of disease which is increasing the need for more accurate X-ray equipment. This is in turn driving the transition from film based to digital X-ray, which enables better diagnosis and better medical outcomes. During the quarter, we continued to increase our output of digital panels through expanded capacity and higher production yields resulting in a record level of shipments in Q2. As our capacity increases, we are now able to look to expand the application of our digital X-ray technology beyond the traditional diagnostic and therapeutic applications. In the biopharma, the market appears to be stabilizing but at relatively modest growth rates. The biopharma end market for us includes instruments and reagents for research, analytical tools for production, and several different service offerings. In Q2, we experienced growth in the high single digits. In the biopharma end markets through the strong growth in our reagents as a result of several new product introductions and good market receptivity to our recently introduced customer custom assay services. Our One Source offering also experienced strong growth benefiting from large pharma's increasing desire to outsource laboratory assets and thereby reduce costs and improve productivity of their lab assets. Other markets that are relevant for us include environmental which continue to benefit from a focus on clean air and air and water, food and consumer product safety and alternative energy where our breadth of technology differentiates our offering in these critical areas. In the basic industrial markets the pressure to control energy costs and conserve fuel is driving demand for improved analysis, monitoring and sensing capabilities all of which we provide. During Q2 as a result of these trends we saw particularly strong growth in the areas of chromatography and materials characterization as well as sensors for environmental applications. By geographic region, our end market growth was strongest outside the US with particular strength in emerging markets such as China, Eastern Europe and South America. During the quarter we announced several initiatives to increase our global capabilities and resources. First in Mumbai, India, we opened a new eco analytics applications and technical center dedicated to application development and methods for environmental testing, food safety, and sustainable energy. Second, we appointed Dan Marshak our Chief Scientific Officer as President of greater China operations, where he will focus on expanding our resources in the region to drive innovation and new product introductions. Third, we introduced a major new agreement with the Mexican Ministry of Health to expand its newborn screening program across Mexico to increase coverage to 1.9 million of Mexico's 2.5 million births per year. These investments should position us well for future growth in these emerging growth areas. Looking forward, we feel good about our business and the global trends driving our growth. We have had a strong first half and we expect to continue this momentum in the back half. We are clearly benefiting from our strategy of pursuing a balance between targeted internal R&D and bolt-on acquisitions. This approach has allowed to us accelerate our revenue growth rates over the last several quarters and we are now experiencing good margin expansion. While we'll continue to closely monitor global business trends, we believe the diversity of our end markets and the strength of our businesses should position us for a strong 2008. Now I will turn the call over to Mike, to discuss the financial results in more detail. Mike.
Michael L. Battles: Thank you, Rob and good afternoon, everyone. I am going to go over our financial performance in more detail and discuss some of the key drivers of performance in the quarter, then I will provide updated guidance on our outlook for Q3 and the full year before we open up the call to questions. Before I get into specifics, I want to clarify that whenever I talk about a particular (inaudible) up or down, I am referring to an increase or decrease in that measure during the second quarter of 2008 compared to the second quarter of 2007. To the extent that I use a non-GAAP measures, those numbers have been reconciled to the comparable GAAP measure in the financial tables of the press release or posted on our website. As Rob discussed earlier, Q2 was an excellent quarter of financial performance. We continue to deliver on our goal of sustaining our revenue growth momentum while improving our operating margins and general generating strong cash flows. By segment sales growth was 22% for LAS and 19% for Optoelectronics. Of the LAS sales growth, approximately 6% came from foreign exchange and approximately 6% came from acquisitions. Optoelectronics increased approximately 4% from the impact of foreign exchange. The remaining revenue comparisons are presented on a reported basis which includes the impact of foreign exchange in acquisitions. Starting with life and local sciences, each one of our businesses grew double-digits in the second quarter. Genetic screening and laboratory service grew over 20% due to growth in our neonatal, prenatal and core blood banking business in genetic screening. Laboratory sales service grew in our traditional business as well as continued success in growing our OneSource business. In analytical sciences sales increased due to good performance in chromatography and material characterization driven by environmental applications such as clean water and consumer product safety as well as continued solid industrial applications growth. Within Bio-Discovery, performance strengthened in Q2 as revenue increased due to the improved instrument sales and continued strong growth in reagents. In Optoelectronics, medical imaging and lighting grew over 20% and sensors in mid-single digits. In medical imaging, we again achieved record output at our fab during Q2. This was driven by broad based demand for both diagnostic and therapeutic applications and our effort to increase production levels to address our customer needs. Especially lighting growth of the primarily in demand four our ZION flash modules for the mobile phone cameras. In sensors, sales were driven by growth in environmental and energy management applications partially offset by a weak market in defense and aerospace applications. Turning to gross profit, we generated good gross margin expansion in Q2. This was driven primarily by volume leverage, the favorable impact of the ViaCell acquisition and productivity initiatives. These factors were partially offset by inflation. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased as a percentage of revenue primarily due to the impact of the ViaCell acquisition as that business carried higher SG&A expense as a percentage of sales. We also grew our investment in research and development during the quarter as we funded our new product pipeline. GAAP operating profit was 9% in Q2 2008 versus 11% in Q2 2007. On a non-GAAP basis adjusted operating profit increased 50 basis points year-on-year which was largely due to higher volume. In the quarter, we had an effective tax rate of 24.6% on a reported basis which was consistent with our prior guidance. For adjusted EPS we have calculated the tax rate increase without the effects of amortization and stock option expense which increases the rate by approximately 300 basis points. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $0.27 compared to $0.28 in Q2 '07. Adjusted EPS was $0.36 in Q2 '08, an increase of 20% over the prior year. Exceeding our prior guidance of $0.33 to $0.35 and consensus estimates of $0.35 which excludes $0.01 of stock-based compensation. Now, turning to the balance sheet. We finished the quarter with good liquidity and $328 million of net debt which we defined as short and long-term debt minus cash. During the second quarter, we closed on $150 million long-term debt instrument. The proceeds of that placement were used to repay a portion of our existing $650 million revolving credit facility and will provide us with more liquidity for our capital needs going forward. This placement of debt translates into higher interest expense which we expect to be about $7 million per quarter in the second half of 2008. Looking at the cash flow statement, during the second quarter of 2008, we generated operating cash flows from continuing operations of $79 million which is an increase of 14% over $69 million in Q2 '07. Our focus on working capital continues to pay dividends as we achieve working capital terms of 5.6 times in the quarter primarily due to improved inventory management. We are quite pleased with our performance for the first half and believe this performance positions us well to achieve our goals for the rest of 2008. Let me now outline our guidance for Q3 and the full year of 2008. For the third quarter we expect revenue growth in the mid-to high teens with changes in foreign exchange and acquisitions contributing approximately 4 and 5% respectively. For Q3, we expect to earn GAAP EPS from continuing operations of $0.27 to $0.28 and adjusted EPS of $0.36 to $0.37. Keep in mind that the way we report adjusted EPS, we exclude the effects of stock-based compensation which is expected to be $0.01 for the quarter. So, our guidance on an equivalent basis for First Call is $0.35 to $0.36. Turning to the full year, our new GAAP guidance is $1.13 to $1.16. On an adjusted basis let me remind you that in January, we effectively forecast cash EPS for the full year 2008 of $1.43 to $1.50. Given the performance in Q1, in April we stated that our adjusted EPS would be at the high-end that far previous range. As a result of our good performance in the first half, we are now increasing our adjusted EPS guidance for the full year 2008 from the range of $1.50 to $1.53. For the full year our adjusted EPS excludes stock-based compensation of approximately $0.05 through our guidance on a basis equivalent with First Call translates into a range of $1.45 to $1.48 which increases the top end of our range by $0.03. I would now like to open the call to your questions. QUESTION AND ANSWER
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Jonathan Groberg with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed. Mr. Groberg, your line is open. Your next question comes from the line of David Chung with Lehman Brothers. Please proceed.
David Chung: Thanks very much. Just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the expanded opportunity in Mexico? What do you think is the revenue opportunity and how do you see that ramping up?
Robert F. Friel: We've been in Mexico for a little bit now. This is really an expanded opportunity that increases both the number of tests we're doing and also the access to the children. I think from a revenue perspective, it will start out to be relatively small but the opportunity I think could be a you mean couple million dollars over the period of time that the contract lasts, and I think, the other important aspect of it, it continues to expand our reach into the Latin America and South American areas.
David Chung: Thanks. Also another question that I had was in terms of your OPTO operating margins. In general, were they in line with your expectations?
Robert F. Friel: I think the OPTO business continues to do very well and if anything, is probably a little better than our expectations. I think the combination of the higher revenue growth and the improved yields in our fab in Santa Clara actually our margin is probably a little better than what we expected.
David Chung: So would you expect more significant expansion in the back half of this year?
Robert F. Friel: A lot of it is going to depend on the revenue growth in the back half, and I think one of the things is particularly in OPTO when we get to the back half, when we start to cycle up a little bit more difficult comparisons, particularly in Q4 because if you recall in the fourth quarter we were shipping some of the mobile phone modules in Q4, so we will cycle up to a little bit more difficult comparisons from a revenue growth perspective, so I am not sure that we'll see as significant a revenue growth, but we continue to expect good margin expansion in the back half in OPTO.
David Chung: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: It is actually, Mike in for Ross. He is stuck on another call. Nice job on the quarter.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: I wanted to get to one point you mentioned briefly about the excess capacity on the lighting panels and you're going to start to look for other applications outside diagnostics. Can you talk a little bit more about this and what kind of--?
Robert F. Friel: You mean, on the digital imaging panels?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Robert F. Friel: I think that's right. As we build capacity and our yields go up, I think if you look over the last couple of quarters because we were constrained from the standpoint of capacity and we're now starting to get to the point where we're sort of meeting our customer demand, it opens up an opportunity to sort of pursue some opportunities outside the sort of therapeutic and the medical diagnostic applications, so these would be things like dental, veterinarian, non-destructive testing. So we've now increased our sales force in this area to go out and pursue some of these opportunities that previously we were not pursuing because we didn't have the capacity to fill the orders.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. One thing, I may have missed or didn't seem like you addressed it is the ever present mobile phone lighting and some of the camera stuff. Can you give a little update there? I know you said last quarter were expecting it to stabilize and start to grow. What trends are you seeing in that market?
Robert F. Friel: I think that continues to do well for us. As I mentioned previously, we started shipping that in Q4, and then I would say from Q1 there was some growth and in Q2 and I think we still feel good about that's going to continue to grow throughout the year there and we continue to still feel bullish about the opportunities in that market and in that business.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks, guys. I will let someone else get to their questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Leerink Swann. Please proceed.
Isaac Ro: Hey, guys, thanks for taking the question. First up, just to follow-up with the digital X-ray question, specifically in dental, are you actively seeking partners there or have you already signed up partners for dental and they're just waiting for your capacity to free up?
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say we're actively pursuing partners, as compared to that they're signed up and waiting for the capacity.
Isaac Ro: Okay. And then on the camera flash business have you talked about what percentage of camera phones currently incorporate a flash and what percentage of those phones would you expect to employ a base flash over a period of time?
Robert F. Friel: I would say the percentage is in the low single digits and I think over time depending on the adoption rate, I think depending when you talk to the phone manufacturers, they believe that could be in the sort of 10% to 15% rate of adoption.
Isaac Ro: Okay. And then when I kind of think about phone manufacturers, I kind of think of the market being like I think it's like three or four of them have the lion's share of the market. Are you guys working with all of the top three or four players in the market?
Robert F. Friel: We are working with all of the large producers of the handsets.
Isaac Ro: Okay. Great and then lastly, just not sure if you have mentioned this in recent quarters, but for Luminex and your partnership in neonatal testing there for next generation, do you have update on us for what plans are for that?
Robert F. Friel: For Luminex?
Isaac Ro: Yes.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think we continue to work with them. It is one of the technologies we pursue relative to the newborn screening and I think it continues to work well, but it is one of many that many different technologies we're pursuing within the newborn screening area.
Isaac Ro: Okay. Great. And then lastly, just on FX, can you break out how the impact differed between the two units during the quarter?
Robert F. Friel: Can you repeat the question, please?
Isaac Ro: How foreign exchange tail winds, how they might have, I think it was 5% overall to the business, wondering how that might have differed between the two reporting units?
Robert F. Friel: I think it was 6% within LAS and 4% within OPTO.
Isaac Ro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Quintin Lai: Hi, congratulations on a nice quarter.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you.
Quintin Lai: Sorry, unfortunately I came to this conference call late. Did you talk a little bit about, how some of your prenatal testing is going on and apologize if I am already asking a question that has already been asked, but I am just curious to find out how prenatal is doing and then what are you seeing on the competitive landscape with respect to new tests on the horizon?
Robert F. Friel: So the answer to the question is we didn't break out and normally we don't break out into that level of detail as regards to prenatal. What we did say was genetic screening was very strong, again a quarter where we exceeded 20% growth in genetic screening. I would say across all the businesses we saw very good volume growth. So whether it was newborn, prenatal, as well as the ViaCord business and so they were all very strong. And I would say across the markets there is probably some increased competitive pressure, but not significantly, but I would say there is some increased competition, but so far as I mentioned we continue to see strong growth in volume across all our businesses.
Quintin Lai: Okay. And then with respect to the forward guidance you just gave here, how do you put into perspective kind of what we're hearing about big pharmaceutical and I know it is it is not a big part of your business, but the spyness that we've heard so far this quarter and then with respect to inflationary costs?
Robert F. Friel: Let me talk about pharma first. So, I would say our view of pharma is it is stabilizing, probably to a point where it won't be robust growth, but it is probably okay. As we mentioned on calls before, the instrument fees or at least in the Bio-discovery piece is relatively small for us, but as I said that's sort of stabilizing and probably saw something in the low single-digit growth there. But we still see good growth in the reagent and I mentioned the fact that we've introduced recently some custom synthesis and some additional assay development services that is sort of getting good traction, so we seem to be getting a little bit of a benefit of their desire to do some outsourcing because of the cost pressures that they're under. So I would say in our guidance we're not assuming any significant increase in growth within the biopharma area, but as I said probably fairly stable. From a commodity inflation perspective, it doesn't have a significant impact on our business. The only area where we really see it is probably the impact that fuel has on transportation costs, so clearly we're seeing increases in freight and so what we're trying to do is take some actions within the company to try and reduce the impact of that as well as to as best we can try and pass some of that onto the customers and so the assumption in the back half is fuel costs don't get any better and we built that into the guidance that Mike gave.
Quintin Lai: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Peter Lawson with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please proceed.
Peter Lawson: I wonder if you can talk about, also sorry that I arrived late on the call as well, so sorry if I am repeating questions, but?
Robert F. Friel: Peter, could you speak up a little bit?
Peter Lawson: Yes. Have you seen any slowdown in end markets at all?
Robert F. Friel: I think if you look across all of PerkinElmer, there is a number of end markets, and I would say there are some areas where clearly the overall slowing of the global economy is having some impact, so I would say there is some areas where we are seeing some slowing there is, but I think because of the diversity and particularly the areas where I think we have got some real strength, that's being more than offset by strong growth, so whether it is on the imaging or the genetic screening side or the environmental marketing, or the environmental monitoring, that's more than offsetting some slowing we're seeing probably in the what you would classify as the more industrial type markets.
Peter Lawson: What are the products that are suffering in that industrial type markets?
Robert F. Friel: It would be some of our lighting, specialty lighting applications as well as some of our sensors, or probably the ones that are seeing the impact of the overall industrial slowdown.
Peter Lawson: What would you say the exposure is to those kinds of businesses?
Robert F. Friel: I would say it probably 15% of our revenue, it varies from 15% and maybe as high as 20%, but it's in that type of range.
Peter Lawson: And I wonder if you can talk through the ViaCell acquisition, how that's proceeding. Are you seeing cross-selling benefits yet?
Robert F. Friel: So, ViaCell had a very strong Q2. They continue to see strong growth and profitability, and so we continue to be excited about the opportunity there, and we are in the process of combining the sales force to try and get the benefit of the cross-selling opportunities with our NTD product into the OBGYN channel. So we're very pleased with ViaCells performance in Q2 and expect it to continue to do well in the back half.
Peter Lawson: And then what's the current thought on some of the more industrial businesses, some of the assets that probably don't fit within that kind of biopharma business about spinning those off at some point?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say when we look across PerkinElmer, it is more than just sort of a biopharma end market. You have sort of diagnostics. You've got the biopharma, you've got the environmental monitoring and a number of other applications and a number of those products while they have some applications that go into industrial end markets, the products also serve the markets that I talked about previously, so in a lot of cases the industrial applications are the same products that are going into environmental applications or biopharma or in some cases diagnostic. So it is a way of being able to sell more products into different markets but fundamentally they're going into either human health or environmental health end markets. So, there may be some, but probably relatively small that we don't feel fit strategically but overall I think the majority of the portfolio, I think we feel pretty good about.
Peter Lawson: And then just finally on the radio chemical business, are you seeing growth of that from the GE pulling from that market?
Robert F. Friel: We are seeing some growth in that business as a result of GE dropping out, yes, we did experience growth in that business.
Peter Lawson: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Groberg with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Jonathan Groberg: Thanks for taking the call and congratulations on a phenomenal top line at least and a phenomenal quarter.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you.
Jonathan Groberg: Can you maybe just, I think what's most impressive about this quarter as I look at it anyway is LAS which has been solid but this time it looks like it is growing close to 10% organically. Can you maybe talk about outside of the ones you typically talk about, what's going on in some of those businesses that drove that 10%, whether it was the radioactive was picking up a little bit or just kind of can you talk about some of the other things outside of the genetic neonatal screening and some of the other ones?
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say, as I alluded to before, it was fairly broad based, so genetic screening did well, service continues to do a very good job. I think if there was two areas that maybe were a little bit better than previously was we continue to see very good traction in the analytical sciences area, particularly around our push into more application focused solutions as compared to technologies, and so whether it is the eco analytics that's going into sort of food, air and consumer products, or a number of other applications that we're working on, material characterization that is seeing some up lift because of the pressure on fuel and energy costs. So, I think that was one area, and then I would say the other area is within the Bio-discovery, we are seeing strong growth in the reagent side and I think that's a function of a number of new products that we've come out fairly recently and you can even go back to maybe twelve or eighteen months ago where we stepped up the R&D in that area and I think we're starting to see some good traction, and some good growth. So, I would sort of spike out those two but also the point that I think across the entire LAS we saw some good growth this last quarter.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. Great. And then on the SG&A can you maybe talk about your plans, looks like in order it hit some of the targets you made for the year, margins are going to have to expand a little bit more in the second half and maybe what your plans are to get that to happen?
Robert F. Friel: The increase i SG&A is largely a function of the ViaCell business, and as you may recall, Jon, we said in the beginning that in the first quarter it would be sort of dilutive to margins and in the second quarter it would sort of get closer to the corporate average and in the back it would be accretive to margins. I think we feel good we're on track to that. ViaCell is a business that has very high SG&A but has very high gross margins so north of 80%. As the volume ramps in ViaCell, I think that will take care of itself from an accretion perspective and operating margin. So, I think that really sort of addresses what the issue with the SG&A is. There is a little bit of FX in our SG&A as well that's driving it up a little bit, but I think the real opportunity to expand operating margins in the back half is going to come from the growth, so you're going to get leverage on the volume growth and then of course we get good mix from the standpoint of the businesses that are growing faster, notably the imaging and genetic screening and service, have higher than the corporate average operating margins.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. And just to get that leverage that you're talking about with the ViaCell infrastructure that's in place, can you get that with just the ViaCell sales themselves continuing to grow or do you need to get more sales through some of your other to get them selling more of your other products as well?
Robert F. Friel: I think with ViaCell specifically, we believe we can grow revenue faster than we need to grow SG&A, so that in and of itself will provide leverage and expand our operating margins. Then of course you have the rest of the business which I think we do get good volume leverage across all of the businesses, so I think the recipe for the second half is just to continue to get good revenue growth and not increase the operating expenses at the same level.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. And then last question, a number of the companies here that are at least well run companies have this quarter actually reported pretty strong growth including yourselves here. Given the portfolio of businesses that you have, it is not like you've necessarily been through a recession, so I am just, how confident or comfortable are you that this isn't kind of just a late cycle last gasp before things kind of slow down and this is sustainable over say the next twelve months?
Robert F. Friel: I think it is something we always are concerned about and question ourselves. One of the things we try and do is not only look at sort of our customers' demands and growth but also try and understand even sort of their customers' or what's really driving their end markets and make sure we have a good appreciation for the sustainability of the growth. I think it is something you always want to challenge yourself on so the growth prospects out there and make sure that you're being responsive from the cost side as well. So, I don't know that our crystal ball is better than anybody else's, but I think when we look out at least for the back half of the year we feel fairly confident that we can continue to see pretty good revenue growth and be able to deliver the EPS and the margin expansion that we've sort of reported.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. Thanks a million.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. It appears we have no more audio questions at this time.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you. So, thank you all for your questions and your interest in PerkinElmer. We feel like we had a great quarter and good momentum into the back half. And we look forward to reporting our continued progress on our third quarter call. This call is adjourned, and have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes our presentation. You may now disconnect.  And have a good day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-25 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the PerkinElmer First Quarter 2008 Conference Call. My name is Antoine, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Mike Lawless, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Mr. Lawless.
Michael A. Lawless: Thank you, Antoine. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer First Quarter 2008 earnings conference call. If you have not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investor Section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com or from our toll-free investor hotline at 1-877-PKI-NYSE. Please note, this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until May 24the, 2008. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change. So, you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I'm now pleased to introduce the President and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Rob Friel.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you, Mike. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us to discuss PerkinElmer's first quarter 2008 results. Also in the call is Jeff Capello, our Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, I'll walk through the drivers to our first quarter performance and discuss our priorities for the year. Jeff will then provide some details on our financial performance and then we will open the call up for your questions. The first quarter was an excellent start for 2008 as both our revenue and earnings exceeded our expectations. In particular, our organic revenue growth at 10% is the best first quarter in over five years, which we feel especially good about given the uncertain economic outlook. Our strong performance in Q1 was attributed to the resiliency of many of our end markets and very good operational execution by our employees across the organization. In addition, we are benefiting from the investments we've made over the last several quarters in new products, facility expansions and bolt-on acquisitions. We are also quite pleased that our adjusted operating income was up 24%, driven by good growth in our gross margins. While the revenue growth was a big driver, it was also due to excellent performance out of our factories and the improving mix of our businesses as a result of our investment priorities over the last several years. Turning to the major drivers of our performance in the quarter, in genetic screening, we had another strong quarter of growth. Our end markets in these areas are continuing to grow in the mid-teens, driven by the increasing awareness of the benefits of early and more accurate detection of disease. However, we are growing faster than the end markets in these areas due to the introduction of new products, the strong performance of our recent acquisitions, and our ability to leverage our global scale and drive increased geographic expansion. In our core neonatal screening business, we either won new contracts or expanded existing screening levels in Mexico, Chile, Korea, Taiwan, Saudi Arabia and the Czech Republic. In the U.S., we are benefiting from the fact that the number of states offering the standard of care continues to increase, and we've introduced several new analytes to screen for cystic fibrosis that are starting to become part of the state's mandatory panel. In the prenatal area, the preference to screen in the first trimester continues to grow, and within the next few months we will have completed a significant physical expansion of our NTD screening capabilities. We also continue to look for companies that expand our technology and market reach. We closed the acquisition of a metabolic screening lab, formerly owned by Pediatrix, which we have renamed PKI Genetics and will complement our previous acquisitions of NTD and ViaCell. Both of these acquisitions continue to perform [ph] well in Q1 and we are accretive to our organic growth rate. In Medical Imaging, the market growth continued strong due to continued penetration of digital x-ray into the large analog x-ray market. Here too, we are growing in excess of the market because of our increased capacity, which has given us the ability to pursue new applications which were previously not possible due to our constrained supply. The fact that we are able to obtain this additional capacity is directly attributable to both our capital investments as well as the Santa Clara employees who drove first quarter panel yields from the fab to an all-time high. In Analytical Sciences, we continue to benefit from the increased emphasis on the environment as well as growing awareness of elemental and organic contaminants in food and consumer products. Just to mention one area, last year alone over 25 million toys were recalled for safety concerns. As a result, toy manufacturers are aggressively pushing testing requirements upstream through their supply chains. We are quickly responding to the toy manufacturers need to address the safety of their products as well as their brand reputation with a development of PlaySafe Analyzer that are configured with the methodologies, applications and SOPs that may need to ensure that their products meet their standards for safety. This analyzer approach is not limited to toys. We are employing our breadth of analytical technologies to develop new analyzers, which have been configured specifically for our customers' needs, whether they are measuring toxic metals, detecting pathogen contamination, analyzing hydrocarbons or detecting counterfeit drugs. We had a very successful PITTCON where we introduced several new analyzers, which were configured specifically for food manufacturers, environmental laboratories and bio-fuel startups as a part of our EcoAnalytix initiative. Our reagent business, which serves the biopharma market is another, which benefited from recently introduced new products. In fact, due to the strength of these products our reagent business is now almost 60% of our biodiscovery revenue. However, the success of our reagent platforms is being offset by weakness in the instrument business as the biopharma companies are cutting capital budgets and deferring purchases on larger ticket instruments. Fortunately our biodiscovery instrument revenue is less than 7% of our total revenue. So we are not very exposed to pharma capital spending. Our photonics business also is benefiting from our increased spending on new products as it too grew faster than the underlying markets. In particular, our Xenon Flash module for mobile phones had a very strong quarter as did our new thermal biosensors used to improve energy efficiency. We expect the adoption of Xenon Flash to continue as a growth innovation in mobile phones. Our service business continued its strong growth trend through a combination of winning new business and increasing business with existing customers. The process [ph] pressures on a number of our customers are causing them to intensify their efforts to rationalize costs, which is resulting in more outsourcing. During the first quarter, we continued to further differentiate our service with the LabMetrix acquisition. LabMetrix brings patented technology involving multi-vendor validation and is a great complement to our OneSource offering. Before I turn the call over to Jeff to discuss the financial results for the quarter, I would like to briefly touch on our three top priorities for the remainder of the year. First of all, we will continue to drive profitable growth by investing around the three macro trends that influence a large percentage of our businesses. These are the trend towards early and more accurate detection in treatment of disease, the need for solutions to address the growing challenges of pollution and contamination resulting from increasing global trade and industrialization, and finally the desire of our customers to outsource more of what they do in response to pressures to reduce cost and improve productivity. As has been the case over the last few years, these investments will be a mix of internal spending and bolt-on acquisitions. The second priority is to continue to drive operational execution to both improve our cost and develop a more flexible cost base, which is particularly critical if we enter a difficult economic environment. And the third priority is to continue supporting up our global employees with the tools, training and leadership development they need to sustain the momentum of our excellent start in 2008. I believe that PerkinElmer is well-positioned for strong performance ahead. Our unique position in several attractive markets, which is supported by macro growth trends and technology innovation, continues to position us very well to grow in the current economy. Now, let me turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Thank you, Rob. Good afternoon. I will now provide some details on our financial performance for the first quarter of 2008. Then I will provide guidance on our outlook for Q2 before we open the call for questions. To the extent that I use any non-GAAP measures, those have been reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures in the appendix to the press release on our website. As Rob noted, Q1 was an excellent quarter for financial performance. We generated strong topline growth, improved operating margins, and had excellent earnings per share growth, which gets us off to a strong start for 2008. Starting first with revenue, we finished the quarter of 2008 with sales of $482 million, up 20% compared to $403 million in the first quarter of 2007. Changes in foreign exchange rates and acquisitions contributed 600 basis points and 400 basis points respectively to our consolidated sales growth in the quarter. By segment, sales growth was 19% in LAS and 22% in Optoelectronics. Of the LAS sales growth, approximately 600 basis points came from foreign exchange and approximately 600 basis points came from acquisitions. Optoelectronics increased approximately 300 basis points from the impact of foreign exchange. The remaining revenue comparisons are presented on a reported basis, which includes the impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions. Revenue strength was delivered across the board in our LAS businesses. Genetic Screening business, which was 19% of LAS revenue, increased very strong double digits driven by excellent growth in our neonatal, prenatal and new cord blood banking platform. The Analytical Sciences business, which represented about 35% of LAS revenue, increased sales in the strong double-digits driven by robust performance in inorganics, which includes our IAA, ICP, ICP Mass Spec product lines, driven by environmental applications such as clean water and consumer product safety. Laboratory Service business, which represented about 24% of LAS revenue in the fourth quarter, increased double digits. Overall, service experienced broad-based growth across all product lines and all geographies, particularly in our OneSource business. Finally, our biodiscovery business, which represented 21% of our LAS revenue in the quarter, increased sales in the mid-single digits as compared to the same period in 2007, as reagent sales exceeded our expectations and instrument sales were soft. Within Optoelectronics, we had very strong growth in both our Medical Imaging and Lighting businesses. Our Medical Imaging business, which represents 30% of Optoelectronics sales, grew strong double digits during the quarter, driven by broad-based demand for both diagnostic as well as therapeutic applications and very strong manufacturing yields, generating a record number of units for the quarter. The Specialty Lighting business, which represented 40% of Optoelectronics revenue in Q1, increased in the strong double-digits compared to Q1 of last year, driven primarily by the shipments of approximately $10 million of our flash modules for mobile phone cameras. The Optical Sensors business, which represented 30% of Optoelectronics revenue in the first quarter, increased in the low single-digits in the quarter, impacted somewhat by the slowing economy, particularly in applications for the housing and automotive markets. Geographically, revenue increased in the high-teens to high-20s across all regions. In Q1, the sales mix was 43% in Americas, 38% in Europe, and the remaining 19% in Asia. GAAP gross margins for the quarter first quarter of 2008 was 41%, up 160 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2007. Adjusted gross margin increased 130 basis points year-over-year. The improvement in gross margin was driven by volume leverage, the favorable impact of ViaCell, favorable product mix and productivity initiatives, partially offset by inflation, freight costs and growth in our lower margin gross margin businesses, such as Laboratory Services and Specialty Lighting, which have lower gross margins but also lower SG&A expenses. GAAP SG&A expenses were $132.1 million or 27.4% of sales in the first quarter of 2008, up from $101.8 million or 25.3% of sales in the first quarter of 2007. Adjusted SG&A expense as a percentage of sales increased 190 basis points. The increase in SG&A was primarily due to the impact of the ViaCell acquisition, which carries a higher SG&A level as a percentage of sales. This impact was partially offset by fixed cost leverage on higher volume sales and lower SG&A costs as a percentage of sales for Lab Services and Specialty Lighting. GAAP operating income was $36.4 million compared to $23.1milllion in the first quarter of 2007. Adjusted operating income increased 24% to $53.3 million as compared to $43.1 million in the prior year. Adjusted operating margins increased 40 basis points year-over-year due to improved focus on profitability, which more than offset the 40 basis point dilutive impact to margins of ViaCell. We are on track and making good strides in improving the margins of ViaCell and expected to be solidly profitable in Q2. Based on these trends, we expect a greater degree of margin improvement in Q2 than we experienced in Q1. Now looking at expenses below operating income, interest expense net of interest income was $5 million in Q1 '08 as compared to net interest expense of $1 million in Q1 '07. This increase was due to the increase in borrowings over the last 12 months to help fund our acquisitions and share repurchase initiatives. In the first quarter of 2008, we had tax expenses of $7.6 million for an effective tax rate of 24.6%. This tax rate was in line with our prior expectations. GAAP net income from continued operation was $23.4 million in Q1 '08, up from $14.8 million in Q1 2007. During the first quarter of 2008, we had a net loss from discontinued operations of $2.9 million, from the operation of the therapeutic programs in the ViaCell business. We expect to conclude our divestiture process related to this program by the fourth quarter of this year. GAAP EPS from continuing operations increased 57% [ph] to $0.20 in Q1 '08 from $0.12 in Q1 '07. Adjusted EPS was $0.29 in Q1 2008, an increase of 21% over the $0.24 in Q1 '07, exceeding both the First Call consensus estimate adjusted to stock option expense and our forecasted range of $0.26 to $0.27. The weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were $118 million. Now turning to the balance sheet, we finished the quarter with $185 million of cash and $381 million of debt which we define a short and long-term debt minus cash. During the quarter, we increased the size of our existing credit facility to $650 million. The additional capacity under this facility was used to repay the $300 million bridge facility that was put in place to fund the ViaCell acquisition. In addition, we expect to close on an additional $150 million of long-term finance in the second quarter that we will use primarily to repay some of the borrowings under our existing credit facility and to provide us with dry powder for potential bolt-on acquisitions and other capital needs going forward. Looking at the cash flow statement, during the first quarter of 2008 we generated operating cash flow from continuing operations of $18 million, which is an increase of 6% over the $17 million in Q1 '07. Our focus on working capital continues to pay dividends as we achieved working capital turns of five times in the first quarter. In particular, we made strong progress in inventory where we reduced days of inventory by four days on a year-over-year basis. I would now like to turn to our guidance for second quarter. For the second quarter, we expect revenue growth in the mid-teens to high-teens, driven by a continuation of the trends from the first quarter. Of this growth, changes in foreign exchange rates and acquisitions will each contribute approximately 500 basis points. We expect to earn adjusted EPS excuse me, we expect to earn GAAP EPS of $0.25 to $0.27 and on an adjusted basis, EPS of $0.33 to $0.35 excluding the cost of options. In January, we issued annual guidance for revenue and EPS growth in the low double-digit to mid-teens. Based on our adjusted EPS, excluding the cost of stock options of $1.30 for 2007, this would translate into adjusted EPS range of $1.43 to $1.50 for 2008 excluding the cost of options. Given the strength of our first quarter driven by strong execution and favorable end market trends, we feel very good about 2008. However, we think at this point in the year, given the uncertain economic outlook, it is prudent to be cautious in our outlook. As a result, we expect to deliver adjusted EPS, excluding stock options, at the higher end of the original range of $1.43 to $1.50. We have now concluded our prepared comments, and would now like to open the call to your questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Peter Lawson with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Lawson: Well, just wondering if you could talk through pharma, what it was likely for you for the quarter?
Robert F. Friel: Okay. This is Rob. So, I would say pharma was really almost a tale of two cities. I think on the reagent side, as we mentioned, we saw good growth. They seem to be continuing to invest in their experimentation and running screens. So, at least on the reagent side we saw strong growth. I think on the CapEx side, as I mentioned, it was negatively impacted by, I think, a slowdown in expenditures and deferral of, I would say, high-end instrumentation. Having said that, there was... I mentioned it's becoming a relatively small piece for us now and in fact in the first quarter it was less than 7% of our revenue.
Peter Lawson: And then
Robert F. Friel: On the instrument, it was less than 7%.
Peter Lawson: Okay. And then on the revenue growth, the organic growth of something like 10%. What level of that is sustainable, was there anything unusual in the quarter?
Jeffrey D. Capello: So, Peter, this is Jeff. So, typically I think we've given rough guidance from a medium-term perspective of 6% to 8% organic growth in the company. I think we... obviously we exceeded that in this quarter and if you look at kind of the areas where we kind of exceeded the ranges, the problem is on the Opto side, because we achieved almost 7% organic growth on the OES, which is kind of on the midpoint of that range. In the two years of Opto that performed kind of, let's say, better than the average range going forward is the medical imaging business, which had just phenomenal yields and so that's difficult to predict on an ongoing basis. So, those were a little higher than we anticipated. And then the mobile phone, which is in a start-up phase, and we shipped kind of a large order. So, both of those factors were kind of probably the primary drivers that drove the organic growth above kind of the 6% to 8% range.
Peter Lawson: And then in the oil and gas market, was there any slowdown towards the end do you think in the quarter or heading into Q2?
Robert F. Friel: If anything... I think we're seeing increased demand for analyzers in the oil and gas area, particularly because we find as the price of gas goes up, the recycling increases significantly. And where we sell into it is mostly the people that are doing the recycling of the oil. And so, we are actually seeing a benefit from the higher price of gas.
Jeffrey D. Capello: And I think the other benefit we see, Peter, is one of the growth initiatives within EcoAnalytix is in the whole biofuel or alternative fuel area and given the price of oil, there is a lot of development work being done there and we are putting more and more instruments into those facilities.
Peter Lawson: Okay. Congratulations on the quarter and thank you for taking my question.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Quintin Lai: Hi. Thank you. Good afternoon and congratulations on a nice quarter.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you.
Quintin Lai: With the current environment thats out there, excluding the pharmaceutical issues, I think that most people have talked about this earnings season, has there been any change in the visibility for your customer demand? And in particular on your medical imaging, it sounds like that you are still in a situation where you sell as much as you can make. What are you hearing from your customers with respect to their hospital customers?
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say in the medical imaging area, we still see strong bookings, strong demand. So, we have not seen any tail off in the demand for our panels in the first quarter at all.
Quintin Lai: And then
Robert F. Friel: And I think one of the reasons for that is because youve got this converging going on from digital to analog and I think it's still relatively early days. And so... so I think that's going to continue to drive the growth on the... for our panels.
Quintin Lai: Great. And then with respect to the environmental testing side, historically that hasn't been linked to kind of macroeconomic conditions, but more to the regulated market. Has that changed any in your opinion?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I think it is, because I think it's becoming less driven by regulation and more driven by really the consumer to a large extent. It's almost impossible to go through a couple of days without seeing something in the paper that is raising some concerns around contamination. So, whether it's counterfeit drugs or whether it's melamine or whether it's toys, it just continues to increase the awareness across the globe. And I think that, to a large extent, is whats fueling the demand.
Quintin Lai: And then last question, I will jump back into the queue. With the ViaCell acquisition, I know it's still early, but are you seeing any out-of-the-box synergies with branding, especially with the PerkinElmer now as the parent company? Any pick up in either OB/GYNs taking up the cards or... and passing them down.
Robert F. Friel: So, ViaCell had a good quarter. I would say it's probably a little early to tell whether the PerkinElmer synergy is having any impact on that. I would say we're... we're progressing well into the integration and I would expect probably the back half of '08 is before we would see any of the benefits from the integration with the NTD and the ViaCell sales force, which is really using the channel into the OB/GYN.
Quintin Lai: All right. Thank you. Congratulations again.
Robert F. Friel: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Cherney [ph] with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, good quarter, as I think Quintin said before.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: I just want to talk a little about the Optoelectronics business, obviously [inaudible] in the past, last few quarters have definitely shown nice rebound acceleration of growth. You talked about within different spaces where you guys think you are in the overall product cycles in that environment?
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say starting first with the mobile phone, Jeff talked about, I would say very early days. We shipped a fair amount in the first quarter, but we think the adoption of Xenon Flash will be continue to gain ground in mobile phone. So, I would say thats relatively early. I would say digital imaging, as I mentioned before, I think our estimation is probably 30% penetration into the analog conversions. So, I think you still have a lot of room to run there. And I think the one area that is being, obviously, slightly impacted by the economic environment is the sensors, but I think we've got some opportunities there to take some of our sensor technology into exciting applications. But I would say that's the one area where I think it is being impacted a little bit by the economic environment, but both lighting and digital imaging, I would say is, fairly early in the life cycle.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And then, Rob, you've been with the business obviously for a while, but as you kind of grow into the role of President and CEO and take a bigger look at the overall business, are there any holes or areas that you want to beef up on the acquisition or investment front, specifically within any of the... either life science or Opto side of the business?
Robert F. Friel: No, I think it's fairly consistent with what we have been doing in the past. I would like to do more in the Analytical Sciences area from an acquisition perspective and we have done a couple of things in genetic screening in the last sort of 18 months. We are fairly active in the BioDiscovery area. And I would say periodically, weve done some things in service, nothing big, but relatively small. I would say Analytical Science is an area and then also in Optoelectronics, I think were looking for some opportunity to fill some holes, as I mentioned particularly in the sensors area, it's something that we would like to do. But I don't... I wouldn't say anything different than what youve seen over the last couple of years and consistently sort of both-on acquisitions that add either product technologies or market reach.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And then just one more quick housekeeping question, I might have missed this, but what was your activity on the share buyback program during the quarter and what are your plans going forward?
Jeffrey D. Capello: This is Jeff, so we did not buy any shares back in the first quarter and we have 1.9 million shares remaining under the 10 million program we had approved by the Board. And I would expect that we would execute against that within the next couple of quarters.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks guys. Congratulations again.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Derik De Bruin with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guy. This is Dan in for Derik.
Robert F. Friel: How are you doing?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Hi, Dan.
Unidentified Analyst: Good. Just a question about the genetic screening opportunity, I know during the Analyst Day, one of more salient opportunities that you had talked about was the global opportunity. And I was just wondering whether there are any differences in the reimbursement or managed care landscape, looking at some of the global markets that perhaps were unaccounted for and maybe just surprise you guys as you try to move the tests at the international market?
Robert F. Friel: Is this in newborn area?
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah.
Robert F. Friel: Yes. So, we've been operating in the newborn area internationally for quite some time. So, we have a large presence there in Europe and I would say the only area that is relatively new probably in more some of the Pac Rim areas. And I would say at this point we're not seeing anything different from a reimbursement perspective, as weve seen in other areas. But keep in mind weve been global in the newborn screening for a long period of time. That business is based in Europe, as you probably know.
Unidentified Analyst: Right. Okay. And then, I have to ask [inaudible] my phone cut out. For full-year guidance on the organic revenues, you reiterated what you would have said in fourth quarter, is that correct?
Jeffrey D. Capello: We're going to be at the higher end of that range.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Robert F. Friel: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Groberg with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Groberg: Hi guys. Congratulations on a good quarter.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you.
Jonathan Groberg: Just a couple of quick questions. One, can you may be Rob, can you talk about the Rad [ph] business, I know that someone had left that business, Im just curious if you are actually seeing that stabilize as you maybe thought you would, is it clear?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I think it is stabilizing and I think because of the less competition were actually seeing a little bit growth there. And one of the other areas is we're looking to develop other opportunities in the broad reagent area. So, I think you will see for 2008 that will actually be a positive contributor to our organic growth.
Jonathan Groberg: So, it did grow in the first quarter organically?
Robert F. Friel: It did.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. And then back to the kind of just touching again on ViaCell, you said it's maybe too early to see if there are going to be any synergies. But just from a sales force standpoint, has there been any attrition there or have to pull a staid, has the thing that you bought, is it still there?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, it is. We've had very little attrition there and let me just sort of correct your comment, we will see synergies, I don't think, there's any question, I'm just saying it was too early to see anything in Q1.
Jonathan Groberg: Right.
Robert F. Friel: So, I think we are fairly confident, we're going to get some synergies in the back part of the year.
Jonathan Groberg: The major reason then you bought
Robert F. Friel: No, we've have been able to hold, I would say almost all of the employees there.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. I mean the major reason you bought it was the sales channel and the ability to sell [inaudible].
Robert F. Friel: Correct.
Jonathan Groberg: And they are still there and is there a level of excitement, they sort of look forward to having more tools in their tool bag there?
Robert F. Friel: Yes. I think they do. I think they are quite excited about the NTD products. And we're in the phase right now we're starting to train them on these products.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Jonathan, this is Jeff, I think another reason why we bought it because this is an 83% gross margin business, which we think we can grow 15% to 20%. So, that's a very important factor to remember.
Jonathan Groberg: Sure. And you said... I mean some people have questioned the... whether or not they would be economically sensitive, as well the people would see this as more discretionary spend, but that business grew in the first quarter as well from year-over-year?
Robert F. Friel: It is, yes. It showed good growth in the first quarter. So, at this point, we haven't seen any impact as a result of sort of, let's say, deteriorating economic conditions.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. Great. And then last kind of housekeeping question for you again Jeff on the full-year EPS and FAS 123 expense, I don't know if that, do you still kind of expense for us, expect I think it around $0.04 for the year or is that and other companies have kind have been changing that around a little?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. John, I think, it will be $0.05 for us for this year.
Jonathan Groberg: $0.05, okay. Thanks a lot.
Robert F. Friel: Thanks.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Ana James [ph] with Seligman. Please proceed with your question.
Vishal Saluja: Hi, this is Vishal Saluja. Thanks for taking my question. Good quarter. Jeff, just on the gross margin improvement going forward, obviously a good start there, actually good operating margin improvement. Are you counting on mix to improve margins further here or are there specific actions that you can point to that will make us feel comfortable that you would get there? And then I have a separate question.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. So, Vishal, I think it's going to be both. I'm certainly ViaCell is very helpful at 83% gross margin and the growth we are getting of that, that's a positive contributor to the gross margin. Each of our businesses have specific initiatives, they kind of improve their gross margins whether they would be improving the mix in terms of products we sell or driving down the cost of the goods or for pricing initiatives. So, I think its a combination of a number of things that were successful in the first quarter that I think it will be equally, if not more successful to work away through the year.
Vishal Saluja: So, the way we should think about operating margins really is stepping up from 40% to maybe... sorry 40 basis points to maybe a percent by year-end?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, I think weve said 50% to 75% for the first half because of the ViaCell impact and then getting up to kind of 75% to 100% by the back half.
Vishal Saluja: Okay. That's great. And then just on a mobile phone opportunity, are you currently shipping primarily to one customer or are these multiple customers that you now have orders from, just trying to understand the level of sustainability of that business? Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: So, in the flash too, that's going to multiple customers in the case of flash modules. Its at this point largely going to one customer, but I would say that that will change here relatively shortly.
Jeffrey D. Capello: And that's one customer and one phone model.
Vishal Saluja: Okay. How much visibility do you get into the order pipeline of your customers? Can you give a sense of how much lag there is between sort of when they give you the order to when you actually have to ship these things?
Robert F. Friel: Is it specific to mobile phone or across PerkinElmer?
Vishal Saluja: Mobile phones, the flash modules specifically.
Robert F. Friel: Well, I would say we probably have a couple of weeks visibility into those orders.
Vishal Saluja: Okay. And then just for Jeff, a last one on Easter falling in Q1, did you see any impact of that at all or was that not significant enough on the runway type of businesses to really call it out?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. We saw a bit of an impact, but not a measurable impact and I think the calendar was set well before the year started, so
Vishal Saluja: Okay great. Thanks, Great quarter.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to management.
Robert F. Friel: Okay, thank you. So, we are off to a great start here in 2008. I think we see good momentum across most of our businesses. And I look forward to continuing to share with you our progress against our priorities in the coming months ahead. Thank you for participation in today's call and interest in PerkinElmer. Operator, this call is now adjourned.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2007 PerkinElmer Earnings Conference Call. My name is Katie and Ill be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the speaker remarks, you will be invited to participate in a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to now turn the call over to your host for today is Mr. Mike Lawless, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Michael A. Lawless: Thank you, Katie. Good afternoon, and welcome to the PerkinElmer fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. If you've not received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at: www.perkinelmer.com or from our toll-free investor hotline at 1-877-PKI, NYSE. Please note that this call is being web cast live and will be archived on our website till February 24, 2007. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor Statements that we have outlined in our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon, and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change. So, you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to make directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent that we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to the GAAP to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I am now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Greg Summe.
Gregory L. Summe: Thank you, Mike. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us on todays call to discuss our fourth quarter 2007 results. Joining me on the call are Rob Friel, our President and CEO elect, and Jeff Capello, our Chief Financial Officer. I will begin by reviewing the major highlights of the quarter. Jeff will provide more detail on the financial results and Rob will comment on the outlook for 2008 and after that, the three of us will be available to answer questions and then we will conclude the call. The fourth quarter was excellent and finishes off a very successful 2007. Furthermore, we believe that we entered 2008 with very good momentum. In the fourth quarter, our revenue increased 20% with revenue growth of 19% in our Life and Analytical Sciences and 22% in Optoelectronics. Our revenue growth in the quarter was led by Medical Imaging, Genetic Screening, Specialty Lighting, Service and Analytical Sciences, all with double digit growth. At 10% this is the highest organic growth since fourth quarter of 2000. Our adjusted earnings per share were $0.45 which was above our previously forecasted range in consensus expectations. Cash flow from continuing operations was $97 million, up 15% from last year. And these strong results conclude an excellent year of double-digit growth for the company with 2007 revenue up 16% to nearly $1.8 billion, adjusted cash EPS of $1.30, an increase of 13%, even with including the dilution from ViaCell and free cash flow or cash flow from operations less capital expenditures for the year at approximately $160 million. Overall, we are very pleased with the growth momentum of our business and we look forward to a strong 2008. Let me just turn to a couple of the business highlights. First we completed our acquisition of ViaCell, a leader in the collection processing and preservation of stem cells from umbilical cord blood for future medical use. This acquisition provides us important new capabilities for our genetic screening business, as the therapeutic value of stem cells grows everyday. Additionally, it significantly expands our sales and marketing force OB-GYN professionals, and provides us a direct marketing channel to prospective parents. Integration is going well and we are pleased with our progress. In late December, we also announced an agreement to acquire the Neonatal Screening Laboratory of Pediatrix Medical. This transaction, which is pending will provide us complementary capabilities to better serve our neonatal customers, the state reference labs. Presently we supply instruments, reagents, software and protocols for neonatal screening. And with the acquisition of Pediatrix or from Pediatrix we would have laboratory capabilities, which we expect will provide additional benefits to our customers. Including our ability to introduce new screening tests more quickly, offer supplemental tests in addition to state mandated ones and provide back-up testing and supplemental support services. During the fourth quarter in response to the increased demand for measurement, and air and water quality, food and product safety, and bio-fuel development, our Analytical Sciences business launched the Eco-Analytics initiative. Weve had excellent market response and expect to build on this progress and continue to do new product introductions and expansion of more application-based solutions such as melamine, protection and food stock. Our Optoelectronics business had a very good quarter, good acceleration in revenue growth, operating profit and cash flow. In the fourth quarter our growth was led by a record number of shipments in flat-panel digital X-Ray detectors, demand from both diagnostics and therapeutic to customers remained strong, and with the expansion of the footprint of our 80,000 square foot panel fabrication facility now complete we are installing production tools which will serve to eventually double the production capacity in this facility. We expect that capacity to come online throughout 2008 and 2009. With this additional capacity, we will have the opportunity to better serve our existing customers as well as pursue new applications in veterinary and dental and non-destructive testing. Our Specialty Lighting business saw excellent revenue growth driven by continued adoption of xenon flash modules for mobile camera phones mobile phone cameras. All of the top five mobile camera manufacturers are now integrating our flash technology into the new generation camera phones, which we expect will translate into more growth in 2008. We believe we are in the early stages of adoption by the camera phone market xenon flash and that the opportunity for us in the marketplace will be significant. We also have generated good growth in the digital still camera market, where we have had several significant wins with major OEMs. Finally, as we announced yesterday, the Board of Directors has elected my long-time friend and colleague Rob Friel as President and Chief Executive Officer effective February 1st. Through the past decade, it has been a privilege to lead PerkinElmer and I am very proud of our track record over that time. In my continuing role as Executive Chairman, I look forward to working with the leadership team over the next year as the Company continues its progress. I have great confidence in Rob and the leadership team and Im certain that PerkinElmers best days remain ahead. I will now turn the call over to Jeff to provide more detail on the financial results.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Thank you, Greg, and good afternoon. This afternoon I will provide some details on our revenue, costs and cash flow for the fourth quarter 2007. Then I will provide guidance on 2008, including full year and Q1 08 guidance before passing over to Rob Friel for some comments on the health of our businesses. Before I get into the specifics, I want to clarify that whenever I talk about a particular measure being up or down, I am referring to an increase or decrease in that measure during the fourth quarter 2007 compared to the fourth quarter 2006. And to the extent that I use any non-GAAP measures, those have been reconciled to the comparable GAAP measure in the appendix to the press release on our website. Turning first to revenue, we finished the fourth quarter of 2007 with sales of $511 million, up 20% compared to $427 million in the fourth quarter of 2006. Foreign exchange and acquisitions each increased sales by approximately 500 basis points. By segment, revenue growth was 19% in LAS and 22% in Optoelectronics. LAS revenue growth increased by approximately 700 basis points from acquisitions, and approximately 500 basis points from foreign exchange. Foreign exchange increased Optoelectronics sales growth by 300 basis points. The remaining revenue comparisons are presented on a reported basis including the impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions. Geographically, revenue increased in a strong double digits across all regions with 41% of revenue being the Americas, 38% in Europe and the remaining 21% in Asia. Gross margins for the fourth quarter 2007 were 41.8%, roughly flat compared to fourth quarter of 2006. Adjusted for the impact is stock option amortization expenses and purchase account adjustments related to ViaCell gross margins were also roughly flat year-over-year. Favorable gross margins from ViaCell business, volume leverage for medical imaging business and productivity initiatives were offset by inflation and by growth in our service and lighting businesses, which have lower gross margins, but also lower SG&A expenses. R&D expenses increased 6% to $28.8 million in the fourth quarter 2007 from $27.1 million in the fourth quarter 2006. Adjusting for the impact to stock option expensing and amortization, R&D expenses as a percentage of sales decreased by 70 basis points due to favorable impact of sales growth and the high level of R&D investment, in the fourth quarter 2006, when we made a conscious decision to increase our R&D funding. Going forward, we expect to R&D spending roughly inline with our growth in sales. Selling, general and administrative expenses were 24.8% in the fourth quarter 2007, up 27% from the fourth quarter 2006. Adjusted for the impact of stock options, legal settlements and amortization expense, SG&A increased 90 basis points. The increase in SG&A was primarily driven by fixed cost leverage on higher sales and lower SG&A costs of service and lighting being more than offset by the impact of ViaCell acquisition, which carries a relatively high SG&A expense level. During the quarter, we reported $6.8 million restructuring charge, principally related to redirecting our R&D efforts towards higher growth opportunities and addressing capacity issues in certain product lines. GAAP operating income for the fourth quarter 2007 was $51.1 million compared to $52.2 million in the fourth quarter 2006. Excluding intangibles amortization, stock option expense, purchase accounting adjustments, legal settlements, and restructuring charges, adjusted operating income increased 18% to $75.5 million in Q4 07 from $64 million in Q4 06. Despite increase investments in ViaCell, other acquisitions, product line rationalizations, and growth initiatives, driven primarily by strong revenue growth. Given the strong revenue growth in revenues and investments made in growth platforms, including acquisitions in 2007, we are very well positioned to drive increased profitability in 2008. Looking at expenses below operating income, interest expense, net of interest income, Q4 07 was $4.1 million as compared to net interest expense of $700,000 in Q4 06 due to the increase in debt over the last 12 months to fund our acquisitions and share repurchase initiatives. We also had roughly $1.3 million of other expenses from the impact of foreign exchange in the quarter. In the fourth quarter 2007, we had tax income of $8.9 million, driven by the favorable settlement of a tax issue in Europe, which generated a benefit of $18.6 million. Without the variable tax settlement, the tax free for the quarter would have been approximately a 100 basis points below our Q4 06 forecast of 24.5% due to income being earned in lower tax jurisdictions. We expect our tax rate to be approximately 24.5% or lower during 2008. Depending on the distribution of actual income by tax jurisdiction to another items. Net income from continuing operations was $54.6 million in Q4 07, up from $41.1 million in Q4 06. Within the quarter we had a net loss of discontinued operations of $960,000 on the operation of a therapeutic program in the ViaCell business. We are in the process of running a process to divest these programs and expect to conclude this process in the next six months. In addition, we incurred a net loss of $1.1 million associated with a former divested business. GAAP EPS from continuing operations increased 39% to $0.46 in Q4 07 from $0.33 in Q4 06. Excluding intangible amortization, stock option expense, legal settlements, purchase accounting adjustments for structuring and a favorable tax audits settlement, adjusted EPS was $0.45 in Q4 07, an increase of 15% over $0.39 in Q4 06, exceeding both the FirstCall consensus estimate, adjusted stock options expense and our forecasted range of $0.42 to $0.44. Within average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 119 million shares reflecting the impact of our year-to-date repurchases, including 1 million shares that we purchased this quarter. We currently have approximately 1.9 million shares remaining under the 10 million share repurchase program, which we expect to begin to execute in 2008. Turning to our segment results. I will briefly describe our Q4 performance. And LAS revenue for the quarter was $382.1 million, up 19% over the fourth quarter of 2006. On a GAAP basis, LAS operating profits for fourth quarter of 2007 was $40 million compared to $40.9 million from fourth quarter of 2006. Excluding the amortization intangibles, stock option expense, purchase accounting adjustments related to ViaCell, legal settlements from constructing charges, LAS Q4 07 operating profits increased 17% to $59.9 million from $51.3 million, despite the impact of integrating ViaCell continued to reposition our product lines. Given the strong growth in revenues and investments made in growth platforms including our acquisitions in 2007, we are very well positioned to drive and increase profitability in this business in 2008. In Genetic screening, which was about 16% of LAS revenue in the quarter, revenue increased in the strong double digits. We continue to see excellent expansion in neonatal screening which grew strong double digits driven by further penetration of our instruments into Mexico and China as well as increasing new analyzed [ph] penetrations such as IRT in the United States. The ViaCell business grew in strong double digits, driven by increased adoptions for blood storage. Prenatal screening also grew double digit in the current quarter compared to Q4 06 driven by both strong double digit growth in NTD and increased adoption of second trimester risk assessment products in both China and across Europe. Service, which represented about a 23% of our LAS revenue in Q4 07 also grew in the strong double digits. We saw good growth in One Source business with our new business in both biopharma and consumer products segments. Within the quarter we also had a strong growth in our lab relocation, validating our service strategy of increasing offerings, value added services to make our customers more productive. In the analytical sciences product lines which represented about 37% of our LAS revenue in the quarter, revenue increased in the strong double digits driven by very strong performance in our ICP, GC and IR product lines. Strong demand in ICP is being driven by environmental applications for clean air, clean water, the development of new fuel sources and consumer product safety where ICP is the technology of choice and we have a clear leading technology position. Strength in GC is being driven by the expansion of our CLARUS product line which now includes multiple price and performance points and is being very well received in the marketplace. In addition, IR had a very strong quarter with growth in the QA/QC areas of both pharma, food industries, forensics and chemical areas. Drug discovery sales which represented 23% of LAS revenue in the quarter increased in the double digits compared to the same period 2006. Within drug discovery, certain number of our reagent businesses showed very strong improvements in the year-over-year revenue growth versus Q4 06 driven by new product introductions. We saw strong growth in our reagent product lines driven by strong acceptance of our new product introductions in the GPCR, Kinease and biomarker drug target classes with both biochemical and cellular based assays. In addition, we began to see some growth in our RAD reagent product lines from a recent agreement to assume supply of short life reagents to a competitors customers. Offsetting strong performance of reagents was some weakness in instrument volume driven principally by order lumpiness and the timing of new product introductions. In optoelectronics, revenues in the quarter was a $129.4 million, up 22% compared to the fourth quarter 2006 led by our imaging and lighting businesses which both grew in the strong double digits. Optoelectronics GAAP operating profits for the quarter of 2007 was $22.6 million compared to $19.8 million in fourth quarter of 06. Excluding intangibles amortization, stock option expense and restructuring charges, operating profit increased 28% to $26.2 million in Q4 07 from $20.4 million in Q4 07 driven by the combination of strong volume and productivity gains. Within optoelectronics, medical imaging revenue which represents 28% of optoelectronics revenue grew strong double digits during the quarter driven principally by strong demand and operational performance in our Amorphous Digital X-Ray panels. We had a very strong quarter operationally in which we shipped a record number of panels for the facility. In addition, we have now received a majority of the tools required for fab extension which will begin to add productive capacities throughout 2008 which will be very helpful in addressing current unmet customer needs. Interest revenue, which represents 31% of optoelectronics revenue increased in the low single digits in the quarter. Revenue growth in commercial sensors, photodiodes for screening, thermopiles for air-conditioning were partially offset by contraction in military centers as we continued to transition into new defense programs. Lighting, which represents 42% of optoelectronics revenue increased in the strong double digits compared to Q4 of last year driven primarily by shipments of our mobile phone class modules and further penetration into the digital camera market. We are continuing to see strong interest in both the camera and the mobile phone markets validating the strength of our leading xenon flash technology. Now turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, during the fourth quarter of 2007 we had GAAP operating flows from continuing operations of $97 million, which is an increase of 15% over the $84 million in Q4 06. Our focus on working capital continues to pay dividends as we achieved working capital turns of 5.8 times in the fourth quarter. In particular, we made strong progress in inventory where we reduced days of inventory by three days year-over-year. Our continued generation of strong cash flow coupled with a solid balance sheet allowed us to make further progress on multiple initiatives. As noted early in the quarter we closed on our acquisition of ViaCell for a net purchase price of approximately $264 million. We continued our investments in the business spending $9 million in capital expenditures and $28.8 million on R&D. We finished the quarter with total cash of $203 million and net debt which we define as short and long term debt and of cash of $313 million. We currently have a bridge financing facility which we intend to fund with a longer dated piece of capital. The combination of very strong cash flow generation and moderate leverage leaves us very well positioned for 2008 and beyond. Now turning to the next year, I will briefly discuss 2008 guidance. We expect to build off a strong momentum achieved throughout 2007 as we look forward to 2008. Revenue growth is expected to be in the low double digit to mid-teens driven by strength in our end markets, new product introductions and business development initiatives. We expect total cash EPS growth in the low double digits to mid-teens for the year. Free cash flow is expected to be equal to or greater than cash net income. For the first quarter of 2008, we expect similar operating results from a revenue and operating profit perspective which would translate into expected EPS, adjusted cash EPS of $0.26 to $0.27 or $0.18 to $0.20 on a GAAP basis. I would now like to turn the call over to Rob Friel for some comments on the health of our businesses, going forward.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you, Jeff. As we enter 2008, our businesses have good positive momentum and are well positioned to continue to deliver the strong growth on the top line and the bottom line, as Jeff just mentioned. The strength of our franchises and our participation in three key market trends, should continue to create opportunities for us to grow almost irrespective of the overall rate of global GDP growth. These trends are the rising cost of healthcare cost, requiring better predictive diagnostics and more effective therapeutics, the pressure for more testing of food, consumer products and our environment due to increasing health concern and finally, the rapid adoption of flash modules in the camera phones. The fourth quarter was another strong quarter for genetic screening, as we continue to experience very good market conditions, across virtually every segment of the business, including newborn screening, prenatal and maternal health, molecular diagnostics and now, cord blood. We enter 2008 as a leader in reproductive health with a significantly expanded market reach, scale and breath. This year we expect to continue to growing in the mid to high teens organically, by leveraging expanded channel into the OB-GYN professionals from ViaCell in the prenatal screening market. In the neonatal market, we are excited about the potential to combine the metabolic screening lab from Pediatrix Medical with their existing global capabilities. As well as our new direct marketing channel into expecting parents. In the maternal screening area, we are growing nicely outside the US and continue work on our PMA for the US market, while across all our products, the international markets still remain under penetrated and represent great opportunities for us. Our other diagnostic business is medical imaging, which should also grow in the mid to high teens this year. As the end market continues to experience strong growth, due to the conversion of film to digital images. In drug discovery, we believe the market will continue to be challenging this year with large pharma again being under more cost pressures in the biotech firms or the academic lab. However despite this, there will be several areas of growth for us due to investments we have made previously in new products and acquisitions. These should allow the businesses to grow mid-single digits this year. These areas include cell-based assays, particularly our assay reagents focused on kinase and GPCR screening, our assay development service, custom synthesis of radio labeled compounds for use in Admitux [ph] and our cellular imaging for high content screening. Turning to Analytical Sciences, business growth should continued to be fueled by both increased customer requirements and new regulations in consumer product and food safety testing, environmental monitoring and alternative energy needs. 70% of our revenue in this business is derived from end markets that are impacted by this requirement to increase monitoring. In addition, we continue to strengthen the portfolio with new product introductions and this business benefits from the continued industrialization of the developing world as one-third of the revenue comes from outside the US and Europe. Our laboratory service business should benefit from an environment where customers facing increasing cost pressures and need to increase scientific output with less staff. As a consolidated service provider, we help our customers which include biopharma, increasing food and consumer product companies to better manage their maintenance costs and improve asset utilization and up time, an offering increasingly more valuable in tough economic conditions. As Greg mentioned, our photonics business is experiencing excellent demand for its flash modules. Our belief is at the trend towards use of flash in camera phones and the overall demand for these products will not be significantly impacted, if we see a slowing global economic growth. Consequently, we are quite bullish on this business for the foreseeable future. In summary, we have a lot of positive things going on at PerkinElmer and believe we are positioned well to deliver strong financial results this year. Our strategy this year will be to leverage our strong market positions and capabilities on these favorable end market trends, while continuing to evolve the portfolio to the most attractive market segments through both internal growth and business development activities. We will continue to migrate our offerings from standardized products and services to much more customized applications and solutions which better address the needs of our customers. In the past few quarters, we have made great strides to accelerate our top line growth. And I am confident these trends are sustainable. I am extremely pleased to have the opportunity to lead PerkinElmer in its next phase of growth. It has been both a great experience and pleasure working with Greg for the past nine years to transform PerkinElmer into what it is today. We are in the best competitive shape that we have been in a long time. We have a great team in place, and I believe the future is very bright. Now I would like to open the call to your questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And you're first question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Ross Muken: Hi guys.
Robert F. Friel: Hey, Ross.
Ross Muken: Congratulations. Great quarter and congratulations Rob.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you.
Ross Muken: Could you give a little more color specifically on the health sciences businesses on more of the biopharma assets and in some of the or life science assets, sort of what you saw on a global basis, in terms of demand by geography and just a little more detail sort of, of what you're seeing in each of the customers segments, key customer segments in those geographies?
Robert F. Friel: Okay. Let me start off with that. So, I would say from a product perspective we're clearly seeing more growth on the reagent side than the instrument side and I think this is a function of what you're seeing in the press, with regard to pressure on budget and I think its heading particularly to the capital expenditure side of things. I would say its clearly more that problem is clearly more acute on the Pharmaceuticals side than it is on the Biotech or the academic side. So, our approach is to continue to drive new products particularly into the reagent area and I mentioned a couple of those areas particularly our cell-based assays and GPR screening. And we're also seeing a fair amount of interest in this recently introduced product around assay development services as a number of the large pharmas are talking about outsourcing, some aspect of that. I would say geographically we saw much stronger growth in Europe than in America and Asia, which isnt a significant piece of the business for us, it was also up but not, again its not a big portion of the business for us.
Ross Muken: But in terms of the key customer segments, I mean what was driving the European out performance. Was it biopharma related push there or was it environmental?
Robert F. Friel: Well, so, I was just talking about the drug discovery piece.
Ross Muken: Okay.
Robert F. Friel: So it was so I would say it was driven largely by biopharma, but again I think its increasingly harder to sort, of characterize biopharma because its almost customer by customer. So, well see certain customers increasing their spending expenditures quite significantly, where other individual pharmaceutical companies would be cutting back fairly severely
Jeffrey D. Capello: But it just so worked out for our mix in the first quarter, Europe was much stronger the U.S.
Ross Muken: And in terms of the emerging markets?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Im sorry.
Ross Muken: Emerging markets? As a China, India, et cetera?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. I think those continue to grow, in sort of 20% plus area.
Robert F. Friel: But again for us its a relatively low base in drug discovery. Now if we move over to the analytical sciences area. I think you're point before was valid and thats been driven a lot by the environmental, the food and the consumer products monitor, additional monitoring thats being, seems to be required. And I would say in those businesses we actually saw higher growth in Americas than we did in Europe and we also saw strong growth in Pac Rim.
Ross Muken: Okay. And then, you guys have done a real nice job of accelerating revenue growth via a lot of smaller tuck-in acquisitions. As we turn to 2008 what should we expect from sort of a capital deployment perspective. More small yield any sort of preference to sort of doing possibly a larger deal and how do you think about where you are from a leverage perspective.
Robert F. Friel: So, I would say, as you mentioned, I think we've been pretty happy with the progress we've made on these sort of tuck-insurance, which as you know is adding products, services and technology. So, I would expect us to be continue to be and use that model, are less inclined to do larger deals. I think from a leverage perspective, as Jeff mentioned we're probably around one times EBITDA now. I think we would probably be comfortable up to probably a little under two times. But I dont know that we would go significantly beyond that.
Ross Muken: Okay.
Robert F. Friel: And the only thing that I might add to that Ross, would be as I mentioned earlier, we have about a 1.9 million shares left in our
Ross Muken: Right.
Robert F. Friel: Previously approved program. I would to look to kind of get that done in 08 and probably at a minimum to keep the share account flat. So, buying any dilution from the impact of employee stock options and employee stock purchase plans, which traditionally is in the 2 million to 2.5 million shares per year. So, at the minimum well do that and well look opportunistically at other share repurchase programs.
Ross Muken: And Jeff, just quickly. There was a little bit disruption on the call from a house keeping perspective. Could you just go through the tax rate again for the quarter?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Sure. So, we forecasted overall a 24.5% rate for the year, we came in at about 100 basis points below that.
Ross Muken: Right. But specifically for the quarter was there any comment on the tax for the quarter?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. And for the so, Im sorry. For the quarter we also kind of foreshadowed 24.5%and we came in 100 basis points below that.
Ross Muken: Okay. And that was on the one timers?
Jeffrey D. Capello: No. its just on the distribution of income.
Ross Muken: Okay.
Jeffrey D. Capello: We tend to earn more income in certain places where we have favorable tax situations we end up with a better rate for the quarter.
Ross Muken: Okay. Perfect. Thanks guys. Congratulations again.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quintin Lai from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Quintin Lai: Good afternoon. Congratulations, on a nice quarter and year-end.
Robert F. Friel: Thanks Quin.
Quintin Lai: As you look at the rest of your industrial pieces not exposed, not part of the regulation or regulatory environment. How cyclical do you see that part of the business and how much visibility do you have right now as you look out into 08 for those lines?
Robert F. Friel: So, I guess, as we talk really when you say the non-regulatory, you are talking the sort of non-diagnostic based?
Quintin Lai: Well, so when you say that 70% of analytical services--?
Robert F. Friel: Okay.
Quintin Lai: Is due to some type of regulation and monitoring, I assume that the 30% might be tied to maybe some commodity--?
Robert F. Friel: Okay. I understand the question now. So, I would say our insight into that is probably about one quarter out. And while I would say it will be impacted by an economic slowdown, its fairly diverse from sort of industry-to-industry. So, we are not really tied to any one specific industry, but I think there could be some variability in that and it will be impacted. But we are generally our booking are probably in the next quarter.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Hey, Quin, I would say that is also reasonably diversified across geography. So, in that business, we are about a third-to-third U.S., Europe, rest of the world. So, it will depends where the economic effect is.
Quintin Lai: All right. So, then what you are saying is that and then the vast majority of, I guess, of the services the Analytical Sciences side then isnt really fond to that cyclicalitywell, potential cyclicality.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Right, thats because of the 70% of the side to the other areas.
Quintin Lai: Excellent. And then with respect to your Photonics business, especially your lighting, all of these the cell phones start to adopt xenon modules. Could you talk a little bit about your capacity and your potential to grow that business line?
Gregory L. Summe: Yes, Quin, its Greg. So, capacity is relatively easy for us to ramp up. Just to give you some sense, we have then in the flash lighting business for decades. And if you go back five years ago, just as short as five years ago, there was a very high volume that was placed to film based single use cameras. And so, what happened with this shift from film to digital, of course, we had a number of years that are very tough sort of comps as we went through that cycle, with the film dropping down. But we have a fair amount of capacity on the lamp side, as when you go from lamps to modules is really you think about that as leveraging into EMS industry. So, the big contract assemblers are the ones that sort of help put it into the module format. So, I think capacity flexes pretty well.
Quintin Lai: And then my last question, I will jump back in the queue. As you look at your diagnostics franchise, again, its just going so well. You are doing well in the neonatal and the prenatal, do you see direct-to-consumer is your next big frontier and along that lines how is the ViaCell integration going?
Robert F. Friel: Of course, I would say the direct-to-consumer is an opportunity for us. I think there is a number of opportunities across the genetic screening business. I think thats just one of them. I think the combination of that channel we picked up from ViaCell with, hopefully, the closure of the pediatric medical acquisition I think allows us to do some confirmatory testing, some secondary testing. And so, I think that is an opportunity for us, but as I mentioned there is a number of other things that we are looking at. And I would say the ViaCell acquisition seems to be going pretty well. They did have some very good growth during the 245 days we own them in 2007 and they continue to started 2008 in good shape. So, I think we feel pretty good about that.
Quintin Lai: All right. Thanks. And we would like to both also offer our congratulations and best wishes to both Greg and you as you move on to new roles.
Robert F. Friel: Thanks, Quin.
Gregory L. Summe: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Peter Lawson from Thomas Weisel Partners. Please proceed.
Peter Lawson: Hi. Whats been driving the Optoelectronic business in the Opto margin, is it just volume and is it sustainable?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. So, Peter, this is Jeff. So, in a lot of whats driving that is just pure volume, the mobile phone revenue comes in at operating margin that is favorable to Opto and favorable to all of PerkinElmer, so we get good lift out of that. In addition, the fixed cost nature of the facility, the fab for the amorphous business, medical imaging business is such that when we add all this capacity, the cost is spread over 20 year period, because these are assets that last quite a while and the volumes is ramping up pretty quickly. So, the incremental profitability is quite high, which is going to allow us continue to kind of pushup the profitability Opto as we move forward.
Peter Lawson: And then on the ViaCell business, when do you start to see cross-selling benefits and are there any other products that you are thinking of driving through OB-GYN channel?
Robert F. Friel: Hey, this is Rob. I would say probably middle to the back half of 08 as we would expect to see some benefit from the cross-selling, there is some training thats involved. And so, I would say its probably not going to be in until sort of mid later08. And I think we do look at other opportunities across the market to advantage of this very significant channel we have into the OB-GYN professionals. So, I think we will continue to look for additional products in the technology and services we can put through that channel.
Gregory L. Summe: And I think that will be an area of focus from a business development perspective is defined smaller companies that would kind of be nice technology tuck-ins that they dont have the financial bandwidth to king of forward our sales force that tend to be OB-GYN networks. So, quite intently focused on that.
Peter Lawson: Okay. And finally, we have heard a lot about weakness in the Japanese market. Whats been happening there for you? Could you talk through the trends?
Gregory L. Summe: So, I would say our Japanese business has been soft for quite a number of quarters now, so we havent seen a significant change, I would say, more recently because we have been experienced weakness, probably through most of 07.
Peter Lawson: And is there any chance of pick up. Is there any structural changes that have to be placed?
Gregory L. Summe: Well, I think it is a combination of maybe some softness in the economy as well as some operational improvements that we would need to do in some of our operations in Japan. So, I would say it is a combination of both. Its hard for me to comment on the economic turnaround but I think we are making some good progress in improving our operations in Japan.
Peter Lawson: Okay. Greg and Rob, congratulations on the real transitions.
Gregory L. Summe: Great. Nice Peter.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with UBS. Please proceed.
Derik De Bruin: Hi.
Gregory L. Summe: Hi, Derik.
Operator: Derik. Are you there? One moment. Im not sure what happened. I am sorry, Derik, if you are on the line I do apologize. Im not sure what happened. [Operator Instructions]. Okay, sir. You may proceed.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. Looks like I got lost and stayed there for a minute.
Gregory L. Summe: Yes. Sorry about that.
Derik De Bruin: Pretty much describes my week. So, whats your stock options since guidance for the year, 2008?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Excuse me.
Derik De Bruin: For 2008.
Jeffrey D. Capello: It will be similar to what it was for this year above $0.05 for full year.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. And it looks like the corporate costs were a little bit higher than we were expecting. Is there a building for that to start coming down?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. I think what your point is that category can kind of it can move from quarter-to-quarter. We did have kind of some expenses go through there, so should we kind of stepping up our acquisitions program and incretion activity and just timing of kind of benefits. So, I think it was a little higher this quarter, a little lower last quarter but overall should move at a rate slightly lower than the growth of sales.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. Great. You finished 2007 with basically a flat operating margin, at around 12.7%. You talked about 50 to 75 dips of expansion on an annual basis. What are you targeting 2008? Did we see that coming through this year?
Jeffrey D. Capello: No, Derik, this is Jeff. So, I think we do see it come through. I think we found in the fourth quarter that activity in and around ViaCell and some investments that we have made in the fourth quarter that activity in and around ViaCell and some investments that we have made including some product transitions, we would look more heavily on the operating margins. But given the investments we made in the back half of 06 and 07, we look we are pretty well positioned. I would suspect we are looking from 50 to 100 for the full year, probably starting a little bit more slowly, probably 50 to 75 for the earlier part, first quarter and maybe into the part of the second quarter. Just because it is going to take us a little while to get to ViaCell cost structure, right size and for the revenue continuing to grow in that business, so it is probably 50 to 75 for the first half and after kind of 50 to 100 range for the back half.
Derik De Bruin: Great. Thats extremely helpful. I know you moved some of the ViaCell computer programs into operations. Can you talk about your plans on monetization of assets?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Sure. We have been actively involved. We have engaged a third party to help us market those assets, both the Via sites that womens credit preservation fertility product and the USFC research program. Thats in the middle of a divestiture process. We are going to run an auction of assets and it is kind of proceeding according to plan.
Gregory L. Summe: I expect we have a view, an informative view at the end of the first quarter. Its certainly not at the end of the second quarter, it is kind of outcome of that process.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And just a couple of final questions. The organic growth rate in Life and Analytical science?
Gregory L. Summe: Organically, we are 7% for the fourth quarter.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. And the other bit of vision, OE?
Gregory L. Summe: It was 19%.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And finally the you have noticed you had some pick ups recent in reagents, kind of kinase assays. I guess, how is this overall market doing in terms of the competitive landscape with the reagents? I am curious about how customers do business here. Is there a lot of share shift going back and forth? What drives new uptake of assays. I am just trying to get a little bit of feel for the dynamics here.
Gregory L. Summe: I think what drives it is, I think what you are seeing in the marketplace is you are moving from what I would say, general re-purpose reagents to much more specific purpose reagents. And so I think we dropped market share is if you have got the right reagent for the particular application, that is been run in the customer. Thats how you win the business and I think what we have been trying to do over the last year is to focus more of our R&D in those reagents and they can very specific coupled with the acquisition we made of Euroscreen and the collaboration with Axim on flotina [ph] and so we have been trying to build these types of reagents around what we think are the higher growth prospects and so thats whats been driving, I believe are our growth and I think we are taking some share in the reagent market as a result of that.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. Thats from Gilanixis [ph]. Is this the market, I mean considering what the pressures have been from pharma and from discovery, is this market a rapidly growing market. Is it stagnant or share loss going back and forth. I just how much is pharma biotech spending on I guess new investments and great discoveries particular for the assays business?
Robert F. Friel: I think you have got to separate it from assays and reagents and from instruments. I am of the view that there is still not a lot of increased investment, but only on the instruments side it is more of a replacement and now there are some techniques that they are investing in. So, I think the cellular emitting area is a place where there have been some incremental increased investment but overall I think that is flat, although on the reagent side, just continuing to be screened and done, and I would guess at that sort of a mid single digit growth rate.
Derik De Bruin: Great. Thanks a lot and best wishes, Greg.
Gregory L. Summe: Thanks Derik.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg from Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Jonathan Groberg: Good evening. Thanks for taking the call and get the obligatory congratulations out of the way to both the Greg and Rob.
Gregory L. Summe: Thanks Jon.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you, Jon.
Jonathan Groberg: I just want to make sure since you said something there, so make sure I heard right, Jeff and I was you expect 50 basis points to 100 basis points of operating margin expansion for the year, for 2008?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. And I think what I said is more on the line of 50 basis points to 75 basis points in the first half.
Jonathan Groberg: Right.
Jeffrey D. Capello: And probably a little more between the back half just by virtue of the fact that we are getting the ViaCell business integrated and working through the cost structure there.
Jonathan Groberg: Right. Just applying the revenue growth rates and that type of operating margin expansion assuming no other acquisitions and as you said keeping short counts hopefully flat you would be I would have you at a much higher earnings per share level than maybe what you are communicating previously in terms of how dilutive ViaCell would be. Have you got more optimistic in terms of what you are able to do with ViaCell in 08?
Gregory L. Summe: I think it is still early, in the honeymoon period here with the ViaCell business so, I think we finished 2007 very strong, from the revenue perspective and carry that momentum in 2008, so I would say its more come at the back of the existing business. But if you look at the kind of the range of our guidance and what I just communicated I think you will find what we said from the medium term perspective is probably not far off that.
Jonathan Groberg: And then you mentioned just in some of your comments, but no ones asked about this Lab Services business which I keep finding intriguing given the One Source and the growth that you are having, and no one else really seems to be copying that model too much. And could you just make some comments about that business itself and how thats developing specifically One Source, I guess?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, this is Rob. So we continue to see a good growth in that business and demand. And I think probably the more exciting aspect is were seeing demand outside the biopharma area. Though, in the fourth quarter we actually were able to sign some contracts in the consumer products and food area.  So I think it continues to do well for us and we got significant expectations for it in 08 as well.
Jonathan Groberg: From a margin standpoint, have there been any kind of surprises or shocks as youve gone again on that One Source business or --?
Robert F. Friel: No I dont think so. If you recall, in the second quarter of 07 we talked about some investments that we are making because of some big contracts that we had won.  So the only issue from a margin perspective is sometimes when you win some of these large contracts there is investments required upfront. But our service business operating margins are above the Company average.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. And could you just remind me, I dont know if you said this on the call, it was garbled or if maybe you put out a press release I missed, Im forgetting, but wasnt there a discontinued operation that you guys have in there?
Jeffrey D. Capello: So there is two lines on the P&L, John. One is actually operating the two therapeutic programs of ViaCell. So, the results of that are on the loss from the discontinuing operations line, the first line. And the second line is actually loss and gain its a loss on the disposition of discontinued operations and that is kind of the remnants of a settlement from a previous discontinued operations that happened a little while ago, kind of a one-off event, if you will.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. And then on the genetic screening in the maternal health, you mentioned youre still waiting for the PMA on the maternal health side. Any update at all as to when that may come through?
Robert F. Friel: No, I think it still goes through our original schedule, which I think we communicated sort of late 08, probably in the market, early 09.
Jonathan Groberg: And just overall, there have been some announcements from some other companies on new types of tests that are being developed and how do you see your competitive position, how do you see new competitors potentially entering and what, what are kind some of the new tests either on the maternal or neonatal side that you guys are working on trying to introduce?
Robert F. Friel: Well, I think we still feel very good about our competitive position, I would say. On the maternal side, our PMA is going to be focused around areas of pre-eclampsia, pre-time birth and intrauterine growth retardation. And a number of other tests, but those are probably the three key ones.
Gregory L. Summe: John, its Greg. Some of the other tests that you read about particularly sort of fetal maternal DNA and so forth, I mean some of those are fairly expensive kind of diagnostic tests. And most of what we do is screening and so we have the ability to process samples, a lot of samples in a very cost effective way, it reaches out as opposed to, Ill call it, more confirmatory type diagnostic test which we do some of, in the spectrogenomics business, CGH rays on chromosomal defects. So I think as we look out and we look out towards the power of having positive indications, basically for protein levels, its an existing issue. And the ability to process these very quickly and the fact that this is very accepted over a long period of time in the clinical environment and the fact that the labs are set up to operate this way that there is a sort of, I call it tremendous sort of capability to that system as it is today, is very cost effective. So we dont see a huge amount of threat. Having said that, we do have technology programs in most of these areas running and looking at these types of approaches which at some point down the road may be viable. And so we are investing in a number of these areas as well. But we see those as kind of longer term practical opportunities.
Jonathan Groberg: So, is it fair to say that on that piece of business your view of the world is that there will continue to be kind of the low cost screening of large numbers of patients and then more of the confirmatory types of tests, but those will be kind of few and far between potentially as opposed to a mass migration unless the costs get down to equal level perhaps but
Gregory L. Summe: Yes, I mean it has to be a very simple procedure, but I would say, a slight variation on that, John, which is I think the low cost screening is going to continue to expand rapidly. Because, from a public heath standpoint, the cost benefit is very high. And so really, when you look at the penetration around the world, it is very low. As we talked about it on the neonatal side its only 25% of the world infants. And out of that 25%, most of them receive only one or possibly two tests, typically TKU. So we think there is tremendous growth within there because it is so cost effective even in developing countries and then you have got the rest of the population to be able to screen. So screening is kind of an early, it is just still an early developing market. And so first you screen and then screen screening really becomes the indicator for them following up with the diagnostic tests. And I think thats the only way the economics will work because you cant really try to run diagnostics tests, it wouldnt make any sense to run diagnostic tests on a large population sets.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. And then last, just a very mundane question, Jeff, can you just tell us what your basic shares were, outstanding?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Basic at the end of the quarter we are about a 117 million shares.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. Thanks. Congratulations.
Gregory L. Summe: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Sullivan from Leerink Swann. Please proceed.
John Sullivan: Hey, guys, good evening.
Gregory L. Summe: Hi John.
John Sullivan: Just to follow up on the genetic screen, on the neonatal genetics screening area, at one point I think there was talk about adding a second technology for neonatal screening with a concerned being that maybe some of the emerging parts of the world would be, might not have the expertise ready to operate the mass spectrometry based screening. And you thought that maybe that was an impediment to adoption. Do you still feel that way, is there a second platform being contemplated or how do you intend to approach this issue?
Gregory L. Summe: Well, you know, John, we do it both ways. We do sort of a basic fluorescent immunoassays and then we do multiplexing through tandem mass spec. Maybe what you are referring to is a vision that says, down the road, you may be able to put a much simpler kind of mass spec instrument out there, because a lot of mass specs are really driven by the research marketplace, where there have a lot of different capabilities and in the diagnostics marketplace, its just the same measurement over and over. So its a much simpler kind of more value based product. So I think there is potential on that front. The technologies really arent that expensive, I think, at the end of the day, with the potential that would sort of take the instrumentation cross down.
John Sullivan: Okay. So, investors should view the current technology as able to facilitate the growth that you are looking for in some of these emerging markets in neonatal screening.
Gregory L. Summe: Yes.
John Sullivan: Okay. Fair enough. And then shifting gears for a second, regarding digital flat channels for X-Ray market, can you just talk for a second about how, how far into that opportunity you feel like we are how much of that market is turned over from film methods to digital and just kind of give us some sense of, at what point in that opportunity, you feel like you are.
Gregory L. Summe: So I think overall, we are in the early stages of it because, if you think about it today the digital flat panel, digital X-Ray detections are still pretty expensive items. And so really its just hitting the high value applications. Over time, as volume grows, kind of back to Jeffs earlier point, as volume grows, then the cost per unit goes down. So its not dissimilar as you think about microprocessor world, depending on, where if the cost went down, they became much more ubiquitous. And so we see that happening. So really it started with sort of high valued medical diagnostics, and then it went sort of opened up in the therapeutics side and then increasingly you find another associated medical, what is veterinarian and dental and then you have the whole non-destructive marketplace, whole non-destructive testing marketplace which I think at the end of the day will be the largest market. Larger than the medical marketplace in that really hasnt even been touched. So, one I think there is a lot of room to go in medical and you will see more in kind of more value based instrumentation, portable instrumentation, a lot of market able to go out there and then you will see this whole unlocking of the non-destructive so, as far as we are in Life and its on a lifecycle we think it is very early days.
John Sullivan: Is there a competing technology in the non-destructive market that you look at as kind of the current holder of major share and where did your Alactryx have to come down to in terms of price in order to compete well?
Gregory L. Summe: So there are a number of different imaging technologies used today, everything from film, the CCDs to charge couple of devices to number of other capabilities that are out there, so there isnt one particular magic number. I think what happens is as it continues to come down, we will see it for example in security applications. We dont see much of it today, right and then you will get into sort of online inspection and part of this is not only sort of the cost per unit but part of it is actually the technical capability. So, non-destructive testing has some of the most challenging requirements because people want to do an online inspection. For example, aircraft parts or engine blocks or something that as they come down the line they want to scan every one of them and you are basically set up a certificate of origin and inspection for that part as it comes through, so I think you will see kind of a higher value product. In the component level we catch it first and then continue to move out through there so you might think you might see an aerospace easy, you might see a security easy and a number of those more quickly in a number of those applications.
John Sullivan: Very helpful. Thank you.
Gregory L. Summe: Yes. You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Qana from Civic Global Healthcare. Please proceed.
Vivek Qana: Hi, good evening. I just had a question on the margin. How much did ViaCell affect the operating margin on a percentage basis?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Somewhere around 50 basis points.
Vivek Qana: Okay. Thanks.
Jeffrey D. Capello: You are welcome.
Operator: You have a follow up question from the line of Derik De Bruin from UBS. Please proceed.
Derik De Bruin: Yes. Hi. Whats the when you look at the net interest expense for 2008, what are you targeting?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Well, I think we are in the middle of that right now Derik, in terms of looking at the credit markets, the game plan we currently have a bridge facility in place that will expire in March that we are kind of looking at taking that bridge facility here with some permanent capital. So, Ill just give you an idea here and that number probably goes up to somewhere around, somewhere between $25 million and $30 million.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. That Okay. Good talk. That kind of I was looking at that and you've got that other, that other income expense line that kind of fluctuates because of the FX impact and it is, 1315 a general good run rate for that
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. Its somewhere in some quarters we do better and in some quarters we do a little worse depending on kind of what the currency markets do. but, between 1 and 1.5  the quarters probably not bad.
Derik De Bruin: All right. Thanks.
Gregory L. Summe: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Leighton from Lord Abbett, please proceed.
Craig Leighton: Hi, I know its getting late so Ill just two real quick ones.
Gregory L. Summe: No problem.
Craig Leighton: Does the guidance include the pediatrics laboratory acquisition?
Gregory L. Summe: No. It doesnt at this point, but we expect that to be more or less neutral or near one.
Craig Leighton: Okay. And to close in the first quarter at some point?
Gregory L. Summe: Depends on regulatory approval. But we would hope it would.
Craig Leighton: Okay. Terrific and then, are you still expecting ViaCell to be dilutive by $0.03 to $0.05 next year?
Gregory L. Summe: Yes.
Craig Leighton: Okay. Terrific. Thats all I have. Thanks.
Gregory L. Summe: Okay.
Operator: At this time, we're showing you have no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Michael A. Lawless: Great. Okay. Thanks everyone for your participation and interest in PerkinElmer, we appreciate it. We had an excellent fourth quarter and are well positioned to sustain the growth of our business in 2008. This call is adjourned. Have a great evening. Thank you again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the 2007 third quarter PerkinElmer earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of todays presentation. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference Mr. Mike Lawless, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed sir.
Michael A. Lawless: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to the PerkinElmer Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. If you have not already received a copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the investors section of our website at www.perkinelmer.com or from our toll-free investor hotline at 1877 PKI NYSE. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our web site until November 25, 2007. Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the Safe Harbor statements that we've outlined in our earnings press release, issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements in the future even if our estimates change. So, you should not rely on any of today's forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date after today. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures, we plan to use on this call to make directly comparable GAAP measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to the GAAP in this attachment, we will provide reconciliations promptly. I am now pleased to introduce the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Greg Summe.
Gregory L. Summe: Thank you Mike. Good afternoon everyone. I appreciate you joining us to discuss our third quarter 2007 results. Joining me on the call are Rob Friel, our Present and Chief Operating Officer and Jeff Capello our Chief Financial Officer. I will begin by reviewing the highlights of the quarter in our Optoelectronics business. Rob will follow with more perspective on Life and Analytical Sciences business and Jeff will provide more detail on the financial results. After that the three of us will be available for questions and then we'll close the call. Overall, we're very pleased with our results in the third quarter. We had another strong quarter of double-digit revenue growth, 13%, which is both at Life and Analytical Sciences and Optoelectronics. We achieved good operating margin expansion of 70 basis points. We continue to increase our investment in global marketing and also in R&D, which is up 14% year-to-date over the last year. We announced our plans to acquire ViaCell, a leader in stem cell processing and preservation. We expect to see this growth and profit momentum continue through the remainder of 2007 and beyond. Our growth in the quarter was led by medical imaging, genetic screening, specialty lightning and laboratory service, all with strong double-digit growth. With our continued strong cash flow generation, we continue to retain excellent flexibility both the fund growth and returned capital to shareholders. During the third quarter, we bought back about 1.1 million shares of our stock and increased our capital expenditures, which are up about 23% year-to-date over the last year, primarily as a result of the expansion of our Santa Clara medical imaging facility, which I'll speak to a little bit later on. We are also using some of our investment capability to acquire ViaCell, who is a leader in the processing and preservation of stem cells from umbilical cord blood for future medical use. The addition of ViaCell will continue the expansion of our neonatal health capabilities and strengthen both our distribution capabilities to obstetric professionals as well as providing us a powerful direct marketing channel to prospective parents. The combination will help extend our leadership in serving the health of a mother and her baby. We anticipate completing a Tender Offer process in the fourth quarter. Our other recent acquisitions continue to perform well. For example, NTD Labs had another excellent quarter, as demand continues to grow for first trimester screening driven by the increased adoption of free Beta hCG. We own the intellectual rights to the use of free Beta hCG and it is increasingly recognized as the gold standard in prenatal screening. Spectral Genomics also reported strong revenue growth in the quarter, as we see growing adoption of their Karyotyping solution for chromosomal disorders. Lastly, Euroscreen showed very strong growth in the quarter driven by improved sales for its innovative corn-based saver assay platform. Overall, we remain very pleased with the progress of our recent acquisitions, and our pipeline for bolt-on acquisitions is very active. We recently announced that our environmental business has launched an innovative initiative called Ecoanalytics. Through Ecoanalytics, we have developed comprehensive application-based solutions to address pressing global challenges in three critical market segments, food safety, water quality, and biofuel development. This is a system approach that combines our high performance analytical instruments with deep technical application and regulatory support. We believe Ecoanalytics will help our customers address environmental concerns with proven and easy to implement solutions. Turning to Optoelectronics. In the third quarter, our medical imaging business shipped a record number of flat panel digital x-ray detectors. Demand from both diagnostic and therapeutic customers remains very strong. The expansion of our 80,000 square foot panel fabrication facility is complete and the additional production capacity will start to come online during early 2008. We expect that this multiyear $50 million capital initiative should enable us to satisfy customer demand through 2012. Also in the quarter we began shipping our xenon based flash modules for advanced camera phones. Xenon has been increasingly recognized as the critical technology for high quality photography, which will drive further increases in sales growth in the fourth quarter. We have the world's leading capability in flash lighting and believe the opportunity for us in this marketplace is quite large. We expect strong adoption of new high-resolution camera phones led by the markets in Europe and Asia, where the market adoption rate is ahead of the US market. Finally, I wanted to remind you that PerkinElmer will be holding an Analyst Meeting in New York City on Friday, November 2. We look forward to that event to discuss our strategy and market opportunities in more depth. I invite the members of the financial community to participate at the event and the general public to tune into our live webcast. I'll now turn the call over to Rob to provide more insight into our Life and Analytical Sciences business.
Robert F. Friel: Thank you Greg. This afternoon I'll briefly describe the market conditions in LAS' three key end markets, clinical diagnostics, drug discovery, and environmental and touch on our key priorities in each. Then I'll turn the call over to Jeff, who'll then discuss our financial results for the quarter in detail and our forecast for the remainder of the year. Turning first to the diagnostic market, we continue to experience strong demand for both our prenatal and neonatal screening, as clinicians increasingly recognize the benefits of early risk assessment so that disorders can be predicted and treated as early as possible. We also saw nice growth in our CGH Array business for chromosomal analysis as we've now completed the move of the Spectral Genomics production to Turku where our other FDA cleared products are produced. Our priorities continue to be focused on increasing the value we provide per birth, while at the same time capturing more births. For example, we are developing assay kits for the ADAM12 biochemical marker, which has broad potential in maternal screening for fetal chromosomal abnormalities and PP-13, a potential biomarker for identifying patients at risk for preeclampsia. We also continue to invest in expanding our reach, which is why we are quite excited about the potential of adding ViaCell, as it expands our sales and marketing capability and adds another strong product offering, in addition to expanding our capabilities in stem cells, which is an exciting and growing market. In the drug discovery research area, we would characterize the overall market as stable and growing mid-single digits, but with any [ph] two companies representing wide deviations from the mean. Some of our customers are going through significant restructurings, including closing or consolidating screening centers, which negatively impacts us on the instrument side, but appears to be having favorable impact on our one-source service business. In addition, this focus on profitability is also increasing outsourcing activities, which is accelerating demand for our assay development service. Some of our customers are clearly expanding capacity in selective areas, particularly in cellular screening and imaging, which is helping the companies we recently acquired. This trend is also helping our reagent business, where our LANCE Ultra and SureFire technologies for biochemical and cell based Kinase assays are experiencing very good adoption. In the GPCR area, this focus on cells is driving growth in our photo protein reagents and we are also seeing good growth in our AlphaLISA technology, which is an alternative to ELISA assays for preclinical biomarker detection. Going forward, our priorities in drug discovery will be to focus on cellular screening and imaging, emphasizing our ability to offer both the detection and reagent solution and continue to expand our service offering, with the goal of providing as comprehensive a service as possible. In the environmental market, the overall conditions are very good, with particular pockets of strength in air and water monitoring, food safety and energy. Our priorities here will be to focus on application-based solutions around several key end markets. One example of this is the Ecoanalytics initiative that Greg mentioned. We introduced it last week in Beijing at the conference and exhibition of instrumental analysis. And as part of this initiative, we introduced a number of new products targeting the monitoring and detection of contaminants such as melamine, polyaromic hydrocarbons and trace metals like lead and mercury. We've also recently expanded our very successful line of gas chromatography with the Clarus 400, which complements the 500 and 600 and is targeted at emerging markets. Over the coming quarters, we will be introducing additional products to specifically address some of the critical environmental challenges we now face. So to summarize, we feel good about the trends across the markets we serve and more importantly we feel good about our own position within these markets, and believe we can continue to grow at least if not better than the underlying growth of the markets we serve. Now let me turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Thank you Rob and good afternoon. This afternoon I'll provide some details on our revenue, cost and cash flow for the third quarter of 2007. Then I'll briefly discuss guidance for Q4 and full year 2007 before opening up the call to your questions. Before I get into the specifics, I wanted to clarify that whenever I talk about a particular measure being up or down, I am referring to an increase or decrease in that measure during the third quarter of 2007 compared to the third quarter of 2006. And to the extent that I use any non-GAAP measures, those have been reconciled to the comparable GAAP measure in the appendix to the press release on our website. Turning first to revenue, we finished the third quarter of 2007 with sales on a reported basis of $436 million, up 13% compared to $387 million in the third quarter of 2006. Changes in foreign exchange rates and acquisitions contributed approximately 400 basis points and 300 basis points respectively to the overall third quarter 2007 revenue growth. By segment, revenue growth was 13% in both LAS and in Optoelectronics. Impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions each contributed 400 basis points to the growth of LAS, whereas the impact of foreign exchange contributed 300 basis points to Optoelectronics. The remaining revenue comparisons will be on a reported basis including the impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions. Geographically, revenue in the Americas, which represented approximately 44% of our revenue for the quarter, was up in the high single-digits. Revenue in Europe, which represented about 37% of our revenue for the quarter, was up strong double-digits, and Asian revenue representing about 19% of our revenue for the quarter increased in the strong double-digits. Gross margins for the third quarter of 2007 were 41.1%, an increase of 80 basis points over 40.3% in the third quarter of 2006. Adjusted for the impact of stock option and amortization expenses, gross margins increased 80 basis points. Strong volume, favorable product mix and productivity more than offset the impact of inflation to drive the year-over-year gross margin improvements. R&D expenses increased 12% to $27.7 million in the third quarter of 2007 from $24.8 million in the third quarter of 2006. Adjusting for the impact of stock option expensing and amortization, we kept R&D expense as a percentage of sales at 6.2% to fund the acceleration of activity around new product introductions and acquisitions. We expect our R&D investment will grow at a slower rate than sales in Q4 '07. Selling, general and administrative expenses were $106.4 million in the third quarter of 2007, an increase of 12% compared to $94.7 million in the third quarter of 2006. Adjusted for stock option and amortization expenses, SG&A was also flat on a year-over-year basis at 24.5%. Volume leverage and cost controls were offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions. In the third quarter of 2007, we had a reversal of a reserve for $1.4 million for lease charges on a prior divestiture. GAAP operating income for the third quarter of 2007 was $45.8 million compared to $36.5 million in the third quarter of 2006. Excluding intangibles amortization and stock option expense, operating income in Q3 '07 was $58 million or 13.3% of sales, an increase of 70 basis points from Q3 '06 due to increased gross margin. Looking at expenses below operating income, interest expense net of interest income in Q3 '07 was $3 million as compared to interest expense of $200,000 in Q3 '06 due to the increase in net debt over the last 12 months driven by our acquisitions and share repurchases, somewhat offset by strong cash generation. Other expense of $2.4 million is comprised of the cost of hedging or foreign currency balance sheet exposures, which increased year-over-year due to the weaker US dollar. The tax provision of $9.5 million for the third quarter of 2007 reflects a rate of approximately 23.3% compared to 21.3% in the third quarter of '06, which included a benefit of $1.2 million, primarily related to the difference between the prior-year tax provision and the actual tax liability. We expect our tax rate to be approximately 24.5% or lower during the fourth quarter, depending on the distribution of actual income and other items. Net income from continuing operations was $31.1 million in Q3 '07, up from $28.9 million in Q3 '06. Weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 119.5 million shares, reflecting the impact of our year-to-date repurchases. In Q3 '07, we repurchased 1.1 million shares outstanding under a 10-million share program approved by the Board in '05 leaving us with 2.9 million shares remaining in our approved program. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $0.26 in the quarter. Excluding intangibles amortization and stock option expense, adjusted EPS was $0.33 in Q3 '07, up 10% from Q3 '06 meeting first call consensus estimate adjusted for stock option expense in the high end of our forecasted range of $0.31 to $0.33. Turning to our segment results, I will briefly describe our Q3 performance. In LAS, revenue for the third quarter was $319.3 million, up 13% over the third quarter of '06. On a GAAP basis, LAS operating profit for the third quarter of '07 was $29.3 million compared to $25.3 million for the third quarter of '06. Excluding the amortization of intangibles and stock option expense, LAS Q3 '07 operating margins were 12.7%, up from 12.2% in Q3 '06. Volume benefits, product mix and net productivity measures drove the operating margin improvement. In Genetic Screening, which was about 16% of the LAS revenue in the quarter, revenue increased in the strong double digits. We continue to see excellent expansion in the neonatal screening, which grew double-digits driven by increased adoption of mandated tests such as our immunoreceptor tyrosine for cystic fibrosis in the US and international expansion in Russia. Also, within the quarter, we made further strides in global expanding of our testing protocols in Latin America by reaching an agreement for a first analyte in both Mexico and Chile as well as completing the installation of our equipment in seven states and China. Prenatal screening also grew double digits during the quarter compared to Q3 '06, driven by the increased acceptance of our tests in Europe and the strong adoption of our NTD tests with its proprietary free Beta hCG marker, which generated strong double-digit growth. Service, which represented about 26% of our LAS revenue in the quarter, grew high single digits, also contributing to its upward trajectory. We saw good growth in our base business, particularly in our noncontract global revenue in both Europe and Asia-Pacific driven by a recent investment. In addition, we continued to see very strong demand for our one-source multiyear service offerings in the areas of relocation and asset management programs. The outlook for our service business remains very favorable, as our multiventure strategy continues to be well accepted in the market. In the environmental and chemical product lines, which represented about 25% of our LAS revenue in the quarter, revenue increased in the high single digits, driven by very good performance in our GC offering from our Clarus product line. Sales and orders in China were again up double digit in the quarter, reflecting continued demand for the solutions to improve the analysis of air, food and water quality. Biopharma sales, which represented 34% of LAS revenue in the quarter increased in the mid single digits compared to the same period in '06. Within biopharma, certain businesses showed strong improvement in year-over-year revenue growth versus Q3 '06 driven by new product introductions. Specifically, reagent revenue grew in the high single digits. Our focus on increasing our high throughput reagent assays with new product introductions in both kinase and GPCR technology areas is beginning to gain traction. In addition, increased adoption of our foreign technology from the Euroscreen acquisition is also driving growth for cells and membranes. Instrument revenue performance was not as strong due to challenge in year-over-year comparables in our JANUS liquid handling product, which was introduced a year ago as well as timing of orders and new product introductions. In Optoelectronics, revenue for the quarter was $116.3 million, up 13% compared to the third quarter of '06, led by imaging and lighting businesses, which grew double-digit. Optoelectronics GAAP operating profit for the third quarter of '07 was $24.6 million or 21.1% of revenues. Excluding intangibles and amortization, stock option expense and lease charges, operating margins were 20.8%, which represents an increase of 30 basis points compared to the third quarter of '06, driven by volume leverage and product mix, offset by the impact of a weaker dollar. Within Optoelectronics, imaging revenue grew strong double digits during the quarter driven principally by strong demand in our Amorphous digital x-ray panels. We expect growth in our Amorphous business to continue on an upward trajectory during Q4 and into 2008. Specialty lighting grew in the double digits compared to Q3 of last year. We continue to see strong adoption of our flashtubes by many of the leading digital camera manufacturers. In addition, we shipped our first mobile flash module product this quarter under our previously announced design win. Our investments in the photo flash area are just beginning to show results, and we see a very strong outlook for this business going forward. Hence our revenue was up in the mid single digits in the quarter driven by our industrial sensor and photo diode product lines. Now turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. During the third quarter of '07, we had GAAP operating cash flow of $24 million driven by improved profitability and flat working capital performance. We continue to invest in the business, spending $10.5 million in capital to fund our various growth initiatives. We finished the quarter with total cash of $161 million, and net debt of $86 million, which we define as total short and long-term debt net of cash. We expect to build off the strong momentum achieved so far in '07 and continue to drive strong revenue growth in Q4. Excluding the impact of the anticipated ViaCell acquisition for the fourth quarter of 2007, we are forecasting double-digit revenue growth, including 400 basis points of foreign exchange and 300 basis points for acquisitions. In addition, we are forecasting GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations of between $0.36 and $0.38, with the impact of stock option expensing expected to be $0.01, and the impact of amortization, $0.06. Excluding the impact of intangibles, amortization and stock option expense, we are forecasting cash earnings per share from continuing operations of between $0.43 and $0.45 for the fourth quarter of 2007, which will allow us to achieve our full-year EPS forecasted growth of low-to-double digits to mid teens. As mentioned during our call announced the ViaCell acquisition. We would expect this acquisition to be approximately $0.01 dilutive to EPS in the fourth quarter, and 200 basis points accretive to revenue growth in the fourth quarter assuming a mid-November close. We also expect the acquisition to be $0.03 to $0.05 dilutive in '08 and $0.01 to $0.02 accretive to 2009 on an adjusted basis. I will now stop and open the call to your questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from the line of Paul Knight of Thomas Weisel Partners.
Paul Knight: Hi Greg.
Gregory L. Summe: Hey Paul, how are you doing?
Paul Knight: Good. The Optoelectronics group had a great margin in the quarter. Can you talk about that and the sustainability of where Opto is right now?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Paul, its Jeff. So you know, the Optoelectronics business had a very strong quarter and from an operating margin perspective expanded their margins. I think it's driven by a couple of factors. One I think that business has done a great job of driving top line revenue growth while really watching their cost structure very carefully, so that's one driver. Another one is that the Amorphous business is a heavily fixed cost natured business, and we've had continued strong performance in growth of that business. The yields are coming up, and therefore as you drive more volume out of that facility, the fixed cost leverage is such that you get a lot of... a lot of incremental variable contribution margin coming out of that business. So, I think it's both the combination of strong revenue growth and good cost controls, coupled with good volume leverage out of the Amorphous facility that really drove that result.
Paul Knight: And at what... Rob, can you talk about Asia and specifically what portion of your growth is coming out of the India and China market right now on the LAS business?
Robert F. Friel: You know, the growth across LAS this quarter was pretty well balanced across the three regions. We saw good growth in the Americas and Europe and Asia, and so I would say in this particular quarter, there wasn't any disproportionate growth. We saw pretty uniform across... in fact, probably Europe was a little light, but Americas and Asia were both about the same.
Paul Knight: And then lastly, do you see anything in backlog or orders that would give you any visibility on the next six, nine months in terms of... we still have traction in the marketplace I guess is the short question?
Robert F. Friel: Yes, I would just say, I don't know about six to nine months, Paul, but I would say, you know, we haven't seen any inflexion point in the booking rate. So, we don't... at this point we don't see any change in the, you know, in the sort of sales growth outlook or the economy.
Paul Knight: Okay. Thanks.
Robert F. Friel: Yes, you're welcome.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Derik De Bruin of UBS. Please proceed.
Derik De Bruin: Hi. Nice quarter.
Robert F. Friel: Thanks.
Derik De Bruin: So, could you just give me a little bit more color on the below the line items, below the operating line items, just a little bit more about the FX impacts and it looks like you, you certainly blew away my margin expectations, but it looks like that those items were... the expenses were a little bit greater than what I was looking for, just give me a little bit more color, please.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Sure, Derik, it's Jeff. So, there were two main items that kind of drove the below the line increase in expenses. The first was interest. We've obviously spent a little money in the last 12 months on both acquisitions, share repurchases, and have kind of swung from kind of, from kind of a net-net cash position to a net debt position, so piece of the increase year-over-year is the increase in interest to reflect the fact we bought companies and we've repurchased shares. So, that's one component of the increase below the line. The second increase is the movement in foreign exchange markets. We are a global company operating in many different jurisdictions and we've got a balance sheet where we've got exposures to different currencies, and what you saw happen was there was a fairly noticeable move in many of the currencies, the yen, the euro and the Canadian dollar specifically, relative to the US dollar and what that does when you translate the balance sheet is, it throws an expense off down below the line, translation expense, which runs through the other expense line. However, there is a corresponding expense, or benefit rather, that goes through above the line. So it neutralizes itself out, but there is a disproportionate [inaudible] that occurs down below the line from an accounting perspective.
Derik De Bruin: That's helpful. And I guess when you... can you give me a bit more color in terms of the specialty lighting business, specifically just some color in terms of how much the flash model, how much of the flash model is part of Optoelectronics? A little bit more color on the contribution from the Xenon flash?
Gregory L. Summe: Yes, I would say Derik, this is Greg. I'm not sure I caught the full part of the question. It was a little hard to hear, but if it was about how much did flash modules contribute to the growth in Opto, I would say it was a modest contribution this quarter, as we had sort of forecasted that we would see the main impact of that in the sort of fourth quarter on, but what it did do was successfully establish production capability, production runs, customer acceptance, and sort of initial, call it product flows. So, I would say modest impact this quarter, more significant impact next quarter from a numbers standpoint, but significant impact this quarter from sort of proving out the concept, getting established, getting the supply chains up and running and getting the initial production runs on through the whole system.
Derik De Bruin: Great, and I guess just one other question. Could you just talk about I guess curious about the reception you've had towards the ViaCell deal and I guess, has anything changed since you've announced it in terms of...?
Gregory L. Summe: No, I think the reception has been very good. You know, I think folks understand the fit, both from expanding the product set within, within neonatal and the linkage between screening and therapeutic actions, using the stem cells. So, it's a nice sort of closed loop process there. People also understand the synergy, both current and future on the distribution channel, both into the obstetrics professional with the field sales organization, and the direct to consumer marketing, which is an area that we haven't had before this period of time and it brings a significant capability in that area. And so that's both a synergy with where we are today and continues, I would say, to build out our selling distribution platform for expansion with other products in the future as well.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. And could you just give us a little color about some of the other products you're talking about, what's in the pipeline for neonatal?
Gregory L. Summe: I would say for... without getting into too much, if you look at neonatal, it's just a matter of continued both degrees it has continued to expand out the number of tests. And I think Jeff spiked a couple of those out this quarter that we've recently added, but I think continue to expand that menu and then outside the US of course very importantly continue to ramp up the geographic penetration, but also in the prenatal space as well. So, you can think about it this way. If you think about the OB/GYN channel and you think about the full breadth of product that goes through the OB/GYN channel, all those are potential candidates, continue to expand into the future, so if you will kind of a horizontal consolidation around that channel.
Derik De Bruin: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Gregory L. Summe: You're welcome.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of John Goldberg of Merrill Lynch.
Gregory L. Summe: Hi, John.
John Goldberg: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the call.
Gregory L. Summe: Yes.
John Goldberg: First question I had is, you continue to talk about strength in the digital x-ray, medical imaging panels and I was just curious, how does the DRA, the Deficit Reduction Act, you hear companies like GE and Phillips saying it's really impacting their sales of some of their imaging products. How does that work its way down to your business?
Gregory L. Summe: So John, it's Greg. The DRA hasn't impacted the digital x-ray business. The DRA is principally applied to outplacement imaging centers, which have been sort of CAT scan, MRI and PET and the digital x-ray tends to take place in the hospitals itself. So, there hasn't been any impact. Although there's been a significant impact in the US on those other modalities, there hasn't been any impact in the digital x-ray. And that's... so we would say no impact to us from that legislation.
John Goldberg: Okay, great. Thanks for clarifying that. And then I had one other question. If I remember from your 10-K a bit ago, I think I remember reading that you guys actually did have some off balance sheet financings, securitize your receivables. Is that, is that still the case, or is that.. have you stopped doing that?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, John, this is Jeff. So, we have a receivables securitization facility that we've used, that we drew down back in 2002, about a $45 million facility, so a smaller facility and it's backstopping into receivables. And so that facility is out there. We renew it every year. We've got pretty good reassurances from the financial financial partner that will be unaffected by what's happening now in the credit market. So, we don't see any risk to that in the foreseeable future.
John Goldberg: Okay. That was my, that was my... obviously the route that I was going there.
Gregory L. Summe: Yes, and of course, John, you know, we always have the capability to move that to a different instrument. If we do, we have tended to keep it there just because the pricing on it is so attractive.
John Goldberg: Right, and you're still getting I assume, attractive pricing, even in these markets on them.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes that's is correct.
John Goldberg: And then last clarification. On the FX this year, just to make sure I understood it correctly, you had not been hedging as you had some of those items that you discussed. Your margins perhaps would have looked slightly worse, but you wouldn't have had the other expense at the bottom and those kind of offset each other. I just want to make sure I was understanding correctly.
Gregory L. Summe: Yes, that's more or less correct.
John Goldberg: Great. Thanks a million.
Gregory L. Summe: Okay.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Ross Muken of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken: Hi guys. Mike and for Ross. You've mentioned earlier... you talked about the acquisition pipeline being pretty robust, and given that you'd spent a lot of money on the neonatal area, is that an area that you'll continue to look to add on from acquisition standpoint, or are there other areas that you're looking to?
Gregory L. Summe: No, I think we're, we will continue to add on into our genetic screening business, both the neonatal, prenatal and then also the maternal health area, are priority areas for us, along with a number of others. So, not exclusively in that space, but as you can see from our past history, but certainly an area that we think is still fairly fragmented, and we believe the synergies are pretty compelling through I would call a shared mind with the clinicians and the selling and service and support infrastructure around the world, and frankly our reputation. So we think there's a, you know, there's an opportunity to continue to create value by broadening out that, you know, that set of products and services.
Ross Muken: Absolutely makes sense. And then in terms of the size you're targeting, is it more the smaller bolt-on acquisitions, or is it something a little more sizable such as another ViaCell-type acquisition?
Robert F. Friel: This is Rob, I would say our first preference is to do the smaller bolt-ons and taking advantage of bringing them into our distribution sales and service capability. I would say that's our first priority.
Ross Muken: Okay, great. I think the rest of my questions already got answered. So thank you guys.
Gregory L. Summe: Okay.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of John Sullivan of Leerink Swann.
John Sullivan: Hi guys, good afternoon.
Gregory L. Summe: Hi John.
John Sullivan: A couple of quick ones. Just first of all, can you give us a sense of what percentage of your total revenues are recurring these days, including service and warranty and spare parts and traditional consumables? And can you also give us a sense of based on mix shift, where that number might go, maybe in a year, if you're so inclined? And then if you continue to implement your own plan, do you want to push more toward consumable revenues, and where do you think that PerkinElmer can get to in terms of recurring revenues as a portion of total business?
Jeffrey D. Capello: John, this is Jeff. The recurring revenue piece, which is typically comprised of kind of our reagents business, our genetic screening business, the service business, and the contractual business we have under the Amorphous medical imaging piece is roughly 50% of the business, so it's a fairly healthy piece. It's definitely an area... most of those areas, genetic screening, medical imaging and the other areas are areas of interest from an investment perspective, R&D, acquisition, and CapEx. So, we look to kind of continue to drive those up and would look there's a fair percentage of the ViaCell business that's recurring with the renewable fee that's paid every year to store the blood sample. So, we look to continue to drive that percentage up as we continue to grow the business, certainly.
John Sullivan: Okay. Thanks very much for that. And then shifting gears, regarding environmental, can you just give a sense of the products that you have in environmental that are, that kind of lead your business as far as you're concerned and kind of how they line up with them? Is air and water monitoring the best opportunity for you now in environmental, and if it is, just broadly can you speak about the products that you think are kind of your leaders in that area?
Robert F. Friel: John, this is Rob. So, I would say it's air and water, it's food safety I think is a key area we're looking to continue to have a significant position. I think in the biofuel area is another area that we think we've got significant capabilities. So, I would say those are the three initially that from an environmental perspective that we're going after and we think, we look at our... and it's not just the technology or the instrument, it's the application, know-now, it's the software, it's really the SOPs that are all wrapped around that and that's really the whole initiative, the Ecoanalytics is to really deliver this solution approach. Those are the key areas.
John Sullivan: Is this... do you see this as more of a regulation-driven opportunity for you, or is it, or is it more kind of self-governing, as corporations get to be more efficient? Is it generally... are we looking for worldwide regulation or are we looking for just kind of more corporate profits?
Robert F. Friel: I think a couple of years ago, it was probably more regulation-driven. I think now it's really being driven by whether it's the consumer or the individual companies. And I think that's really what's driving you right now. China is going to have to be able to monitor their food better in order to continue to be able to export or whether it's the toys and etcetera. So, I think there are a number of things that are really driven by the companies themselves or ultimately the consumer, so I don't think this is going to be determined by regulation.
John Sullivan: Okay. Last question, Rob, regarding this. Is this run as a discreet business area for you, or does this get does this get spread around several different functional areas?
Robert F. Friel: Well, the Ecoanalytics is part of the environmental business, which is a separate and distinct business.
John Sullivan: Okay. Thanks very much.
Robert F. Friel: You're welcome.
Operator: And your next question is from Jason Weiss of Robert W. Baird.
Jason Weiss: Hi, could you characterize the growth in your genetic screen business in terms of how much has been from new customers versus new tests at existing customers?
Gregory L. Summe: No, we don't Jason, we don't break that out. I would say that the dynamics of the business is it's a cumulative builder and that there is very little to no churn in the customer base, and so unlike other businesses where new... existing programs are winding down, new programs are coming on, and that business is truly driven by births and the adoption of technology to treat those births, and so the business sort of... it just continues to build and build and build, and we almost never, very, very seldom ever have a customer that actually decreases.
Jason Weiss: Okay. Would it be fair to say... I know there's a slide you've shown frequently of the opportunity in existing geographies, and I guess is more of your effort placed on broadening those relationships rather than reaching new geographies? Could you...
Gregory L. Summe: No. I would say maybe try to answer it this way, which is that both the existing geographies and the new geographies are important. The sales come more quickly with the existing geographies, because they've the systems in, they've the protocols in place, they've the customers or the patients there, and so it's a matter of them expanding their service menus. And in new geographies, it's more of a startup. So, you got to get the whole platform in and in place. But both are very important elements, you know, to us. I don't know whether we place more attention on one versus the other. I would say in any given quarter, probably the existing customer base has a bigger contribution, of course, than the new customer base.
Jason Weiss: And then one last question, the ViaCell acquisition, will that be classified as part of genetic screening?
Gregory L. Summe: Yes it is. So, it is part of that business.
Jason Weiss: Okay. Great.
Gregory L. Summe: They will be run as a separate unit within that business.
Jason Weiss: Terrific. Thank you for taking my questions.
Gregory L. Summe: You're welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of [inaudible]
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Just a question on your positioning on your quality screening, and you named a few categories such as the melamine and biofuel, heavy metals and just I guess kind of an overview of the competitive positioning there would be great? I know you mentioned Asia as well and China maybe, if your positioning is any different there than worldwide? Thanks.
Gregory L. Summe: Do you mean from a competitive position where we stand from a market share?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. That would be great.
Gregory L. Summe: Or who the other competitors are?
Unidentified Analyst: I'm sorry.
Gregory L. Summe: Or who the other competitors are or what our individual shares are in those areas?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Kind of these emerging categories and how you see, maybe who your players are there you're competing against in market share, that kind of mid-tier markets if we're talking melamine or biofuels as a fairly new category and just...
Gregory L. Summe: So, I think as you look at our competitors in this area, they have the tendency to be what we call the normal analytical instrument providers. So, whether it is Thermo or Agilent or Varian or maybe even [inaudible] on the thermoanalysis side. I think the one thing that we are doing which I think is a little novel though is we are trying to move from supplying products and technologies to providing these applications or solutions. And so I think that is the differentiator. So, we are not going to go into sort of a hearsay atomic absorption instrument. We are actually going with an instrument that is designed for a specific application. And as I mentioned before, there'll be specific SOPs and the instrument will be designed specifically around whether its testing for Melamine or whether it is a PAH analyzer etcetera. So, I think that is the differentiation that we are sort of bringing to the market.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That is helpful. Thank you.
Gregory L. Summe: You're welcome.
Operator: And your next question will come from Craig Leighton of Lord Abbett.
Craig Leighton: Hi, guys.
Gregory L. Summe: How are you doing?
Craig Leighton: Just two questions. Firstly I am just wondering if you could comment on your forecast for the Optoelectronics' expected fourth quarters growth as a segment?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Hi Craig. It's Jeff. So, I think we've assumed that both businesses LAS and Opto would have a strong double-digit for the fourth quarter.
Craig Leighton: Okay. You don't see Opto starting to show differential growth and really accelerate away from your LAS business?
Jeffrey D. Capello: It will have strong growth. I think there is no question that Opto is well positioned to have a very strong fourth quarter.
Craig Leighton: Okay. Terrific. And then also just within the biopharma segment. You highlighted the very strong trends within your cellular products that you are looking to build up, and I am just wondering if you might give a comment on this quarter and then the outlook as you've added some new products there?
Gregory L. Summe: As I mentioned, I think that is the way we believe a lot of the customers are moving into the cellular screening and cellular imaging. So, we are fairly optimistic about, particularly on the reagent side, and I mentioned a number of new products that we have come up fairly recently, and we are seeing a good adoption of those. So, I would say clearly on the reagent side, things are improving, particularly in GPCRs and [inaudible]. And as you know that probably makes up 70%, 75% of the drug targets anyway. And so that is where we are seeing particularly strong growth.
Craig Leighton: You spend some time optimizing your product portfolio there, bring some new stuff in and get... taking some other products out and I am just wondering if you are looking for real acceleration in that 10% to 12% of the business, if this is a 20 plus percent or...
Gregory L. Summe: I think when you look within the drug discovery. I think there are pieces of that business that are seeing good acceleration. Keep in mind that a good part of the biopharma business is still in the radioactive area. So, whether it is radionucleotides or radioactive detectors and I think that is a market that continues to be challenged from a growth perspective. So, if you were to sort of look at parts of the biopharma business, I think you would see the acceleration you are talking about. But it gets reduced to some extent because of the drag from the radionucleotides and the radioactive detectors.
Craig Leighton: Okay. Just lastly are you starting to see the benefits of the Evotec PerkinElmer combination. I guess I am just trying to understand what 2008 might look like with the Evotec product line within the LAS distribution?
Gregory L. Summe: Right. Yes, I think we are seeing the Evotec had a terrific product. They didn't have a very significant distribution and sales capability, and so it has taken some time to get our people trained on that product. And I think we are starting to see some good traction in that product. One of the things we need to do though is take the price down of the Opera, and so we have got an R&D project that significantly takes costs and make that a lower priced model. And then I think you'll see some significant growth.
Craig Leighton: Great. Thanks.
Gregory L. Summe: You're welcome.
Operator: And your next question is from Vivek Qana [ph] of Civic Global Healthcare.
Vivek Qana: Hi good evening. I'm just wondering if you could give the organic growth for the license analytical segment? I missed that.
Gregory L. Summe: It was 5%.
Vivek Qana: Okay, great. Thanks.
Gregory L. Summe: You're welcome.
Operator: And your last question will come from the line of Vito Menza of Sandler Capital.
Vito Menza: Hi, guys, great quarter. Just a question on operating cash flow, the nine months versus last year's nine months really looks great. Was this three months kind of just the catch-up in working capital type of thing?
Jeffrey D. Capello: It's Jeff. I don't think it was a catch-up. I think the strong cash flow is being driven by a couple of things. One, a year ago we had taxes that we paid out on the divesture of the food sciences business at the very end of '05, and those payments, those tax payments didn't get made until the first quarter of '06.
Vito Menza: Okay.
Jeffrey D. Capello: So, when you look at a comparable basis, you've got to take the $43 odd million of operating cash flow for year-to-date at Q3 '06 and add in the sum of $60 million of taxes. Then you get more of a comparable basis.
Vito Menza: Understood.
Jeffrey D. Capello: But when you make that adjustment, it's still up and it's up because of the improvement in the profitability of the business combined with pretty good management of working capital. I mean working capital management is a big point of focus for us.
Vito Menza: Now, got it. That helps. And just lastly on the... I know you touched on the forex hedges that you guys do below the lines. Just want to understand it, you know, is it... should we be adding back that $2.3 million and tag the EBIT number for, or is there more of a disproportionate hit below the line as we kind of look at it year-over-year?
Jeffrey D. Capello: Well, you could kind of net the two of them out. And I think this quarter was a rather unusual quarter, because we had pretty big movements between the beginning of the quarter and the end of the quarter in some of these currencies. So, this is one of the larger quarters we had from a forex perspective.
Vito Menza: [inaudible] closes the other line to be bigger then?
Jeffrey D. Capello: That is right.
Vito Menza: Got it.
Jeffrey D. Capello: And typically we've run anywhere around a $1 million. So, $2.2 million is a fairly high number and hopefully we wouldn't expect to see that kind of continue going forward. Otherwise foreign exchange period is going to be pretty busy I would think.
Vito Menza: Exactly. [inaudible]. All right. Thank you.
Gregory L. Summe: You're welcome.
Operator: And that will conclude the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing comments.
Gregory L. Summe: All right, thank you operator. Thanks everyone for your participation and interest in PerkinElmer. We are pleased with our third quarter and believe we're well positioned to sustain the growth of our business throughout the remainder of 2007 and beyond. This call is adjourned. Have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's call. This concludes the presentation, you may now disconnect, have a wonderful day.
