===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2025 First Quarter Conference Call. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Rafael Tejada, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Tejada, you may begin the call.
Rafael Tejada: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website thermofisher.com under the heading, news, events, and presentations until July 22, 2025. A copy of the press release of our first quarter earnings is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading financials. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, which is on file with the SEC and available in the investor section of our website under the heading financials, SEC filings. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our first quarter 2025 earnings and also in the investor section of our website under the heading financials. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Mark.
Marc Casper: Thank you, Raf. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our first quarter call. As you saw in our press release, we delivered very strong performance in the quarter. I'm proud of our team's ongoing focus to enable the success of our customers while demonstrating incredibly strong commercial execution and operational excellence. Our continued success is a result of our growth strategy, our PPI business system, and our proven capital deployment approach. And of course, all of this is against the backdrop of a more uncertain macro environment. So big thanks to the team for their efforts. In my remarks today, I'll first cover Q1, which was a strong quarter with clean execution across all dimensions. In the second part of my remarks, I will cover the expected impact of the uncertainty in the macro environment. And I'll provide a high-level view of our updated guidance for the year that incorporates the expected net impact of current tariffs and the changes driven by the current policy focus of the US administration. So to recap the financials, our revenue in the quarter was $10.36 billion. Our adjusted operating income was $2.27 billion. Q1 adjusted operating margin was 21.9%, and we grew adjusted EPS by 1% to $5.15 per share. Our team's excellent execution and strong focus on our customer success enabled us to deliver revenue performance ahead of our expectations. Turning to our performance by end market, we translated that revenue performance into earnings that were also ahead of expectations. As a reminder, there were two fewer days in the quarter than the same period last year. In Pharma and Biotech, we delivered low single-digit growth during the quarter, which included a two-point headwind from the runoff of vaccine and therapy-related revenue. Performance in this quarter was led by our bioproduction and pharma services businesses, as well as our research and safety market channel. In academic and government, revenue declined low single digits in the quarter, driven by the macro conditions in the U.S. and China for this end market. In industrial and applied, we grew low single digits during the quarter, highlighted by strong growth in our electron microscopy business. Finally, in diagnostics and healthcare, we grew low single digits during the quarter, reflecting strong performance in our healthcare market channel and in our transplant diagnostics and immunodiagnostics businesses. Wrapping up on our end markets, while there was more than originally expected, our team delivered on our financial commitments for the quarter. In terms of our growth strategy, we made terrific progress in the quarter. As a reminder, our strategy consists of three pillars: high-impact innovation, our trusted partner status with customers, and our unparalleled commercial engine. So starting with the first pillar of our growth strategy, high-impact innovation, we had an excellent start to the year, launching several outstanding new products that are strengthening our industry leadership by enabling customers to advance their important work. Let me first highlight a couple of new products and analytical instruments that demonstrate our continued market leadership. In electron microscopy, we introduced the Thermo Scientific Vulcan automated lab, a fully integrated AI-enabled solution that combines robotics and electron microscopy, helping to advance process development and control in semiconductor manufacturing. The Vulcan system speeds up transmission electron microscopy workflows, reduces labor, and delivers consistent high-quality data. This innovation improves manufacturing yields, enhances productivity, and seamlessly connects lab and fabrication operations. It's a major step forward for our semiconductor customers. In chromatography and mass spectrometry, we introduced the next-generation Thermo Scientific Transcend, a new ultra-high-performance liquid chromatography platform helping high-volume laboratories simplify sample preparation and increase efficiency in clinical research, forensic toxicology, food safety, and environmental testing applications, including for PFAS. Turning to our genetic sciences business, we introduced Olink Reveal proteomics kits that enable the identification of proteins related to inflammation and immune response, helping to advance precision medicine. It was a terrific quarter for innovation, and we're excited about the strong pipeline of launches slated for Q2, including those that will debut at ASMS. Our high-impact innovation is enabling an even brighter future for our company. During the quarter, we also continued to strengthen our industry-leading commercial engine and deepen our trusted partner status with our customers to accelerate their innovation and enhance their productivity. In our clinical research business, we continue to strengthen our leadership in real-world evidence to help our customers gain insights about the safety and effectiveness of current and future treatments. We launched new core Avitas patient registries in electron microscopy, announced a new collaboration, and ultimately improved patient outcomes in alopecia and lupus, enhancing our customers' ability to inform treatment decisions with the Chan Zuckerberg Institute for Advanced Biological Imaging. To advance the understanding of human cells by leveraging cutting-edge cryo-tomography technologies, this effort supports the development of the open cell Atlas, a groundbreaking initiative aimed at creating high-resolution 3D maps of human cells to drive biological discovery. It's another example of how Thermo Fisher Scientific is enabling large-scale collaborative research efforts that push the boundary of science forward. Our trusted partner status and industry-leading commercial capabilities enabled our customer success. They also provide us a unique opportunity to engage with our customers, helping them solve current challenges and plan for the future. As always, our PPI business system played a significant role in our success, enabling outstanding execution during the quarter. PPI engages and empowers all of our colleagues to find a better way every day. PPI is helping us to drive share gains and improve quality, productivity, and customer allegiance. It's a significant competitive advantage for Thermo Fisher Scientific as we navigate through the current macroeconomic uncertainty. Let me now turn to capital deployment. We continue to successfully execute our proven capital deployment strategy, which is a combination of strategic M&A and returning capital to our shareholders. In February, we announced that we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire SOVENTUM's purification and filtration business for $4.1 billion. The business is a leading provider of filtration technologies used in the production of biologics, as well as in medical technologies and industrial applications. Sovantum's innovative products are highly complementary to our leading cell culture media and single-use technologies, broadening our bioproduction capabilities to better serve the high-growth bioprocess market. The transaction is expected to be completed by the end of 2025 and is subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. We look forward to welcoming our new colleagues to Thermo Fisher Scientific. In terms of return of capital, during the quarter, we repurchased $1 billion of shares and increased our dividend by 10%. Let me now turn to our guidance. We've all seen a tremendous pace of change in the world since we provided our guidance on January 30. The two main elements of the macro changes since then are tariffs and the changes driven by the current policy focus of the US administration. As you would expect, we've been operating with agility to assess the changes as they come, and we're actively managing our business to mitigate the impact and capitalize on new opportunities. As a result, we're able to offset a large amount of the impact of the macro changes in 2025 and more fully offset them when the full impact of our mitigation actions is realized next year. While these recent macro changes are causing uncertainty and remain fluid, we thought it would be most helpful to the investment community to offer a best estimate of the impact of the known changes as of today and embed them in our guidance. Our updated guidance range for the year is revenue in the range of $43.3 billion to $44.2 billion and adjusted EPS in the range of $21.76 to $22.84. Stephen will take you through the details in his remarks. While the guidance has changed for the expected impact of the macro factors and the mitigating actions, it's important to note that the rest of the guidance remains fully on track relative to what we shared on our last earnings call.
Stephen Williamson: As you know, during periods of change, we define a clear set of guiding principles on how to successfully manage the company. These principles have three elements. First, everything we do starts with our customers and ensuring that we're enabling their success. Second, we inspire our colleagues to bring their best every day to fulfill our mission. And third, we hold ourselves to an incredibly high standard to deliver differentiated short-term performance, all while identifying opportunities to enhance our long-term competitive position, which creates an even brighter future for our company. To enable that differentiated short and long-term performance in this environment, we're leveraging our PPI business system to aggressively manage our supply chain to counteract tariffs and to appropriately manage our cost base. You've heard us talk about our commercial intensity, and we're pivoting our commercial teams to the areas with the best opportunities to accelerate our share gain momentum. We're ensuring that our trusted partner status is driving tangible benefits for our customers. And one way we're doing this is by continuing to invest further to strengthen our capabilities for our customers. This includes increasing our investment in US manufacturing, R&D, in the range of about $2 billion. As the largest domestic life sciences player in every major market around the world, we're uniquely positioned to help customers navigate this environment. I'm encouraged by the fact that both our colleagues and our customers have never been more enthusiastic about our company. Our customer lead gen score is at an all-time high, and colleague engagement and retention are incredibly strong. So to summarize, our key takeaways from the quarter: We delivered a very strong quarter driven by our proven growth strategy and PPI businesses. Our trusted partner status and proven ability to enable our customer success is a significant competitive advantage. Looking ahead, we're acting with speed and agility to navigate the current environment, and we're incredibly well-positioned to minimize the impact and maximize new opportunities, creating an even brighter future for our company. With that, I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll take you through an overview of our first quarter results for the total company, then provide color on our four business segments, and I'll conclude by providing our updated 2025 guidance. Before I get into the details about financial performance, let me provide you with a high-level view of how that first quarter played out versus our expectations at the time of our last earnings call. In Q1, we had another quarter of excellent execution. This enabled us to deliver Q1 financials ahead of what we'd assumed in our prior guidance. Organic revenue growth was approximately $100 million or 1% ahead, and adjusted EPS was $0.04 ahead. This is driven by $0.09 of very strong operational performance, partially offset by $0.05 of higher FX headwind largely due to non-cash transactional FX. So a clean beat for the quarter. The team's execution was excellent, and we delivered a strong start to the year. I'll provide you with some additional details on our performance, starting with earnings per share. In the quarter, adjusted EPS grew 1% to $5.15. GAAP EPS in the quarter was $3.98, up 15% from Q1 last year. On the top line, Q1 reported revenue was flat year over year. The components of our reported revenue included 1% organic revenue growth, a slight contribution from acquisitions, and a 1% headwind from foreign exchange. For context, within our revenue growth for the quarter, we had a headwind of approximately 3% from the combined impact of two fewer selling days and the runoff of pandemic-related revenue. Turning to our organic revenue performance by geography in Q1, North America was flat year over year, Europe grew low single digits, and Asia Pacific also grew low single digits, with China declining mid-single digits. With respect to our operational performance, we delivered $2.27 billion with adjusted operating income in the quarter, and adjusted operating margin was 21.9%, ten basis points lower than Q1 last year. During the quarter, we delivered very strong productivity, which enabled us to fund strategic investments to further advance our industry leadership and largely offset the impact of unfavorable mix and a headwind from foreign exchange. Total company gross margin in the quarter was 41.7%. Moving on to the details of the P&L, adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 16.5% of revenue. Total R&D expense was $342 million in Q1, reflecting our ongoing investments in high-impact innovation. R&D as a percent of manufacturing revenue was 7.5% in the quarter. Looking at our results below the line, our Q1 net interest expense was approximately $100 million. The adjusted tax rate was 10%, and average diluted shares were 379 million, five million lower year over year, driven by share repurchases net of option dilution. Turning to free cash flow and the balance sheet, Q1 cash flow from operations was $720 million, and free cash flow was $370 million after investing $350 million of net capital expenditures. During Q1, we deployed $2.1 billion of capital to shareholders through $2 billion share buybacks, which were completed in January, and approximately $150 million of dividends. Also during the quarter, as Mark mentioned, we announced a definitive agreement to acquire Solventum's purification and filtration business for approximately $4.1 billion in cash. We expect the transaction to be completed by the end of 2025, and the business will become part of our Life Science Solutions segment upon close. We ended the quarter with $5.9 billion in cash and short-term investments and $34.2 billion of total debt. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.2 times pro forma adjusted EBITDA and 2.6 times on a net debt basis. Concluding my comments on our total company performance, adjusted ROI was 11.4%, reflecting the strong returns on investment we're generating across the company. Now I'll provide some color on the performance of our four business segments. As a reminder, in Q1, we had two fewer selling days than the prior year quarter, which impacted revenue growth in each segment by approximately one to two percentage points. In Life Science Solutions, Q1 reported revenue in this segment increased 2% versus the prior year quarter, and organic revenue growth was also 2%. Growth in this segment was driven by our bioproduction business. Q1 adjusted operating income for Life Science Solutions decreased 1%, and adjusted operating margin was 35.6%, down 120 basis points versus the prior year quarter. During Q1, we delivered very strong productivity, which was more than offset by the expected impact of the Olink acquisition, unfavorable mix, and strategic investments. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue grew 2% year over year, and organic revenue growth was 3%. The growth in the quarter was led by our electron microscopy business. In this segment, Q1 adjusted operating income was flat year over year, and adjusted operating margin was 23.2%, down 50 basis points versus the year-ago quarter. In Q1, we delivered strong productivity and volume pull-through, which was more than offset by strategic investments, foreign exchange headwinds, and unfavorable mix. Turning to Specialty Diagnostics, in Q1, reported revenue grew 3% year over year, and organic revenue increased 4%. In Q1, growth in this segment was led by our healthcare market channel and our immunodiagnostics and transplant diagnostics businesses. Q1 adjusted operating income for Specialty Diagnostics increased 3%, and adjusted operating margin was 26.5%, flat year over year. During the quarter, we delivered good productivity and volume pull-through, which was offset by foreign exchange headwinds and unfavorable mix. And finally, in the Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment, both reported revenue and organic revenue decreased 1% versus the prior year quarter. The runoff of pandemic-related revenue had about a 2% impact on revenue growth in this segment in Q1. This was largely offset by good growth in our Pharma Services business and our research and safety market channel. In this segment, Q1 adjusted operating income decreased 2%, and adjusted operating margin was 13%, which is flat to Q1 2024. During the quarter, we delivered very strong productivity, which was offset by unfavorable mix and strategic investments. So turning to guidance, as Mark outlined, we're updating our 2025 guidance to reflect the continued strength of the business, including the very strong start to the year in Q1, and to reflect the expected impact of recent changes in the macroeconomic environment. While these recent macro changes are causing uncertainty and remain fluid, we thought it would be most helpful to the investment community to offer our best estimate of the impact of the known changes as of today and embed them in our guidance. Let me start with a high-level summary of the change to the midpoint of the guide. I'll then provide more detail around each one of the changes so that you have the right context. Adjusted EPS is a dollar lower at the midpoint than our previous guidance. $0.70 is driven by the tariffs between the U.S. and China. We expect this impact will reduce very rapidly next year when the full benefits of our mitigation actions are realized. Non-China-related tariffs are assumed to have no net impact on the adjusted EPS for the full year 2025. Our mitigation actions offset the gross impact of the new costs within the year. And finally, the impact of changes driven by the current policy focus of the US administration has a $0.30 impact in 2025. Revenue dollars are unchanged at the midpoint. The volume-related impacts are offset by our mitigating price actions and more favorable FX. And we now expect organic revenue growth to be 2% at the midpoint of the range for the year. The guidance is prepared using tariff rates that are in place today and assumes no change in the current U.S. policy focus. So we're updating the guide to reflect the change in the macro environment and our highly impactful mitigation actions. It's important to note that all the rest of our guidance remains on track for the year. Let me now give you the detailed context behind each of these macro change factors. Starting with the US-China tariffs, the tariff rates here are so substantial that they're likely to significantly reduce the volume of trade between the two countries. We expect this will impact the sales of our products in China that are produced by our facilities in the U.S. In our guidance, we're assuming this is a $400 million revenue headwind for the year. These tariffs are also expected to increase the cost of China-sourced parts and subassemblies. The pull-through on the lower volumes and higher costs, net of the aggressive mitigation actions, is assumed to be a headwind of adjusted operating income in 2025 of $375 million versus the prior guide. The mitigation actions take time to complete, so we don't get all the benefit from them in 2025. Once they are complete, we expect them to fully mitigate the impact of these tariffs. Moving on now to non-China-related tariffs, these recently raised tariffs are increasing our costs where we directly import items into the U.S. but also likely increase the cost of many items that we buy in the U.S. that have overseas content. A partial offset to the impact of these tariffs is foreign exchange. The increase in tariffs has caused a significant weakening of the US dollar, and at current rates, this increases our revenue guide for the year by $600 million. The bottom-line benefit of the FX change is more muted given the mix of currencies and one-time transactional FX caused by the recent rapid change in the rate. We're driving offsetting mitigation actions here as well, a combination of supply chain changes, actively managing our cost base, and appropriate pricing actions. As a result, as I mentioned earlier, there's no net adjusted EPS impact for 2025 from the non-China-related tariffs. Then in terms of the changes in US policy focus, the largest impact is likely to be on our US academic and government customers. We now expect their purchases to be more muted in 2025, especially for instruments and equipment, as we evaluate the impact of potential changes to government funding and work out how to access new funding sources to continue their critical work. We're baking into our guidance a lower level of clinical trials work also related to vaccine studies. Net of appropriate cost management, these changes to US policy focus reduced our guidance midpoint by $500 million of revenue, $150 million of operating income, and $0.30 of adjusted EPS. The tariffs and policy changes are also creating some very relevant medium and long-term opportunities, and we're working to maximize these upsides, including leveraging our extensive U.S. manufacturing capabilities to help our customers navigate their own potential tariff impacts. This will have minimal impact in 2025, but it's expected to be an important contributor going forward. Bringing all this together, our updated guidance range for the year now reflects revenue in the range of $43.3 billion to $44.2 billion, organic growth in the range of 1% to 3%, and adjusted operating income margins in the range of 22% to 22.6%. It's worth noting that the tariff-related changes to the guide reduced our adjusted operating income margin by 120 basis points. This is driven by FX and also the tariff costs, partially offset by incremental pricing actions. We're taking the right actions and protecting the profit dollars, but it has an impact on our reported margin. And then finally, adjusted EPS in the range of $21.76 to $22.84. This reflects excellent performance in the current conditions. From a range standpoint, we've assumed a plus or minus 1% organic revenue growth range around the midpoint. This range is provided to give you a view on the potential outcomes based on the world as it is today and the current tariff levels and the current policy-focused areas being unchanged. There's a scenario for 2025 that could be low in this guidance range if the macroeconomic outlook meaningfully dampens. And there are scenarios that could land above this range that would be largely in line with our original guidance. As I think about the implications for beyond 2025, given the robust mitigation actions we're putting in place, I see the financial impact of these macro-driven changes to our guide reducing rapidly. We'll quickly realize the full benefit of our supply chain actions. Our academic customers will adapt their funding sources, and we'll capitalize on the new opportunities that the macro changes are creating. So now we'll move on to an update to some of the modeling elements for the full year. Given the recent changes in rates, we now expect FX to be a year-over-year headwind to revenue of $50 million and a $90 million headwind to adjusted operating income. This includes an estimated $60 million of one-time transactional FX. In terms of adjusted EPS, we now expect FX to be a headwind of $0.19 for the year. Below the line, we now expect approximately $330 million of net interest expense in 2025. The adjusted tax rate assumption for the year is expected to be 10.5% versus our prior guide of 11.5%, reflecting the changes to our earnings guidance. We continue to expect between $1.4 billion and $1.7 billion of net capital expenditures in 2025 and free cash flow in a range of $7 billion to $7.4 billion for the year. In terms of capital deployment, we're assuming $2 billion of share buybacks, which were already completed in January. We continue to estimate that full-year average diluted share count will be between 378 million and 379 million shares, and return approximately $600 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends. And our guidance does not include any future acquisitions or divestitures, so it does not include any impact from the pending acquisition of Soventum's purification and filtration business. Finally, I wanted to touch on phasing for Q2. We expect organic growth in Q2 to be similar to Q1, and adjusted EPS in Q2 to be approximately $0.05 to $0.10 higher than in Q1. So to conclude, in a more uncertain world, we delivered on our commitments in Q1. And while the world is more uncertain, what is unchanged is our approach. We're acting with agility, navigating appropriately, enabling the success of our customers, our colleagues, and our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Raf.
Rafael Tejada: Thank you, Steven. Operator, we're ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin today's question and answer session. The Thermo Fisher Scientific management team, please limit your time on the call to one question. Please go ahead, Michael.
Michael Ryskin: Great. Thanks for taking the question, and thanks for the detailed comments, Mark and Steven. That was really helpful. I want to start on, Sunit, you both touched on sort of the approach to the guide methodology going forward given all the uncertainty in the broader market and, you know, especially on the policy side. Just trying to think about obviously, things have changed a lot in the last three months. Feels like they're changing every day, every week. You know, we noticed that for the guide, both for revenues and EPS, you're given a wider range than you have in the past. But just you talk a little bit about, you know, upside downside sort of the world looks like for the lower end versus what the world looks like for the higher end? Just if things keep changing as they have been, you know, levers you have to offset things if things deteriorate further or maybe just sort of what your actions would be if things improve a little bit. Just think about various scenarios going forward. Thanks.
Marc Casper: Mike, thanks for the question. Super helpful question. So maybe I'll start with a little bit of framing and then think about some scenarios. Right? So I think that you start with we had a really good quarter to start the year. Right? And it was clean across all dimensions. Top line, bottom line, execution of the growth strategy. Actually really excited about customer leads and things that we don't talk as much as the best ever. Turnover rates of colleagues, the lowest that we've recorded. So things are good. Right? And from that perspective, right? And the market majority of our business is actually right on track in terms of what I would expect. The macro is, as you said, is quite changing and dynamic. And you know, if I think about how challenging it was to just go through and assess what would be the impact of also just what we have at this moment, we made the view that it's better to actually articulate that. So that, you know, people can model it. Right? And we think that's gonna be exactly right? Of course not. But do we think it's directionally correct? Yeah. We do. And what's hard to visualize is we are fully mobilized on mitigation actions. Navigating the environment that we see right now. And if you think about really, most of these changes started around April 10th, and we sit here, you know, less than two weeks later, and we're in full mobilization mode. If things change, we're gonna capitalize on opportunities that never saw coming. We will navigate risks effectively. We'll roll back access that are unnecessary as some of these things don't happen. So we'll be very agile and you I, you know, I feel good about our ability to do that. Actually, I think we're incredibly differentiated based on our ability to do that. So what are the broad scenarios? So the upside scenario is changes in the policies between US and China so that you don't have sort of this dramatic reduction of demand. Based in China for US-made products. It's a small minority of what we produce for China is actually made in the US, but our assumption is effectively it goes to zero until we can mitigate supply chains, which we can do quite aggressively. This takes some time to move production to other sites. So that's the most obvious scenario. That would drive short-term actions. It was actually a good, you know, set of commentary from the FDA commissioner about what he's trying to do, and I know the biotech community is all good about those changes. So you could envision a more robust biotech environment. Those are kind of both scenarios. There's probably some other ones I'm not thinking about. The negative is, you know, if tariff rates or other things like that or the macro gets affected by these things, that'd be the negative scenario. And many levers that we can pull but it's hard to know exactly what the impact would be because we don't know the magnitude of the challenge that we faced. So hopefully, that helps you think about it. And the important reminder in a period of volatility, there's no place that's better to be than life science tools, right, in terms of you think about this level of change and in the scheme of things, very small changes to our outlook. We're still growing nice and you know, our plan is to grow EPS. So it's a nice haven in a little bit of challenging environment. Thank you, Mike.
Michael Ryskin: Sure. Thanks so much, Mark. That's really helpful. And then for my follow-up, I wanna touch a little bit on sort of the long term beyond 2025. I think you guys addressed the tariff situation really well saying that you'll be able to mitigate things, and it's really not gonna be an issue next year. But thinking about NIH, US government funding, policy there, obviously, that's an important market. So any thoughts I know it's really early, but any thoughts on what your view is of the underlying tools market growth rate that, you know, four to six percent, is that still viable going forward in the future? Do you think that there'll be enough offsets and ability to find new funding sources, or does this sort of dampen that longer turnaround look for the market? Thanks.
Marc Casper: Yeah. So Mike, I think right now, we're focused on the super short term. Right? Because, obviously, you know, we're addressing that. I'm super optimistic about the long-term health of our industry because if you go about what's driving it, right? What's driving it is we're getting older. There's big demand for health care, and the scientific breakthroughs, they're awesome. Right? The pipelines in the pharmaceutical biotech industry are compelling. Right? And those things generate the fundamental underlying growth. I think about the long term, I feel very good about the long-term growth. Right? What underlies that is obviously GDP growth. So if the GDP growth in the world is better, that actually puts an upward pressure on growth in the long term. If GDP growth is depressed, it puts a downward pressure. It affects every part of the economy, but that's always a driver that we don't talk so much about. On the academic funding, when I think about sort of US NIH, when you're thinking about, you know, a few points of our total revenue, you have a one-point, you have a one-time reset if this never changes in policy. But ultimately, it grows from there. When I actually think about what is the practical aspects of the government, you know, environment or the academic environment, I should say, the next step actually is what does the appropriations happen in the budget. Congress has historically been strong supporters of NIH. We'll see how that plays out. And then from there, it'll go going forward. So hopefully, that's helpful. I'm excited for what the future holds. And right now, just gonna navigate the environment that we're in.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, Matt.
Matt Sykes: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Really do appreciate all the detail you've given so far. I guess for my first question, just given how close you are to your customers, as we think about the large biopharma end market, could you maybe talk about any changes in order behavior or patterns where there's been a pull forward of inventories just to get ahead of tariffs? And if you haven't seen that yet, do you expect that to happen? And how do you work with your customers to ensure not a significant amount of supply chain disruption in that event?
Marc Casper: Yeah. So, Matt, it's a great question. And thanks for it. Given how short the announcement implementation of the tariffs, I don't really believe customers had any opportunity to pull forward. Right? It would have been we didn't see something, like, funky in the first quarter in terms of some bolus of things happening later in the quarter. We sort of got out of the normal process. And, you know, the tariffs are in effect. So I don't see really any meaningful changes in the patterns that we're expecting. And so, hopefully, that's helpful.
Matt Sykes: Great. And then just for my follow-up, when you talk about manufacturing flexibility and the ability to mitigate, could you maybe at a high level just kind of talk about how flexible different types of products are? Meaning, like, is it easier to flex an instrument manufacturing facility versus, say, consumables and reagents? And how do you think about sort of the order of priorities in terms of flexing in manufacturing? I just think we all wanna get a sense for timing of truly how flexible you can be given the diverse set of products that you offer.
Marc Casper: Yeah. Matt, when you think about what we've said in that guide and how fast we're able to mobilize, you can see the short time duration it takes to actually get the full impact of that, and it's complex. It takes a lot of hard work. The team's doing an awesome job of thinking about the implications and then putting the right action plans in place and then executing. So we're on the execution stage, and it's different by different businesses, by different product types. And we have flexibility in our system that you see the net impact is that. So I think that's the best way to put it, and the team is just working with the benefit of the PPI businesses and executing on that. So the other thing that will be challenging, I think, for the analysis of the industry is scale is just an enormous advantage here. Right? Because if you're narrow, and you ship from the world from a single site for your products, you might be massively disadvantaged. You might be advantaged. You may change. Your ability to be flexible is incredibly hard. We have scale facilities in every major market, but the capabilities are robust. We have a lot of twin factories where the factories do the same thing in different geographies. So our ability to move with speed is enormous, and that actually is a great share gain opportunity for us as well. Alright? So I feel very good about our competitive position, especially how strong the PPI business system is on our operational execution. And, hopefully, that's helpful. Great. Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Please go ahead, Jack. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. First, I appreciate the very comprehensive guidance update that you guys provided. Mark, one follow-up, one to ask on the policy side is related to pharmacy tariffs. Curious what you're hearing from customers and then just talk about the risks and opportunities there for Thermo Fisher Scientific. I'll leave it open-ended, but then I have a follow-up.
Marc Casper: Hey, Jack. Thanks for the question. So we interact obviously with our pharmaceutical and biotech customers continually. You know, obviously, there's nothing been formalized on the tariffs at this point. I think there's both advocacy that those customers are doing and planning as well. One of the things that we're doing is we're seeing a lot of interest in leveraging our scale US manufacturing capabilities within our pharma services business. So there's quite a bit of demand for our footprint here. And part of the reason that I talked about the investment, which is a $2 billion investment over the four-year period ahead of us, is really to actually have added capacity for pharma services, for analytical services, or laboratories, and additional R&D done in the US. And I think we just believe that there's gonna be more activity here. Whether there's tariffs or not, and that's the direction of travel. And we're gonna enable our customer success. And once again, we'll be able to capitalize on that opportunity to help our customers be extraordinarily successful.
Jack Meehan: Great. And you kind of walked me to where I wanted to go, which is on the pharma services business. So that got a few callouts in the scripts. We'd just like to get your thoughts on what inning you think this business is now in kind of in the post-COVID recovery, confidence that continues. And when you have these discussions with customers, is it more API related or fill-finish, just like where you're seeing the demand for help?
Marc Casper: Yeah. So it's the biggest area. It's across the board, but the biggest area is really in fill-finish. Right? As well as, interestingly enough, drug product on the tableting side of things as well because there's an interest in having more done in the US. Right? So the front product is seeing the fastest thing because it takes a long time to move drug substance actually in terms of, you know, that happening. So I think that's where we'll see it first. And in terms of the COVID thoughts, you know, we've won significant business to backfill the old COVID-related capacity. So that's pretty much all. That is actually all signed up. And we're just ramping up production. Right? And we have new lines coming in. Gonna have even more lines being added with the additional investments in the coming years. So from that perspective, the COVID's in the rearview mirror, and now you're starting to see the ramp of the activity on what we backfilled with. So it's a pretty exciting time in pharma services. Great. Thanks, Jack.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rachel Vatnsdal with JPMorgan. Rachel, please go ahead.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and thanks so much for taking the question. So I wanted to dig into the policy changes that drove a portion of the updated guide. You highlighted that $500 million of that guidance reduction was related to those policy changes. You specifically call it the weakness in academics and government, but then you also highlighted some of the clinical trial weakness in light of lower expectations related to vaccines. So could you break down for us what percent of that $500 million update was related to ENG versus the CRO? And then alongside the academic and government, what are your updated expectations for how that market should perform for the full year?
Marc Casper: Thank you. I just wanna make sure I answer the right question. So thanks for the question. So the split is really quite straightforward. On the policy changes, within the clinical research business, we've seen $200 million of studies canceled or put on hold, specifically vaccine-related. Half of that is directly funded by the government through innovators, and about half of it is just from the innovators themselves. Every other aspect of clinical trial-related activity seems to be normal. So that's been fine. Actually, there's a lot of interesting strength in the biotech authorization. There's a lot of good things going on there. But we have seen very specific actions, and I suspect that others that do that particular activity in the short term will figure that out. I also believe that ultimately, as the policy people get in place, it's actually good medicine that's actually on some of those studies. So it's just a question of, you know, do they come back and if so, when? So that's how I think about that. It's kind of a one-off. In terms of the academic and government view, the balance of that, in terms of the phase in that machine, we don't guide by end market or that. The way I would just think about it is, you know, customers are putting in their mitigation actions. Would expect that US academic would be relatively soft, the balance of the year. That's what we embedded in our guidance going forward. And that, you know, it could improve based on the appropriations dynamics this summer. We haven't assumed that that creates a tailwind, but I would say we just affect put it in effect right throughout the balance of the year pretty much pro rata in terms of the impact.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great. And then for my follow-up, I just wanted to push on pricing assumptions. You called out just in light of tariffs that you can see some potential pricing offsets there. Can you walk us through your broad pricing assumptions, expectations for this year? How much do you really think you will be able to mitigate? How conservative are you being on those assumptions as well? And then what business days are you expecting more pricing and ability to pass that on through tariffs versus other areas where you maybe take less price in this environment?
Marc Casper: Yeah. I think it's important to note that with thinking appropriate pricing actions, we're not trying to take advantage of a situation, and this is exactly what we've done in prior times and appropriately passing price on. And we're thinking about for the year, we were assuming year, we've had just over a percentage point of price. This is kind of getting to that to close to 2%. So it's not a significant price change. It's just appropriate given we're in an inflationary environment given by what's happening in the change in the world in terms of tariffs. So that's the approach we're taking. We'll do that appropriately across the portfolio. So there's no area of concentration when I think about that pricing implication. Thank you, Rachel.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead, Doug.
Doug Schenkel: Hi. Good morning. Mark, I appreciate your answers to Mike's questions and a few others along the way earlier on, you know, essentially the LRP. And, you know, listen. I think a lot of us on the line, you know, know the history here of, you know, bio innovation and steady academic funding. You know, that said, this seems different. Thus far, assuming that the White House doesn't really mean it, you know, has not been a good policy. It's clearly not a business-friendly environment right now. Major pharmaceutical companies such as Lilly are, you know, publicly talking about reducing the trajectory of R&D and CapEx investment. And then even, you know, beyond these recent developments, you know, the reality is that it's been a tough five years for the group. You know, you and I have been doing this for a long time, Mark, and I we believe in the greatness of this industry and the greatness of Thermo, but, you know, I'll tell you, a lot of the investors I speak with, you know, if you're newer to the industry, but I don't mean just last year, I mean over the last five years, you've never seen tools be a good group. So with all that in mind, I would think you have to at least contemplate a scenario where the market growth rate is structurally lower and, you know, while what we're doing now isn't normal, it may be normal-ish. In that scenario, what do you change? You know, if growth rate's lower, do you actually pick up more share than three points? Do you think about altering the portfolio? And how does that impact M&A? So I want to start there and then I actually want to come back to maybe a more positive question in my follow-up.
Marc Casper: So, Doug, I'm smiling. What I would say is if I look at the last five years, there have been aspects of the greatest that this industry has ever been. In terms of enabling a global response to the most challenging pandemic that any of us have lived through and certainly since 1918. And that was only really regional between US and Europe in terms of the impact. This industry enabled amazing things. So there are some great things that have happened. And in the five years, there's been some of the greatest innovations that have come out of our industry, let alone so that and been incredible overhang from the pandemic that has been extraordinarily painful. Right? So I'm very realistic about the ups and downs, but if I look back at the last five years, it basically says the relevance of this industry to have a very bright future and have really quite small movements up or down on the volumes. Right? I think that shouldn't be lost. And when you think about in a period of really since January 30, lots of new uncertainty. And in the scheme of life, very small changes to the top line. It talks about the resiliency of our company, actually the attractiveness of the industry. Right? And I think that gets lost when, you know, there's not been a lot of headlines that are positive right now on some of these dimensions. But as the largest US player and the largest player in the field, with a policy set of actions that want to make the US stronger, we're gonna benefit from that disproportionately, and that's a good time. Right? And so I see all that. When I think about the long term, I know what the drivers are. If GDP growth or if you take the views that you have or others are saying, that the world's GDP growth is less going forward on a structural basis because of the changes, then the market growth likely will be somewhat less. It'll be much less effective than other parts of the economy. But, yeah, if you believe that the world is just fundamentally gonna grow less, and then you can say that's less business policies, whatever it is. And, yeah, there'll be some sort of changing in growth rates. But if you also say that the US economy is ultimately gonna be better positioned, I have no idea whether or not. If you think the bookcase, then you could actually articulate that. It could actually get better over time. What I do know is Steven and I have lived our careers through transparency. If our views change on the long-term growth of the market, based on the facts as we see them, we will be the first to say it. We're not hanging on to a number. Right? We're not we're just literally putting the numbers that we think are best at this moment in time. We don't look at them every day in terms of long term, but we look at them periodically. And if our views change, our investor will understand it because we're being candid. So hopefully, that's helpful, and I've spent, you know, thirty years in this industry. I've lived through every environment. I'm pumped for the future knowing that a lot of the short term is challenging, and we'll get through that just fine.
Doug Schenkel: Alright. Fantastic. Perks back Mark. Thank you for that. And maybe to kind of build into something that might be a little more positive, relative to the question I asked. You know, some larger pharmaceutical companies and biotechs, you know, I think most recently this week, you know, Roche. But there have been others that started to talk about major build-out of infrastructure in the US. You guys are as close as anybody to your customers. I'm curious what you're seeing in terms of movement towards reshoring in the US and for that matter elsewhere in the world. And, you know, what form do you think this takes for Thermo? You know, if you're starting to hear more about this, where do you think you're gonna benefit most? How quickly can you can this happen? And, you know, is there any chance that you'd be willing to size up this opportunity for you? I know it doesn't happen tomorrow, but it could be a really important growth driver moving forward.
Marc Casper: Yeah. You know, Doug, just to give first question was an important question. The second one is as well. So when I actually think of a new facility gets announced, let's forget about the last couple of months. A new manufacturing facility gets announced, it is a meaningful revenue for us in terms of, you know, helping, you know, many, many, many millions of dollars of equipment, the lab infrastructure, the new consumable supplies, the inventories, but it really is great. I was thinking about a customer last year. Big new facility came online. Huge order, right, in terms of what they do broad-based across bioproduction, bioscience, and so on and so forth. So really quite meaningful. In the dialogue we've had with our customers about new facilities that are being discussed, that is really a nice tailwind. We're in the conversation, and we'll certainly help our customers ramp up their, you know, their capacity. So I think it's a nice tailwind. Don't know how many plants ultimately gonna be built yet, so we'll kind of go one at a time and incorporate it into our guidance as we know it. You know, just given how long it takes to break ground, just really a 2026 and beyond. But super exciting. Operator, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with Jefferies. Tycho, please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Hey. Thanks. Mark, I want to probe into, you know, the pharma services a little bit more. You know, setting aside the $200 million in vaccine cancellation you flagged for PPD, you talked about activity remaining normal, good strength in biotech authorizations. Can you maybe give a little bit more color there? I mean, anything around order growth? Is this mostly share gains from your perspective? Much of this is bundling, you know, with Patheon and the combined offering? And then it sounds like you don't really have concerns over pharma cuts in response to tariffs and in particular around R&D. I just want to make sure that's the case. And then I have one follow-up for Steven.
Marc Casper: So Tycho, given the hour, we'll probably just get to the first one today. But in terms of what's going on in clinical research and sort of how it's performing, actually, you know, the biotech part of the business is quite robust. Accelerated drug development, which we announced, you know, sort of to really go announce it late last year and into this year. Incredibly compelling. And what does it really mean? I was thinking about trying to so how do I visualize this? Right? Our biotech customers outsource this work. Right? Because they are doing one or two studies, whatever it is, or one in one medicine. Right? So you're working with CROs. The capabilities and insights we get from our combined suite of capabilities are truly differentiated, which means that we can be faster and more cost-effective. Whether that's letting a customer know that this trial is not gonna work out, or letting the customer know more quickly that it's gonna work out and maximizing their length of exclusivity. These are super compelling things, and interest level and the wins here are meaningful, and we're very well positioned in terms of the outlook on clinical research. I feel very good about what the outlook is there, and, you know, the vaccine one was just the kind of one-off on the policy changes. What I would also say is that on some of the direction of travel, with the FDA on, you know, experimenting with less animal studies around monoclonals. That would be the if you were wanted to try that out, that's the area where animal models are less relevant. They're trying to modernize, which means anything that the industry has less cost on low-value-added activity means that they'll put money where it's gonna make a difference. So where we play in the human part of the trials, I feel we're very well positioned. Pharmaceutical companies, how they'll respond to tariffs, they're planning, but I don't know ultimately how they're ultimately gonna respond because they're not sure what is gonna get implemented. So as we know that, we're gonna help them navigate it, and we'll figure out ultimately what does it mean for us. So thank you for the question. Let me wrap up with just a quick comment. First, thanks to everyone for joining us. We're pleased to deliver a strong first quarter. And we're very well positioned to deliver differentiated performance as we continue to create value for all of our stakeholders, building an even brighter future for our company. And I hope that you value the transparency that we embedded into our guidance. And we look forward to updating you on our second quarter results in July. And as always, thank you for the support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes today's call, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2024 Fourth Quarter Conference call. My name is Ezra, and I will be your coordinator today. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Rafael Tejada, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Tejada, you may begin the call.
Rafael Tejada: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading News, Events & Presentations until February 13, 2025. A copy of the press release of our fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials. So, before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the companys future expectations, plans and prospects, constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which are on file with the SEC and available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials, SEC filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also, during this call, we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials. So, with that, Ill now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thank you, Raf. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our fourth quarter call. As you saw in our press release, we delivered an excellent finish to 2024 with strong revenue and earnings growth. Our fourth quarter results continue to highlight the strength of our operational and commercial execution. As I reflect on our performance for the full year, I'm very proud of our team as they continue to enable the success of our customers. This resulted in meaningful market share gains and strengthening our trusted partner status with our customers. We are incredibly well positioned for the future. I'll get into more detail later in my remarks, but first, let me recap the financials. Starting with the quarter. Our revenue in Q4 grew 5% year-over-year to $11.4 billion. Our adjusted operating income grew 7% to $2.72 billion. We expanded our adjusted operating margins by 50 basis points to 23.9%. And we delivered strong adjusted EPS performance, growing adjusted EPS 8% to $6.10 per share in the quarter. Then in terms of our full year results, our revenue was $42.9 billion in 2024. Adjusted operating income was $9.71 billion, and adjusted EPS was $21.86 per share. Turning to our performance by end-market. In the fourth quarter, underlying market conditions played out as we expected and continued to improve. Our team's excellent execution resulted in revenue performance that was ahead of our expectations, and we delivered positive revenue growth across all of our end markets. Let me provide you with some additional context. Starting with pharma and biotech, we grew in the mid-single digits in Q4. This marks the fourth quarter in a row of sequential improvement for this customer segment. Performance in the quarter was led by our research and safety market channel, pharma services and bioproduction businesses. For the full year, pharma and biotech declined in the low single digits, which included a mid-single-digit headwind from the runoff of vaccine and therapy related revenue. In academic and government, we grew in the high-single digits during the quarter and in the low-single digits for the full year. In the quarter, we delivered strong growth in chromatography and mass spectrometry and our research and safety market channel. In industrial and applied, we grew in the high-single digits during the quarter and low-single digits for the full year. Growth in the quarter was highlighted by strong performance in our electron microscopy business and in our research and safety market channel. Finally, in diagnostics and healthcare, we grew in the low single-digits during the quarter and declined low-single digits for the full year. As a reminder, the reported growth in this end-market was impacted by the runoff of COVID-19 testing-related revenue. During the quarter and the full year, the team delivered good core revenue growth, highlighted by our transplant diagnostics, immunodiagnostics and our healthcare market channel. Thanks to our proven growth strategy and our team's excellent execution, we delivered a strong finish across all of our end markets, continuing to drive meaningful share gain. As a reminder, our strategy consists of three pillars: high-impact innovation, our trusted partner status with customers and our unparalleled commercial engine. As you know, our growth strategy really resonates with our customers. And throughout the year, we have continuously strengthened our company to be even more relevant for the future. Let me give you some highlights. Starting with the first pillar, we had another really terrific year of high-impact innovation. Throughout 2024, we launched outstanding products across our businesses that strengthen our industry leadership by enabling our customers to advance their important work. In chromatography and mass spectrometry this year, it was highlighted by the launch of our Thermo Scientific Stellar mass spectrometer, which complements our award-winning Thermo Scientific Orbitrap Astral launched in 2023 by validating biomarker candidates of interest to advance clinical research. It's been great to see the significant impact these two mass spectrometers are having on advancing science. We also launched the Thermo Scientific Dionex Inuvion ion chromatography system, which streamlines environmental testing in industrial and applied settings, helping our customers identify contaminants more efficiently. In electron microscopy, we launched the Thermo Scientific Iliad scanning from transmission electron microscope, which integrates a number of advanced analytical technologies into a seamless and user-friendly workflow to enable the development of advanced materials. In our biosciences business, we launched the Applied Biosystems MagMAX sequential DNA, RNA kit, which maximizes the isolation of DNA and RNA from blood cancer samples, helping researchers identify unique insights into cancer-causing genetic alterations. And in bioproduction, we launched the first-of-its-kind bio-based film for our single-use technologies, developed with plant-based material rather than fossil fuel materials, this innovative film provides lower carbon solutions for the production of biologics. We continued this great innovation momentum in the fourth quarter. In chromatography and mass spectrometry, we launched the Thermo Scientific iCAP MX Series ICP-MS, an inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry platform designed to streamline Trace Elemental analysis for environmental, food, industrial and research laboratories. And in Life Science Solutions, we introduced new additions to the Gibco CTS Detachable Dynabeads platform to further enhance the development and manufacturing of life-changing cell therapies. So another year of innovation that was spectacular, and we have an exciting pipeline for the future as well. In 2024, we also continued to strengthen our industry-leading commercial engine and deepen our trusted partner status with customers to accelerate their innovation and enhance their productivity. Throughout the year, we expanded our capabilities to meet our current -- our customers' current and future needs. This included expanding our pharma services and clinical research capabilities in the US and Europe. To be an even stronger partner for our pharma and biotech customers, in the fourth quarter, we introduced our Accelerator Drug Development solution. This truly unique offering leverages our combined CDMO and CRO capabilities to enable our customers to move their critical drug development programs forward with speed, quality and efficiency, helping to improve their return on their R&D investments. This is a huge value-add for our customers and not something they can do alone or with our competitors. Customer feedback has been incredibly positive. We're winning new business, and we're excited about the future impact of our Accelerated Drug Development capabilities. We also made significant advancements in partnerships and collaborations with our customers throughout the year. This included our partnership with the National Cancer Institute on the myeloMATCH precision medicine umbrella trial, which we announced in July. And then the FDA approval for our Ion Torrent Oncomine Dx Target Test, that's another example of our customer partnerships. This is a next-generation sequencing-based assay to be used as a companion diagnostic for serving as first treatment for patients living with glioma, a type of brain cancer. Finally, during the fourth quarter, we entered into a partnership with the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences to establish a Thermo Fisher Scientific Center of Excellence for Proteomics there. These partnerships demonstrate how close we are working with our customers to enable their success and drive meaningful impact for patients. So as you can see, it was another excellent year of advancing our growth strategy. As always, our PPI Business System continued to enable outstanding execution throughout the year. PPI engages and empowers all of our colleagues to find a better way every day. PPI is helping us to drive share gain and improve quality, productivity and customer allegiance. We're also benefiting from the application of generative AI into our PPI Business System. Our colleagues around the world are actively deploying Gen AI, finding new ways to improve the customer experience, streamline internal processes and enhance our products and services. So not only do PPI contribute to our excellent financial results, it's also helping our team to find new ways to enable our customer success, ensuring a very bright future for our company. Turning to capital deployment. We continue to successfully execute our disciplined capital deployment strategy to create tremendous value. We do this through a combination of strategic M&A and substantial return of capital to our shareholders. In 2024, we returned $4.6 billion of capital to our shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends, including repurchasing $1 billion of shares in the fourth quarter. In terms of M&A, during the year, we completed our acquisition of Olink, a leading provider of advanced solutions for proteomics research. Olink is now our Proteomic Science business. The integration is progressing smoothly. And just after quarter-end, our Olink technology was selected by the UK Biobank Pharma Proteomics Project to support the world's largest human proteomic study of its kind, the latest validation of the value of our capabilities. When I think about our disciplined approach to M&A and our unparalleled track record, it's all about long-term value creation for our shareholders. We just celebrated the two-year anniversary of the acquisition of the Binding Site, now our Protein Diagnostics business. This business performed incredibly well again in 2024, delivering low teens growth launching new products and driving a great return on investment. This is a recent example of the impact of our proven capital deployment strategy in action. Let me now give you a brief update on our corporate social responsibility initiatives. As a mission-driven company, we help to make the world a better place by enabling the important work of our customers. We also have a positive impact by supporting our communities and being a good steward of our planet, and are proud of the actions we took in 2024 in this regard. We made meaningful progress on our Net Zero road map by reducing our emissions, increasing the number of our Zero Waste Certified sites and launching new greener products and shipping solutions. We also formed new collaborations to improve health outcomes across the globe, and we were named one of the world's most innovative companies by Fast Company for our significant contributions in diagnostics that help to advance health equity. Additionally, we continue to advance our STEM education programs, reaching more than 180,000 students globally. This helps to ensure we have students engaged in the sciences as, ultimately, they'll become our future customers. As I reflect on the year, I'm very proud of what our team accomplished. We have more than 120,000 passionate colleagues who are dedicated to enabling our customer success and advancing science. Together, we continue to build a bright future for our company, and I'm very excited about the year ahead. So let me now turn to guidance. Stephen will outline the assumptions that factor into the guidance, but let me quickly cover the highlights. In 2025, we will once again deliver strong share gain, and our PPI Business System will enable outstanding execution and we will deliver very strong earnings growth. We're initiating a 2025 revenue guidance in the range of $43.5 billion to $44 billion, which assumes 3% to 4% organic growth. And an adjusted EPS guidance range of $23.10 to $23.50, which represents 6% to 8% growth in adjusted earnings per share. We're in a great position as we enter 2025. I'm incredibly excited by the opportunities we have with our customers and to create value for all of our stakeholders and build an even brighter future for our company. So to summarize our key takeaways for 2024. Our proven growth strategy continued to drive significant share gain. We continued to elevate our trusted partner status and deepen the relationships with many customers. And this, in combination with the power of our PPI Business System, enabled us to deliver an excellent finish to 2024 with differentiated performance for the quarter and the full year. As we enter 2025 with strong momentum, we are well positioned to deliver excellent financial performance and further strengthen our long-term competitive position. With that, I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in our press release, we had an excellent Q4. The team executed well in the quarter and we delivered Q4 financials significantly ahead of what was assumed in the midpoint of our prior guide. We beat Q4 organic growth by just under 2 points, adjusted EPS by $0.14, and we ended the year with very strong free cash flow, delivering $7.3 billion for the year. Looking back on 2024, we had a very successful year. The markets played out as we outlined at the beginning of the year, with growth steadily improving each quarter. Our proven growth strategy drove consistent share gain and the PPI Business System enabled great execution. All of this enabled us to consistently deliver differentiated financial performance throughout the year, all whilst further strengthening our industry leadership. This puts us in a great position to deliver an excellent 2025. Let me now provide you with some additional details on our Q4 and full year 2024 performance. Starting with earnings per share. In the quarter, adjusted EPS grew 8% to $6.10. For the full year, we delivered adjusted EPS of $21.86. GAAP EPS in the quarter was $4.78 and, for the full year, it was $16.53. On the top line, Q4 reported revenue grew 5% year-over-year. The components of our reported revenue change included 4% organic growth, a 1% contribution from acquisitions and a slight headwind from foreign exchange. In Q4, core organic revenue increased 5%. For the full year 2024, reported organic and core organic revenue were all flat year-over-year. In 2024, we delivered $520 million of pandemic-related revenue comprised of approximately $100 million of testing and $420 million from vaccines and therapies. Turning to our organic revenue performance by geography. In Q4, North America grew mid-single digits, Europe grew low single digits, and Asia Pacific grew high single digits, with China growing mid-single digits. For the full year, North America declined low single digits, Europe was flat year-over-year, and Asia Pacific and China within Asia Pacific grew low single digits. With respect to our operational performance, we delivered $2.72 billion of adjusted operating income in the quarter, an increase of 7% year-over-year, and adjusted operating margin was 23.9%, 50 basis points higher than Q4 last year. In the quarter, we delivered strong productivity, reflecting the continued execution of our cost management initiatives, and we drove good volume pull-through. This enabled us to fund strategic investments to further advance our industry leadership and offset the expected impact of unfavorable mix this quarter. For the full year, we delivered $9.71 billion of adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin was 22.6%. Total company gross margin in the quarter was 43.2%, 170 basis points higher than Q4 last year. For the full year, adjusted gross margin was 42.2%, an increase of 100 basis points versus 2023. Moving on to the details of the P&L. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 16.1% of revenue. For the full year, adjusted SG&A was 16.3% of revenue. Total R&D expense was $374 million in Q4. For the full year, R&D expense was $1.39 billion, up 4% year-over-year, reflecting our ongoing investments in high-impact innovation. R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue for the full year was 7.2%. Looking at our results below the line. Our Q4 net interest expense was $89 million, slightly higher than Q4 2023. Net interest expense for the full year was $312 million, a decrease of $183 million year-over-year, driven by effective management of our debt portfolio and our strong cash flow. The adjusted tax rate was 10.9% in Q4 and 10.5% for the full year, in line with our expectations. Average diluted shares were 383 million in Q4, 5 million lower year-over-year, driven by share repurchases net of option dilution. In Q4, we repurchased $1 billion of shares, bringing our total repurchases for 2024 to $4 billion. Turning to free cash flow and the balance sheet. Full year cash flow from operations was $8.7 billion and free cash flow was $7.3 billion, after investing $1.3 billion of net capital expenditures. During 2024, we deployed $7.7 billion of capital, $3.1 billion through M&A with the acquisition of Olink and $4.6 billion through the return of capital to shareholders in the form of $4 billion of buybacks and approximately $600 million of dividends. We ended the quarter with $5.6 billion in cash and short-term investments and $31.3 billion of total debt. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 2.9 times gross debt to adjusted EBITDA and 2.4 times on a net debt basis. In concluding my comments on our total company performance, adjusted ROIC was 11.6%, reflecting the strong returns on investment that we're generating across the company. Now provide some color on the performance of our four business segments, starting with Life Sciences Solutions. Q4 reported revenue in this segment grew 5% and organic revenue growth was 3%. Growth in this segment was driven by our bioproduction and biosciences businesses. For the full year, reported revenue declined 3% and organic revenue was 4% lower versus 2023. Q4 adjusted operating income for Life Sciences Solutions increased 6%, and adjusted operating margin was 36.6%, up 40 basis points versus the prior year quarter. During Q4, we delivered strong productivity and good volume pull-through, which was partially offset by unfavorable mix and strategic investments. For the full year, adjusted operating income increased 2%, and adjusted operating margin was 36.4%, an increase of 210 basis points versus 2023. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue grew 7% and organic revenue growth was 8%. The strong growth in the quarter was led by electron microscopy and chromatography and mass spectrometry businesses. For the full year, both reported revenue and organic revenue grew 3%. In this segment, Q4 adjusted operating income increased 13% and adjusted operating margin was 30.5%, up 170 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we delivered strong productivity and good volume pull-through and had favorable FX. This was partially offset by unfavorable mix and strategic investments. For the full year, adjusted operating income increased 2% and adjusted operating margin was 26.2%, 10 basis points lower than 2023. Turning to Specialty Diagnostics, in Q4, both reported revenue and organic revenue grew 5%. In Q4, growth in this segment was led by transplant diagnostics and immunodiagnostics businesses as well as our healthcare market channel. For the full year, reported revenue increased 2% and organic revenue growth was 3%. Q4 adjusted operating income for Specialty Diagnostics increased 3% and adjusted operating margin was 23.6%, 30 basis points lower than Q4 2023. During the quarter, we delivered good productivity, which is more than offset by strategic investments. For the full year, adjusted operating income was 3% higher than 2023 and adjusted operating margin was 25.7%, an increase of 20 basis points versus the prior year. And finally, in Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment, both reported revenue and organic revenue grew 4% versus the prior year quarter. The runoff of vaccines and therapies revenue had a mid-single-digit impact on the growth in this segment in Q4. This was offset by very good growth in our pharma services business and research and safety market channel. For the full year, reported revenue grew 1% and organic revenue was flat. In this segment, Q4 adjusted operating income increased 3%, and adjusted operating margin was 14%, which is flat to Q4 2023. In the quarter, we delivered strong productivity, which is offset by strategic investments and unfavorable mix. For the full year, adjusted operating income declined 8% and adjusted operating margin was 13.3%, which is 130 basis points lower versus 2023. Turning now to guidance. As Marc outlined, we're initiating a 2025 revenue guidance range of $43.5 billion to $44 billion, and an adjusted EPS guidance range of $23.10 to $23.50. This guidance assumes 3% to 4% organic revenue growth on 1% headwind from the remaining runoff of the pandemic-related revenue and a 1.5% revenue headwind from foreign exchange and approximately 90 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion. All of this will enable a really strong 6% to 8% growth in adjusted EPS. The strength of the guidance reflects our industry-leading position, our proven growth strategy and the power of our PPI Business System. Let me now provide some more detailed context behind the guide, starting with the market growth framing. In 2024, we estimate the industry market growth was down low single digits. In 2025, we expect the market growth will be better than 2024. We expect market growth will be slightly positive for the year, improving as the year progresses. With this market context and a very strong share gain, we expect organic growth for 2025 to be in the range of 3% to 4%. Now as I commented earlier, this includes a 1% headwind from the remainder of the pandemic runoff, largely in our clinical research business. So the underlying total company growth is strong. Turning to FX. Given recent changes in rates, we're assuming there will be a headwind from revenue from FX in 2025 of approximately $650 million or 1.5 points. Putting all this together, our top line guidance assumes a 1.5% to 2.5% increase in reported revenue dollars and a 3% to 4% increase in organic revenue. This is a strong step-up from 2024. Moving on to the bottom line. We expect to deliver a very strong year of adjusted EPS growth in 2025. The cost actions we took over the past couple of years are enabling very accretive pull-through on the incremental dollars of revenue growth, and we will continue to use the PPI Business System to drive productivity and actively manage our cost base. This will enable very strong adjusted operating margin expansion of approximately 90 basis points. Below the line, we're effectively managing our debt and cash positions and taking advantage of great interest rates from cash deposits. And all of this will enable us to deliver adjusted EPS in the range of $23.10 and $23.50, which is a very strong 6% to 8% growth for the year. In terms of potential changes in the macro environment, our guidance is assumed to cover the impact of modest policy changes. And then to help you with your modeling, here are a few additional assumptions behind the guide. We expect approximately $350 million of net interest expense in 2025. We assume that the adjusted income tax rate will be 11.5% in 2025, largely driven by the increased earnings. We're expecting between $1.4 billion and $1.7 billion of net capital expenditures in 2025. And we're assuming free cash flow is in the range of $7 billion to $7.4 billion for the year. In terms of capital deployment, we're assuming $2 billion of share buybacks, which were already completed in January. And we estimate the full year average diluted share count will be between 378 million and 379 million shares. And we're assuming to return approximately $600 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends. And finally, I wanted to touch on phasing for Q1. Embedded in the guidance for the year is an assumption that organic growth is flat in Q1, as is adjusted EPS growth in Q1. This is largely driven by Q1 having two less selling days than the prior year quarter and also phasing of our services revenue within the year. So in conclusion, Q4 capped off a very successful 2024. We expect to continue to manage the company and the opportunities really well in 2025 and a focus on delivering very strong share gains and adjusted EPS growth enabling excellent financial performance. I look forward to updating you on our progress as we go through the year. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Raf.
Rafael Tejada: Operator, we're ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you very much. We will now open the floor for the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Ryskin with Bank of America. Michael, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Michael Ryskin: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I want to start with something that you flagged briefly there in your closing remarks, Stephen. I think you mentioned modest policy changes built into the guide. I just -- I'm wondering if you could expand on that and just broadly talk about guidance methodology going into 2025. It feels like there's a lot more uncertainty even despite where we're coming from the last couple of years, specifically as it relates to policy and government changes, things like tariffs, NIH, export controls announced a couple of weeks ago on some specific product lines. It's still really tough and too early to say how these will play out. So I'm just wondering if you -- how much conservatism you built into the guide, just what are your assumptions on some of these factors? Any additional color you could provide there would be helpful.
Marc Casper: So Mike, thanks for the question. Maybe I'll start with a summary actually of kind of the key points, and then I'll talk a little bit about the -- what's going on from a policy perspective, what we embedded in the guide. So bear with me a little bit. So when I think about 2024, I think the key points are the team executed very well, right? And the performance was quite differentiated financially and really great momentum with our customers. Ultimately, the trusted partner status continues to strengthen and positions the company for a bright future. Fourth quarter was strong, right? 4% organic growth, 8% growth in EPS, adjusted EPS. Market conditions, they improved sequentially throughout the year as we expected. We saw positive growth with our expectation for the market in the fourth quarter and which is what we thought at the beginning of last year. So the predictability is back in our industry, which is great. When I think about 2025, what we're assuming in the guidance is that the market conditions will continue to strengthen as the year progresses. And we're entering the year with good momentum, right? So our focus, especially given that there's always some level of uncertainty or volatility, is to really deliver outstanding EPS growth this year, right? And what we embedded in our guidance is 6% to 8% adjusted EPS growth. And our best view of the market returning positive organically in terms of total and us delivering 3% to 4%. So that's how we thought about it, and we're actively managing the business. So we're very excited about what's the year ahead. Now when I think about policy changes, what's embedded, I think you know deeply our philosophy. Within reason of changes or within reasons of opportunities, we just manage through it. It becomes -- it's our job to manage through the unanticipated changes, unless there is such a magnitude, on the good side or the bad, that we would articulate it, right? So we thought about the environment where, today, there's a lot of ideas being discussed but not really yet materialized into any particular policies. What I'm very excited about is the business environment, particularly in the US, is going to be much more business-friendly with much more of a focus on economic growth. I'm excited that the -- from an M&A perspective, we're likely to see a much more reasonable environment from a regulatory perspective. And when I think about what our company does and what our customers do, science and medicine are unbelievably important, and they're not discretionary. And therefore, we're excited about it, and we'll navigate whatever the environment holds.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. That's helpful, Marc. Thank you. And then for a quick follow-up. In terms of the EPS guide, you're right, better earnings power than we had anticipated, I think most had anticipated. Stephen, I think you said 90 basis points operating margin expansion. That's very strong, especially given the subdued top line environment. So if you could expand on that. And you mentioned some of the cost actions you've taken in the past. But are there incremental cost actions throughout 2025? Sort of what's the contribution from return to volume growth or maybe mix shift? Just any color on that 90 basis points. Thanks.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So Mike, yes, that's the right number. And yes, so really good volume pull-through. So when I think about the cost actions we've taken over the past couple of years as we've kind of wound down from the impact of pandemic, and certain areas of our business have had lower volumes than normal, like they're coming back to more normal volumes and we're making sure that the incremental revenue is pulling through at a really high clip. So great to see that, and that's embedded in the numbers. And then it's not just kind of huge cost initiatives, it's about just managing our P&L appropriately and using the PPI Business System to be able to do that. So driving very strong productivity and good cost management in the top line environment that we're in for the year. So bring that all together, that's what's driving the 90 basis points.
Michael Ryskin: Thanks, Mike.
Stephen Williamson: Thank you so much. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rachel Vatnsdal with JPMorgan. Rachel, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Perfect. Good morning and thank you so much for taking the question. So I wanted to follow up on your answer to Mike's first question around some of the policy changes that we've seen, but specifically to NIH funding. Obviously, we've seen some of the reports the last few weeks around federal funding potentially getting frozen in light of the new administration. So I appreciate that it's early days and we don't know what some of these policies could ultimately look like. But at the same time, you would have to imagine that some of these headlines are driving disruption at your customers. So can you walk us through what have you seen since the new administration turnover in terms of customers' behavior, especially within that academic and government market? And how are you actually expecting NIH funding to play out this year?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Rachel, it's been nine days, so in terms of the environment. So I don't think there's any real insight into what's going on. And obviously, there's actually no policies yet, right? There are different things being explored. And our job is to work collaboratively with the administration, and we have a good working relationship certainly with the President's first administration and educate on the importance of our industry and our customers' work, and help our customers navigate the environment as well. So from my perspective, look at will help our customers navigate whatever it is. When I think about what's embedded in our guidance, I would say for academic and government globally, would be around the company average in terms of what's assumed there, and maybe slightly below that because I think pharma and biotech ultimately will be a little bit better than the company average this year in terms of the end-markets. And when you think about that, about half of our academic and government end-market is in the US and half is in markets around the world. Interestingly enough, we obviously had an incredibly strong finish in academic and government in the fourth quarter. And it was globally strong, right? It was really every market had really a very strong end to the year. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Yes, that is. Thanks for framing that up. To follow up then, I just wanted to ask on Analytical Instrumentation. Obviously, that was a really nice quarter in 4Q. So can you walk us through some of the drivers of that beat? Did you guys see any budget flush trends in the quarter? And was there any benefit from China stimulus in that number? And then when you look at Analytical Instrumentation performance for 2025, what are your assumptions regarding China stimulus contribution? Thank you.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Rachel, thanks. Our instrument business once again had a really very positive year, capped off with 8% organic growth in the fourth quarter, 3% growth for the full year. And that's an environment where China was relatively muted for the full year. And as you know, China is a meaningful contributor to the instruments business across the industry. So the team really doing a great job. So what drives that? It's the steady drumbeat of innovation. That makes a huge difference. And if you think about even in my remarks, I had to really narrow it down, right, in terms of the number of products we launched. And you see on instrument after another, you see many other regions and other products. But we are just on a roll in terms of phenomenal new products, right, whether it's in whether it's in electron microscopy, whether it's in chromatography and mass spectrometry. And also in the environmental type applications with ion chromatography, with ICP-MS. Just really strong and the adoption is great. And that's driving meaningful share gain. And the way that our business works is you have relevant innovation customers because of the importance of the work they're doing, they find the funding, and that's how it showed up. In terms of stimulus in China and how we thought about it, it was actually nice to see revenue. It wasn't huge, but it was nice to see revenue flow in the instruments business in the fourth quarter. Orders were actually stronger in terms of the orders that we received in China on our instruments, and that will obviously ship in 2025. So stimulus started to flow there as well. So hopefully, that gives you a good sense of the momentum in our instruments business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Jack, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan: Thank you and good morning. So Stephen, you talked about the phasing of
Stephen Williamson: Good morning.
Jack Meehan: Good morning. I forget if it was Stephen or Marc, you talked about the phasing of services revenue during the year. So I'll bite, what does the guide assume for PPD clinical research? And can you give us an update, just color on what you're seeing in terms of new authorizations?
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So I'll give the kind of the phasing aspect and Marc will give you some more detail about the businesses, so which are both in the great shape, by the way. So when I think about phasing within the year, I said that in Q1, there's some timing in the phasing there. It's largely the pandemic-related runoff is more pronounced in Q1, given comps from last year. So that's the largest piece of the phasing. There's a little bit of phasing quarter-to-quarter in terms of the overall phasing for our pharma services business, but that's kind of a normal noise. But that's probably the largest driver that I talked about in Q1.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Jack, when I think about the clinical research capabilities that we have, we're a leader and incredible reputation for innovation and quality and performance for our customers. And when you think about that, one of the things that we've been talking a little bit about, I'll try to highlight it more today, was the combination with our pharma services business. And as you know, in pharma services, we're a leading provider of contract development and manufacturing capabilities. We spent over three years looking at the added value of having those both sets of capabilities, the insights you get and the impact that you can have for the customers. And when we launched Accelerator Drug Development, it really is compelling. And what that really is allowing our customers to do is to leverage our expertise and capabilities to improve the returns on investment of their R&D investments, which is everything in the pharmaceutical and biotech industry. So we're excited. When I think about more of the details and I think about clinical research, we delivered low single-digit organic growth last year, right? The team did a good job, a really good job. And that was to basically grow the business despite the very meaningful headwind from the runoff of vaccines and therapies that was in that business. And when I think to the future about 2025, the business is behaving the way that I would think it should, which it's a long cycle business. So you saw for the industry, even with us in low single-digit growth last year, that's below the trend line. The trend line for this business is a high single-digit growth business. It's the result of 2023's biotech environment and 2023 and 2024's pharmaceutical customers actually reprioritizing their portfolios for the IRA. When I look at authorizations, particularly in the back half of 2024, they were very strong for us. And when I look at the commercial pipeline that we have this year and the conversations that our executive team is having with our customers the business actually has a lot of momentum underlying. And if I think about sort of the cycle time of the business, that bodes well towards the end of the year and then during 2026. It feels like the conditions will be more measured this year. That's what's embedded in our guidance, kind of similar to what we saw last year, and then it sets up for great success. So overall, super positive.
Jack Meehan: Awesome. And you're leading me exactly where I want to go next, which is the guide for 2026. Mostly joking, but can you just talk about as you look at the phases of the guide in 2025, what does the exit rate look like in the fourth quarter? And just more broadly, just like confidence about your ability to get back to the LRP targets that you have?
Stephen Williamson: Yes, Jack, I'd be thrilled to talk about 2026 on this call, in a year's time. But I understand that you think about that in how you're thinking about the trajectory of the company. Yes, first of all, we're highly confident we're going to get back to the industry long-term market growth rate of 4% to 6%. It's just a matter of what the timing you actually get to that point. And we've proven the ability to consistently drive share gain above that, so our organic growth will be stronger than markets. And it's great the markets are improving. When I think about what the guide setup this year going from market down a couple of points to being up slightly, that's a continued improvement. And the trajectory we expect that, as I said in my prepared remarks, we expect that to continue to increase as we go through the year. The exact ending point of where market growth will be at the end of the year, we'll see that as we get close towards the end of the year. And as Marc said at the beginning, our job in this period is going through that transition back to normal is to drive really strong adjusted EPS growth. And that's exactly what we're setting out to do here for the year ahead.
Jack Meehan: Awesome. Thanks, Stephen.
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Jack.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Wolfe Research. Doug, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Marc Casper: Doug, you're on mute.
Doug Schenkel: Good morning, guys. Sorry about that. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple of questions on guidance. So the first is on the top line. And I'm just sitting here playing with the model, thinking through the stacks, thinking through the comps, thinking about what you talked about for the first quarter starting rate. That leads me to a question of are you expecting to exit 2025 back in your targeted 7% to 9% organic growth range? I can see where you're at least close to the low end of that. So that's my first question. My second is back to the topic of the 90 basis points of targeted operating margin expansion that is embedded in your guidance. This would be particularly impressive in any period. It's especially notable right now given your revenue growth rate for the year is below your long-term construct. And there has been speculation that you wouldn't be able to get anywhere close to that type of margin expansion with the lower level of growth. So obviously, you expect to do that. So the questions are: one, what's allowing you to do this in 2025? Is this a function of mix? Is it a function of basically the benefit of operating really tightly in a tough environment and starting to come out of it? Is it something else? And then I guess the other part of that is, are there reasons we shouldn't assume a continuation of this type of margin potential as we think about future years where you are getting back into your normalized growth construct? Thank you.
Marc Casper: So thanks for the question. So let me start with context, right? So if I think about the many interactions that I have with investors over many years, but certainly over, let's say, the last six, nine months, a lot of the of the investors have been focused on, and certainly the analyst community as well, what's the momentary change in the trajectory growth rate of the industry, right? And we understand why, because it's an amazing industry with an incredible future and we're in a recovering environment. And one of the things as a management team, as you know, we're very focused on great performance and great execution, is what's going to be most helpful to our shareholders in creating value and creating a bright future. And we're in a recovering market and we're expecting a better year in terms of market environment, better year in organic growth this year. But the thing that we can control is how great is our earnings per share, and that's through the power of our PPI Business System, strong execution, cost discipline. It's not a mix driver or any of those things. As a leadership team, what we're focused on is delivering another very differentiated year and fully focused on the thing that we can control, which is how we drive our revenue down to the bottom line. So it's not the long-term new number, right, but it's the right number for 2025. I think the 40 to 50 basis points of long-term expansion associated with 7% to 9% is an appropriate driver. But this year, that's the way I would think about it. In terms of the 3% to 4%, one thing that we all should just remind ourselves, there's a point of headwind in that number for the final runoff of the pandemic. So our assumption is effectively zero pandemic revenue related this year -- revenue this year. So you can say the normalized growth is getting back to stronger growth, but it's not yet at 7% to 9%, right? You can do the phasing if you're assuming, as Stephen has laid out, a flat start to the year, and we understand that's clearly why. It's not about a market thing, it's kind of the phasing of days and how we see the service revenue specifically laying out. You're going to wind up with something in the strong mid-single digits at the end of the year for us, right? And you can say, well, there's a point of headwind, so you're not quite at the 7% to 9% but you're progressing in a direction that would be encouraging. And we're excited for this year, like this is a big step-up in expectations, and we're going to deliver it versus last year. And the quarter-after-quarter of just better market conditions sets us up for an incredible future.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with Jefferies. Tycho, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. Marc, I want to cover a little more on the accelerator program and really just trying to understand why now is the right time. Synergies for PPD have gone well. So any kind of bogey you can point to in the next couple of years in terms of how you're thinking about synergies? Is this more for small or large customers, more on the CDMO side or CRO side? And has this brought to light any additional kind of service offerings that you might need to bring to these customers?
Marc Casper: So Tycho, thanks for the question. One thing that I've learned and is held deeply ingrained with our customer base, is you don't make promises that you don't have a 100% confidence that you are going to be able to deliver. That's what our customers expect of us. So if you remember back to the announcement of the acquisition of PPD, we talked about the potential to bend the time and cost curve of developing medicines. That was a strategy that we articulated. And then you haven't heard us talk about it really at all for the last three years. Not because we weren't working on it, but because we wouldn't declare that opportunity until we had the proof cases in place, customers actually leveraging the combined capabilities of the company and the confidence that we can have great conversations with our customers to continue to deliver great results for them. The authorizations momentum is very strong in terms of how our customers perceive our capabilities and performance. And customers can pick and choose, right? It's not that they have to buy everything, but rather they can pick the relevant the relevant insights from us and expertise to shave the weeks and months off of the time lines, to be more cost effective and leverage our expertise. And the excitement is very substantial. When I think about -- we're seeing interest and excitement and authorizations and orders, orders being on the pharma services language, what we're seeing is it's faster in biotech because you have a decision-maker that sort of has the whole domain, but we're seeing great interest in large pharma as well. And with large pharma, you typically will pick a molecule, a part of their pipeline and work that way. And biotech, it typically will work across everything they're doing. So it's exciting times, and we're just getting going. So as you know, these are long-cycle businesses. So it takes some time to actually translate the authorizations and orders into revenue, but it bodes really well for the acceleration of growth, certainly in 2026 and beyond.
Tycho Peterson: Great. And then follow-up on China. I didn't actually hear what you're assuming for China growth this year. Assuming your products come off the trade restrictions list, I think last time you were able to get them off, and then I know you don't have as much exposure to volume-based procurement, but how you're thinking about exposure there? And obviously, the headwinds have magnified.
Marc Casper: Yes. So in terms of China, when I think about the year, first of all, 2024, and that's a reasonable framing for the next year, we really had a very a very strong year in very, challenged environment, right? The economy is challenging, the end-market is challenged. Our business in the fourth quarter grew mid-single digits. We grew low single digits for the full year, and clearly gaining market share. So the team has done a good job. Our expectation is that the environment is similar to what we saw last year. Stimulus will be a benefit. And they'll be -- just we're not assuming any recovery from an economic perspective. And that may change, that may be a bad assumption, but we don't see any evidence yet of a real strengthening environment other than stimulus. So we just assume that the conditions will continue to be somewhat muted and similar to last year. In terms of healthcare on value-based procurement and some of the reimbursement things that have been executed, your framing is exactly right, which is very small for us. And because our diagnostic business in China is very much in the specialty area, it's not a large business, and while there's a little bit of a headwind, it's fully embedded in our guidance, and it's not a meaningful number. And so that's how we looked at.
Rafael Tejada: Operator, we have time for one more question?
Operator: Yes. Certainly. Our next question is from Puneet Souda with Leerink Partners. Puneet, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Puneet Souda: Hi, Marc. Thanks for taking my question. I'll wrap my question in one. On the biopharma side and the biotech side, could you elaborate what you're hearing from your larger biopharma large cap customers versus the early emerging biotechs? And another brief question on the therapeutic side. Marc, about 75% of the IND filings to the FDA in 2024 are molecules from China or assets from China, and that number used to be very small in 2023 and practically nothing in 2019. So my question is if more of the drug discovery pivots to China, how do you think Thermo is positioned? What are the implications for Thermo and for the tools industry overall, if you could? Thank you.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Puneet, thanks for the question. So what's -- what I love about January, there's many things I love about January, but is I get to spend an enormous time with our customers, right, both out in the West Coast, where many convene, as well as in Europe. So I've seen quite a number of customers. And if I say what are the themes, if I start with the larger customers, the larger biopharma, really a real change in confidence like really quite positive in terms of how they enter the year feeling like the actions that they've taken over the last couple of years have put their companies in a good spot. Obviously, some companies are benefiting hugely from the GLP-1s and there's great confidence there, obviously, for the impact. And that excites everybody in terms of the ability to have very relevant medicines that can get adopted quickly and help human health. And so actually, it feels to me that large pharma is meaningfully in a better mind space, which will help over time, grow budgets. And when I think about the more of emerging customers, actually, that also was positive, right? And there seems to be a reasonable confidence on funding and partnerships to allow for funding to continue to improve as the year unfolds. And still recovering, but certainly better. In terms of where innovation is, I think, ultimately, what you're seeing as, a few years back, it became really very difficult for a China-based company to serve the global market, you're seeing more licensing deals. There's a huge amount of work that happens in the Western labs after things are licensed. So we're well positioned in China, but we're obviously well positioned globally.
Marc Casper: So thank you for the question. Let me wrap up with just a couple of quick things. First of all, thanks, everyone, for participating in the call today. We entered this year with strong momentum, and we're in a great position to deliver an excellent 2025. As always, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. And we look forward to updating you as the year progresses. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you very much, everyone, for joining us. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2024 Third Quarter Conference Call. My name is Ezra and I will be your coordinator today. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Rafael Tejada, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Tejada, you may begin the call.
Rafael Tejada: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investor section of our website thermofisher.com, under the heading News, Events, and Presentations until November 6, 2024. A copy of the press release of our third quarter 2024 earnings is available in the investor section of our website under the heading financials. So, before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor Statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities and Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which are on file with the SEC and available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials, SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also, during this call, we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our third quarter 2024 earnings and also in the investor section of our website under the heading financials. So with that I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thank you, Raf. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our third-quarter call. As you saw in our press release, we delivered another quarter of strong financial performance. We're seeing the benefit of our trusted partner status, which is resonating strongly with our customers and we're continuing to deliver differentiated performance in the short-term, while further strengthening our long-term competitive position. So first, let me recap the financials. Our revenue in the quarter was $10.6 billion. Our adjusted operating income was $2.36 billion, adjusted operating margin was 22.3% and we delivered another quarter of strong adjusted EPS performance, achieving $5.28 per share. Our performance in the third quarter is allowing us to raise our adjusted EPS guidance once again and continues our track record of delivering differentiated results. Turning to our performance by end market. In the third quarter, underlying market conditions played out as we'd expected and we delivered another quarter of sequential improvement in growth. Let me provide you with some additional context. Starting with pharma and biotech, we declined in the low-single-digits in Q3, including a five point headwind from the runoff of vaccines and therapy revenue. This marks the third quarter in a row of sequential improvement in growth for this customer segment. Performance in the quarter was led by our research and safety market channel and our clinical research business. In academic and government, we grew in the low-single-digits during the quarter. We delivered strong growth in our electron microscopy business and in our research and safety market channel. In industrial and applied, we grew in the low-single-digits during the quarter, highlighted by strong growth in our electron microscopy business. Finally, in diagnostics and healthcare, growth was flat for the quarter. As a reminder, the reported growth in this end market is impacted by the runoff of COVID-19 testing-related revenue. During the quarter, the team delivered good revenue growth in our transplant diagnostics and immunodiagnostics businesses, as well as the healthcare market channel. As I reflect on the end markets, underlying conditions have modestly improved each quarter as the year has progressed. This is in line with the framing we provided as part of the guidance at the beginning of the year. Let me now turn to an update on our growth strategy. As a reminder, our strategy consists of three pillars: high impact innovation; our trusted partner status with customers; and our unparalleled commercial engine. Starting with the first pillar, it was another great quarter of innovation. First, we continue to see the impact of our innovations launched over the past couple of years. It's gratifying that our innovations continue to receive industry recognition. This is a true testament to our teams. Most recently, the R&D 100 Awards, which recognizes the most revolutionary products in science and technology, honor two of our products, our Gibco CTS Detachable Dynabeads, which launched last year, as well as our Thermo Scientific Orbitrap Astral Mass spectrometer, which won gold in the market disruptors special recognition category as one of the most significant advancements in mass spectrometry in 15-years. Adoption of the Orbitrap Astral continues to be incredibly strong. During my customer interactions, I've had the opportunity to hear direct feedback on how significant our continued innovation is in helping our customers move science forward and advance their important work. The second part of innovation is we also had the benefit of a number of high-impact new products this quarter that we launched. To enable the development of advanced materials, we launched the Thermo Scientific Iliad scanning transmission electron microscope, which integrates a number of our advanced analytical technologies into a seamless and user-friendly workflow. This offers researchers deeper insights into the chemical nature of the most sophisticated advanced materials down to the atomic level. The Iliad incorporates our most innovative high-resolution spectrometer to accurately determine the composition of materials, as well as our proprietary energy filter for detailed imaging and chemical analysis of samples. We recently unveiled Iliad at the European Microscopy Conference in Copenhagen, Denmark, and the feedback has been incredibly positive. Turning to innovations in life sciences within our biosciences business, we launched the Applied Biosystems MagMAX Sequential DNA/RNA kit, which maximizes the isolation of DNA and RNA from blood cancer samples, helping researchers identify unique insights of cancer-causing genetic alterations. And we also launched the Invitrogen Vivofectamine Delivery Solutions, a novel method for delivering nucleic acids into multiple targets with therapeutic effect, paving the way for groundbreaking new medicines. Let me give you a quick update on our progress in building on the trusted partner status that we've earned with our customers. Last month at our Investor Day, you heard us highlight this element of our growth strategy and I'd like to bring some additional context to bring it to life. During the quarter, I had the opportunity to meet with many of our customers. As you know, we have an unparalleled customer access and this helps us understand their near and long-term priorities. Our scale, depth of capabilities and accumulated experience is truly resonating with customers as they rely on us to accelerate their innovation, enhance their productivity and advance their important work. This translated into meaningful commercial wins with customers during the quarter, which speaks to the ongoing strength of our growth strategy and our ability to gain share now and in the future. I also visited China in August and spent time meeting with government officials and customers. We have strong relationships there based on our track record of positive impact and our long history in the country. Our conversations were focused on how we can collaborate to enable our customer success. I came away from the visit, seeing firsthand how well-positioned we are to capitalize on the market opportunities when the economy picks up in China. Let me now give you an example from the third quarter and how we advanced customer partnerships and collaborations. In our clinical next-gen sequencing business, we announced our partnership with the National Cancer Institute, myeloMATCH precision medicine umbrella trial. That's going to leverage our next-generation sequencing technology to test patients for specific biomarkers, so they can be matched more quickly with optimal treatments based on their unique cancer profiles. We also continue to expand our capabilities to meet our customers' current and future needs. To enhance our oral solid dose formulation capabilities for our pharma and biotech customers, we expanded our pharma services manufacturing footprint in Cincinnati, Ohio and Bend, Oregon. In our clinical research business, we announced the expansion of our global laboratory services network with a new bioanalytical lab in Gothenburg, Sweden, which will support pharmaceutical and biotech customers with advanced laboratory services to support all phases of development. So it was an excellent quarter of advancing our growth strategy. Let me give you a quick update on the impact of our PPI business system in Q3. PPI is embedded in our culture and there are many examples that I could share from the quarter. As always, our PPI business system and our mission-driven culture enabled our success during the quarter. PPI engages and empowers all of our colleagues to find a better way every day to enable outstanding execution. Ultimately, you see the positive impact of PPI reflected in the strong profitability and cash flow that we delivered in the quarter. During the quarter, we further enhanced our supply chain in Asia-Pacific by optimizing inventory across our network. While in Europe, we further streamlined and automated our manufacturing processes for high-end analytical instruments to meet strong demand. Now let me turn to corporate social responsibility. We have a CSR strategy that delivers competitive advantage. As a mission-driven company, we help to make the world a better place by enabling the important work of our customers. We also create a positive impact by the environment we create for our colleagues, how we support our communities and being a good steward of our planet. Today, I just want to spend a moment on our colleagues, because none of our success is possible without the work of our amazing team around the world. Our colleague safety is always our top priority and the impact of Hurricane Helene was especially concerning to me as we have about 1,000 colleagues in Asheville, North Carolina, one of the hardest hit areas. In Asheville, we manufacture lab equipment and have a customer service center. I'm so grateful our colleagues there are safe. I'm also thankful for the support of our extended teams, who have provided assistance to those colleagues impacted. It's truly heartwarming to see how our team comes together to support each other. Turning now to capital deployment. We continue to successfully execute our disciplined capital deployment strategy to create tremendous value. We do this through a combination of strategic M&A and returning capital to our shareholders. Let me update you on our recent acquisitions. The Binding Site now our protein diagnostics business continues to perform exceptionally well. In the quarter, we achieved an IVDR claim extension in the European Union for our Optilite Freelight MX Kappa Kit. Until now, these kits have been solely used in multiple myeloma diagnostics and monitoring. The extension now allows for the product to aid in the diagnosis of neurological diseases such as multiple sclerosis. This is an excellent example of our M&A approach enabling a great business to be even better under our ownership, creating value for all stakeholders. As a reminder, we closed the acquisition of Olink at the beginning of the quarter. The integration is progressing smoothly. The business is well-positioned for a bright future. As you heard at our Investor Day, we're excited by the role we're playing in advancing proteomics research. As I reflect on the quarter, I'm proud of what our teams accomplished and grateful for their contributions to our success. Let me now turn to our guidance. Given our strong performance in the third quarter, we're raising our adjusted EPS guidance, which we now expect to be in the range of $21.35 to $22.07 and we continue to expect revenue to be in the range of $42.4 billion to $43.3 billion. Stephen will take you through the details in his remarks. So to summarize our key takeaways from Q3, we delivered another strong quarter of financial results driven by our proven growth strategy and PPI business system. We continue to enable our customer success and this reinforces our trusted partner status and industry leadership. Our growth has been steadily increasing as we've gone through 2024 and we once again have raised our adjusted EPS guidance for the year. And we're well-positioned to deliver differentiated performance in 2024 as we continue to create value for all of our stakeholders and build an even brighter future for our company. With that, I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. I'll take you through an overview of our third quarter results for the total company and provide color on our four business segments. And I'll conclude by providing our updated 2024 guidance. Before I get into the details of our financial performance, let me provide you with a high-level view on how the third quarter played out versus what we'd assumed for Q3 in the midpoint of our prior guide. On the top line, both organic revenue growth and core organic revenue growth increased sequentially for the third consecutive quarter. Revenue was largely in line with what we'd assumed for Q3 in the midpoint of our prior guide. Turning to the bottom line, adjusted EPS was $0.06 ahead of what we'd assumed in the prior guide for Q3. That was a net impact of the following: $0.02 of strong operational performance, $0.06 of lower net interest cost due to favorable timing of cash flow generation and more favorable rates than has been assumed. These are partially offset by an additional $0.02 of FX headwind versus the assumption for the quarter. We're also executing well on free cash flow generation. Year-to-date free cash flow is 22% higher than the same period last year. So we had another strong quarter and are well-positioned to deliver differentiated financial performance in 2024. Let me now provide you with some additional details on Q3. Beginning with earnings per share, and in the quarter, adjusted EPS was $5.28, GAAP EPS in the quarter was $4.25. On the top line, Q3 reported revenue, organic revenue and core organic revenue were all flat on a year-over-year basis. In the quarter, pandemic-related revenue was approximately $100 million. This was largely from vaccines and therapies. This represents a 3% headwind to organic revenue growth. Turning to our organic revenue performance by geography. In Q3, North America declined low-single-digits and Europe, Asia-Pacific and China within Asia-Pacific were all flat year-over-year. With respect to our operational performance, we delivered $2.36 billion of adjusted operating income in the quarter and adjusted operating margin was 22.3%, 190 basis points lower than Q3 last year, slightly ahead of our expectations for the quarter. Total company adjusted gross margin in the quarter came in at 41.8%, 20 basis points lower than Q3 last year. In the quarter, we continued to deliver strong productivity, reflecting our continued focus on cost management, this enabled us to fund strategic investments to further advance our industry leadership and partially offset the expected impact of unfavorable mix this quarter. Moving on to the details of the P&L. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 16.2% of revenue. Total R&D expense was $346 million in Q3, reflecting our ongoing investments in high-impact innovation and R&D as a percent of manufacturing revenue was 7.3% in the quarter. Looking at our results below the line, our Q3 net interest expense was $80 million, which is $33 million lower than Q3 2023 due to higher cash balances and short-term investments. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 10.5% and average diluted shares were $384 million in Q3, approximately $4 million lower year-over-year, driven by share repurchases net of option dilution. Turning to free cash flow and the balance sheet. Year-to-date free cash flow from operations was $5.4 billion. Year-to-date free cash flow was $4.5 billion and after investing $880 million of net capital expenditures. During the quarter, we deployed $3.1 billion of capital through the acquisition of Olink. And we ended the quarter with $6.6 billion in cash and short-term investments and $35.3 billion of total debt. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.3 times debt-to-adjusted EBITDA and 2.7 times on a net debt basis. In concluding my comments on our total company performance, adjusted ROIC was 11.4%, reflecting the strong returns on investment that we're generating across the company. Now provide some color on our performance of our four business segments, starting with Life Sciences Solutions. Q3 reported revenue in this segment declined 2% and organic revenue was 4% lower than the prior year quarter. Growth in this segment was driven by the impact of the pandemic. Q3 adjusted operating income for Life Sciences Solutions decreased 3% and adjusted operating margin was 35.4%, down 50 basis points versus the prior year quarter. During Q3, we delivered strong productivity, which was more than offset by unfavorable volume mix, retention costs related to the Olink acquisition and strategic invest. In the Analytical Instruments segment, both reported revenue and organic revenue grew 3% versus the prior year quarter. We continue to deliver very strong growth in our electron microscopy business. In this segment, Q3 adjusted operating income decreased 4% and adjusted operating margin was 24.9%, 180 basis points lower year-over-year. In the quarter, we delivered strong productivity, which is more than offset by unfavorable mix and strategic investments. Turning to our Specialty Diagnostics segment, in Q3, both reported revenue and organic revenue grew 4% versus the prior year quarter. In Q3, we delivered strong growth and are led by our healthcare market channel and our immunodiagnostics and transplant diagnostics businesses. Q3 adjusted operating income for Specialty Diagnostics increased 3% and adjusted operating margin was 25.9%, 20 basis points lower than Q3 2023. And during the quarter, we delivered good productivity, which is more than offset by strategic investments. And finally, in the Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment, both reported revenue and organic revenue were flat versus the prior year quarter. Organic growth in this segment was led by our research and safety market channel. The runoff of vaccines and therapies revenue had a mid-single-digit impact on the growth in this segment in Q3 and this was offset by very good underlying growth in our clinical research and pharma services businesses. And as expected, Q3 adjusted operating income declined 18% and adjusted operating margin was 13.5%, which is 290 basis points slower than Q3 2023. In the quarter, we delivered strong productivity, which is more than offset by the expected unfavorable mix and strategic investments. Turning now to guidance, as Marc outlined, our strong performance in Q3, we're raising our 2024 full-year adjusted EPS guidance. We now expect adjusted EPS to be in the range of $21.35 to $22.07, which is a $0.03 increase at the midpoint. As we've done in the past two quarters, at the midpoint, we banked half of the Q3 beat and maintained the remainder as additional cushions for Q4. Revenue guidance continues to be in the range of $42.4 billion to $43.3 billion and we continue to assume the core organic revenue growth will be in the range of minus 1% to positive 1% for 2024. We also continue to assume that the market declines low-single-digits this year. Our proven growth strategy in PPI Business System execution is once again enabling us to take share. Our updated 2024 guidance continues to assume an adjusted operating income margin between 22.5% and 22.8%. And we now expect net interest cost to be in the range of $340 million to $380 million for the year. So another strong quarter, enabling an increase in the guidance outlook for the year. We remain well-positioned to continue to deliver differentiated performance. So it would be helpful to remind you some of the key underlying assumptions behind the guide that remain unchanged from the previous guidance. In 2024, we're assuming just under $100 million of testing revenue and between $300 million to $400 million of vaccines and therapies related revenue. In total, this represents a year-over-year headwind of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion or 3% of revenue. We continue to expect the adjusted income tax rate will be 10.5% in 2024. And for the year, we're assuming between $1.3 billion and $1.5 billion in net capital expenditures and free cash flow in the range of $6.5 billion to $7 billion. In terms of capital deployment, we're assuming $3 billion of share buybacks, which were already completed in January. We returned $600 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends and in Q3, we deployed $3.1 billion to acquire Olink. Full-year average diluted share count is assumed to be approximately 383 million shares. And finally, as you think about the outlook for the year, you should consider the midpoint of our guidance range as the current view of the most likely outcome for the year. Implied in that midpoint is Q4 revenue of $11.3 billion and adjusted EPS of $5.96. That would reflect 2.5% organic revenue growth for the fourth quarter, which is unchanged from the previous guidance and is a continuation of our sequential increase in growth that we delivered each quarter throughout the year. And as a reminder, Q4 organic revenue growth has the benefit of two extra selling days, which equates to approximately 1% and a headwind from vaccines and therapies of approximately 2.5%. So to conclude, we had another strong quarter and we're well positioned to deliver differentiated performance for all of our stakeholders in 2024. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Raf.
Rafael Tejada: Thank you, Stephen. Operator, we're ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Ryskin with Bank of America. Michael, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Michael Ryskin: Great. Thank you, and thanks for taking the question. Marc, maybe kick things off with you. You talked a number of times during the prepared remarks about some sequential improvement as the year has gone on. And I think the view is that will continue into 4Q and into 2025? It looks like this continues to be a very gradual recovery, just a very slight step up in market conditions as we go through the year. No major changes, no step function change. Do you expect that pace of recovery to continue into the next quarter and into 2025, or do you think there could be an inflection at some point over the next two to four quarters where things accelerate a little bit? I guess, put another way, sort of what's holding the market back from a faster snapback?
Marc Casper: Yes, Mike, thanks for the question. Good morning. So what I thought to do is maybe actually put some framing comments overall, then I'll get to your 2025 question as well. So for the Q&A session today, as I think about the third quarter as we sit here in October and how the year has progressed: first, it was a good quarter. And the market conditions, they've been in line with our expectations and they've been modestly improving as we progress through the year, which is what we expected to happen, so it's good that that's playing out that way. In Q3 for us, organic growth was flat. We were able to offset a three-point headwind from the runoff of COVID-19-related revenues. So it puts it in context of how we're performing. Each quarter, our organic growth has improved as the year has progressed. And I'm really quite excited by the fact that we're expecting the fourth quarter to return to growth organically, which is a good thing. Operationally, we're executing our proven growth strategy. We have strong financial management that's been able to allow us to increase our adjusted EPS guidance each quarter and kind of make all of this a non-event in terms of performance. So all of that is kind of the framing for the discussion today. So when I think about 2025 and I'll kind of -- just kind of boil it all together into sort of how do I think about the year. The first thing is, from our perspective, the best time to provide guidance is on our Q4 2024 call, which is in January. At that point, we're going to have the latest view of the market and the macro conditions and how ultimately we finish the year. And what we're going to approach it as the same as we did in 2024. We're going to give you our best thinking for the year ahead and then execute against it. From my own perspective and personally, I'm excited for 2025, right? And as I think about it in October, the end markets are modestly improving throughout the year. We're excited that in the fourth quarter, we're going to return to growth organically. For us in 2025, what I would say is that it's the final year of the runoff of the pandemic-related activity and while that'll still be a headwind to growth, it's going to be less than it was in 2024. And then I always think about how we're performing, right? And as a company, we're executing well. Our growth strategy is driving share gain. Our PPI Business System enables outstanding execution. We have a disciplined capital deployment strategy that generates returns. Our acquisitions are performing well. And we're going to be well-positioned to deliver differentiated performance once again in 2025. So we'll look forward to updating you on that in January as we have the best view of what the environment is.
Michael Ryskin: Okay, all right. Thanks, I appreciate that. I guess for my follow-up, maybe we'll -- I want to dig a little into pharma and biotech. As a customer group, you talked about low-single-digit decline, and obviously, there's some headwind there from the COVID-19 runoff as well. But any additional color you can give on how that segment's performing, whether between larger pharma or smaller biotech, whether it's between some of the reagent and businesses in biosciences, versus the clinical trial business or the pharma services business, just that's been a focus point for investors, and would love to get some color on that?
Marc Casper: So you're going to get a lot of fan mail from your peers on this call, sort of asking each of all the questions within pharma and biotech. I'll take a high-level shot at it. So first, when I think about the third quarter and how things progressed, you're seeing a sequential improvement, which is good. And when I think about underlying performance, right? We obviously had a mid-single-digit headwind from the pandemic runoff. So you're seeing that the conditions continue to improve. In aggregate, obviously, they're somewhat muted, because they're below the long-term expectations for the market growth, right? So that's nothing surprising where the positives are sort of the data points as we sit here, confidence in biotech is improving, funding in biotech in the industry has been modestly improving as the year progresses. So, it's definitely meaningfully better than it was in 2023. And when I think about the large pharma, in a way, I think it's kind of normal distribution amongst the different companies, some doing extraordinarily well, others adjusting to how their pipelines are performing. And customers have been adjusting to the IRA, and you see that in a more muted growth environment, but we're obviously incredibly well positioned with this customer base and we're clearly delivering differentiated performance relative to others. So the trusted partner status, our unique value proposition, these things resonate. So we feel good about the long-term health of pharma and biotech and how we're performing this year. Thanks, Mike.
Michael Ryskin: Thank you. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Rachel Vatnsdal with JPMorgan. Rachel, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great. Thank you. Thanks for taking the questions, you guys. First up on the CRO, maybe following up on some of your comments there about pharma versus biotech, but really specifically looking at PPD here. Could you give us an update on how much of PPD is indexed to large pharma customers versus biotech? And did you see any differences in trends across the two customer types this quarter within PPD? And then as a follow-up, some of your peers in the CRO sector have started to create some noise around their outlooks on 2025 and what that recovery looks like. So for Thermo, if PPD is more or less, let's call it a mid-single-digit business this year and normal is 8% for PPD, how are you thinking about the pace of recovery for PPD into 2025?
Marc Casper: So, Rachel, thanks for the question. Good morning. When I think about our clinical research business, actually it's performing well. When I think about the business delivered growth in the quarter, it obviously has a meaningful headwind from the runoff of vaccines and therapies of CRO-related activity. So from that perspective, I feel good about how we're doing. Next quarter, I'm going to really spend some time talking about the magic that we're unlocking on the combination between our pharma services and our clinical research business and how that really adds differentiated value for our customers in terms of performance. So I want to focus on that one. We just announced how we talk about that to our customers. We've been doing this for quite some time and it's really been quite spectacular. So our momentum with the customer base is quite good and we're executing well. When I think about the -- our position, we have a slightly larger position serving biotech more broadly than we do serving pharma within clinical research in terms of the mix of the business, but both customer sets are very important. And when I think about some of the highlights, the biotech customers more quickly adopt that unified set of capabilities, because it's easier for them just organizationally to leverage all of pulling everything together one. So you're seeing that in authorizations and momentum, and biotech is particularly moving in the right direction. So that's how we see it. In terms of the 25% and long-term 8%, all of these things, we don't -- as you know, we're going to give our views on '25 next year. And we don't go -- we don't guide down to the business unit performance within the company, but we'll give the puts and takes of what's growing faster and what's growing at the average and what's growing more slowly than the average when we get to the guidance next year.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Understood. And then on my second question, just around Life Science Solutions. So growth was a little softer than what the Street was looking for this quarter for that segment. We've heard from a few of your bioprocessing peers that pointed towards solid trends in 3Q -- so can you unpack for us the performance within that Life Sciences Solutions segment, how did bioproduction versus biosciences and genetic sciences trend in the quarter? And what, if anything, fall below your expectations there?
Marc Casper: Yes, Rachel, thanks for the question, and thank you for the framing of the question. Because actually, the numbers are different than what seems to have been modeled in the analyst models, but actually, the business performed in line with our expectations for the quarter. So when I think about what happened in the quarter, in the third quarter, we had our largest impact of the COVID roll-off in this segment. That's something we knew, something -- that's why it came in line with our expectations relative to the other quarters. Q3 was the most difficult comparison in the COVID-related activities for us. So that probably explains a little bit of the modeling difference. In terms of how our business is performing, bioproduction is certainly the one that gets the most interest because there are a number of companies that are just bioproduction companies that have stocks out there. Actually, the quarter played out as we expected. It was nice to see strong momentum in orders, both sequentially and year-over-year. Revenue continues to progress in the right direction sequentially in terms of growth, and that obviously is going to be less of a headwind going forward and ultimately going to in not-distant future in terms of bioproduction, that's good. The only other commentary I would make on the LSS segment, it's not an enormous business, but our clinical sequencing business is doing really well, right? You see the announcements I talked about. One of them with the National Cancer Institute. You saw after the quarter-end, an announcement from one of our customers in terms of companion diagnostic approved using our sequencing for brain cancer. These are really positives in terms of customers applying our technology to make a huge difference on patient lives and the course of treatment, so that business is doing quite well. Thank you, Rachel.
Operator: Our next question is from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Jack, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning.
Marc Casper: Good morning, Jack.
Jack Meehan: Maybe for Marc, I hate to ask a question about month-by-month dynamics, but can you just talk a little bit more about how the quarter played out? The reason I ask is core organic growth was flat. I think the Street was looking for 1%, so technically missed that. And I always assume there's some conservatism embedded. So I was just curious, like did September fall short for some reason? If so, why? I know you talked about the hurricane, but just any color on kind of how the quarter played out would be great.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Jack, in terms of the growth, it was largely in line with what we expected to happen for the quarter. So from that perspective versus the external models, I always think there's a degree of accuracy between the Street and what we say we try to give as clear as we can on these calls about what our expectations are for the year and the upcoming quarter. And I think Stephen gave some very clear views again this quarter about the next one. So from our perspective, kind of, played out as we thought, in terms of the pacing through the quarter, largely as we expected, I would say, at the very, very end of the quarter, academic and government wasn't quite as strong as you normally would see. But like in the scale of our company, like a $10.5 billion-plus quarter, that's $10 million, $20 million. It's not a big number, but -- so I didn't really jump out any patterns of any significance in terms of how the month played out during the quarter.
Jack Meehan: Got it. Okay, and then for Stephen, on guidance, you still have a $900 million range from the bottom top end. I know you're putting us to the midpoint here, but was there any consideration to narrowing it was the real level of variability in the business?
Stephen Williamson: Yes, Jack. So for simplicity, we kept the range in our guidance from the last time around. And as you said, I encourage you to not overthink it. I'll just focus on the midpoint. That's the kind of current view where we most likely outcome for the quarter as we see it right now. And other than macro events, the largest swing factor for Q4 is likely to be the level of year-end spend by our customers.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Jack.
Jack Meehan: Thank you, Stephen.
Stephen Williamson: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Schenkel with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Doug Schenkel: Alright, thank you and good morning Marc and Stephen. As we sit here nine months, you know, about 10 months into the year with nine months of financials in the books, the portfolio seems to be tracking the plan. That said, there are always puts and takes on what's working better or worse than original target? As we sit here today, what geographies, customer groups, product categories, however you want to frame it, what's tracking ahead of expectation? What's below expectation? And as you think about the next few quarters, would you expect things to normalize back to what you were targeting at the beginning of the year? Or are there seemingly some more durable changes to how things are coming together? I ask not just to look back, but also just as kind of we're thinking about exit rates looking ahead to 2025.
Marc Casper: So Doug, thanks for the question. So if we go back to January and we say -- we had a set of expectations for the year, and those expectations have really played out with an incredible degree of precision so far through the first nine months. First quarter on revenue was a little bit higher. The next two quarters were super tight around what we expected, and we're looking forward to the fourth quarter where we return to growth. And when you unpack the different businesses, there's actually not a lot there in terms of them also performing differently than what we expected. And I'll come back to that with a couple of added things. But -- so it was not like something is meaningfully different than what we thought in January, better or worse. The two things we did talk about, about what we could change the range for this year, was how would biotech perform in terms of funding and what would happen in China, right? And biotech is progressing in the right direction. Funding is improving, confidence is improving. As you know, there's a lag between funding and ultimately how that flows into our industry. So that's encouraging relative to what we saw certainly in the previous couple of years in that dimension. So that kind of helps you think a little bit about market conditions going forward. The second was China. China has not progressed, right? In terms of economic activity has been incredibly muted in terms of the environment. The government did announce two different types of stimulus programs, actually interesting. First, that affect our industry in a positive way, which is around the equipment stimulus and the loan program that they have for their customers or their institutions. And we expect that's largely a 2025 impact and beyond, so that's encouraging. And more recently, they actually announced stimulus programs to spur economic growth and business confidence and consumer confidence that actually would also be helpful for the long-term there. So that one is more on the come, right, because it hasn't -- the words have said, but in terms of the impact as to the economy, it hasn't seen. So that will be a swing factor going forward on how that plays out. And then it turns within our businesses, probably the only thing that I would really call out is it really is awesome to see the adoption of our high-end technologies and analytical insurance, right? It's just -- it's amazing how customers, even though it's obviously its a muted environment in total, right? The industry is declining this year, and that's nothing of a surprise. That business is just getting great adoption for our technologies. And it was one of the cool things we said during the pandemic when we were just really driving great growth, because of our response, we reinvested in R&D, and that reinvestment has really led to differential performance in terms of how our technology has been adopted. So I'd call that out. Is that massively different than what we expected in January? No, but it's great to see, and it's a little bit better than what we expected. And the offsets to that are immaterial across the rest of the company.
Doug Schenkel: Thanks for all that, Marc. I think my follow-up is probably a Stephen question, but obviously, welcome either of you as always to chime in. As I look at our model, I'm reminded that from 2022 to 2024, your core growth would have been about 0% down about 5%, and about flat again this year, year-by-year. So in a period where revenue growth has been challenging, you've actually maintained operating margin at similar levels for two years in a row, assuming you meet guidance this year. So as growth starts to improve slowly, but surely into next year. Is it fair to assume that there could be outsized margin improvement and incremental margin generation, essentially the benefit of strong operating discipline through a challenging period. I guess, I'm just wondering if margin expansion gets back into the LRP range before revenue cash?
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So thanks for the question. So just to frame up how we think about the long-term financials. So for us, long-term 7% to 9% top line growth, which enables 40 basis points to 50 basis points of expansion. So that's kind of how we think about the future. And then you get down to the near-term and could it be slightly higher? I think I've said in the past that certain aspects of our business, where volumes have been more challenged and we've appropriately addressed the cost base, that there's some incremental benefit that can come from the return to volumes in those businesses. So there's an aspect of this that could be slightly higher and as we get into the next year and give guidance in January, we've got to frame up kind of how we think about the world, what's the level of the top line growth. And then what's an appropriate level of margin expansion, which is always a trade-off between making sure we get good profitability for our shareholders and then appropriately investing in the business as we think about going forward. So that kind of frames it up and look forward to getting to the details on the next call. Thanks, Doug.
Doug Schenkel: All right, thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Tycho Peterson with Jefferies. Tyko, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. Marc, wondering if you can just touch a little bit more on some of the drivers in LPS. You talked about, obviously, the channel, the safety and the market channel. But curious, we've heard more about share gains for Fisher. So I'm curious if you can kind of comment on that dynamic? And then you didn't call out PPD and Patheon within your comments specifically on that. I'm just wondering if they were actually up in the quarter.
Marc Casper: You want to start, Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Yes, Tycho. So in my prepared remarks, I did talk about the dynamic where when you think about the underlying growth in both pharma services and clinical research, that offset the significant pandemic headwinds. So from an organic growth standpoint, that's kind of a net neutral. But when I think about what the underlying growth is there, it's strong. Marc, in terms of color...
Marc Casper: No, the channel is doing really well. Actually, both the health care market channel and the research and safety market channel continue to do well. They're delivering nice growth and actually winning some really nice customers, which bodes well for the future. So part of the commentary that I talked about, customer wins and those things in my remarks, really a number of our businesses. But in those comments are really around large wins and channel clearly had some nice ones during the quarter, which doesn't show up at all in revenue in the quarter that you win them, but over the coming quarters ahead, it really is quite a positive.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then I guess a follow-up just on the margins for the lab products and services. Obviously, you had the vaccine and therapy runoff. Is there anything you're willing to comment around price in this environment, the ability to potentially take more? Or are you getting more -- try to grab more CRO and CDMO work? And then how are you also thinking about capacity expansion for Patheon? Obviously, we saw Novo offload one of the Catalent facilities in Europe. I'm just curious how you're thinking about as more capacity comes to market, both from Novo and Catalent, but also Wuxi uptick, how interesting that might be for you.
Marc Casper: You want to talk about price in aggregate
Stephen Williamson: Yes, price in aggregate for the company, we're just over 1% of price for the quarter. So still ahead of the kind of the normal run rate that we see as kind of 0.5% to 1% price on a net basis across the whole company. So a trend that's similar to what we've seen in the further first 3 quarters of the year, it's been consistent.
Marc Casper: Yes, I'd say probably the pricing environment is back to normal. It's a good industry. Price goes up modestly each year. You have the dynamic inflation where price went up certainly more than what is usual and we're kind of back to the normal dynamic. In terms of our pharma services business, capacity expansions, as everyone knows, we've expanded our investments in sterile fill/finish capacity and have a number of lines that are coming online, if you will, during the course of 2025 and 2026 to support customer demand. So that's positive. That does put pressure on margins in the short term, because there's costs in training and getting the kind of the qualification process for the facilities. But certainly, as we get through 2025, you'll see higher levels of utilization on that capacity to support the strong growth in sterile fill/finish. And so that's the dynamic there. As I announced in my remarks, because of the specific capabilities of interest in oral solid dose, which is not our biggest part of our offering in drug products. We did do some capacity expansions in Bend, Oregon and Cincinnati, Ohio to meet the customer demand, which is good on the development side of the equation. So that's the dynamic there.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, thank you.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Tycho.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs. Matt, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Matt Sykes: [Technical Difficulty] analytical Instrument segment, you've shown pretty consistent growth in what has been, I would call, a challenging environment. I know that Astral and microscopy have been big drivers of that. If you strip those two out and just look at the rest of your instrument categories, could you maybe talk about what demand looks like from them in those interesting categories from the biopharma side as well as other customers? And do you sense any kind of replacement cycle kicking in for some of those instruments as we move to '25? Just any thoughts on that would be great?
Marc Casper: Yes, Matt, thanks for the question. So when I think about analytical instruments, we had 3% organic growth in the quarter playing out as we expected. Obviously, innovation really matters. For us, we've been able to launch a number of products that have been adopted. Actually on the high-end, we talk about Iliad in this particular quarter, that bodes well to continue to drive momentum in electron microscopy obviously, Astral has done very well as you noted. Stellar, which we launched last quarter, the early interest is quite strong. So those things are going well. Innuvion, which is non- chromatography more of a midrange technology, very important in that particular category of chromatography, incredibly strong demand. So our innovation has been well adopted. When you take out all of those things, you just kind of say the routine capital equipment aspects of instruments, actually pretty muted conditions, right? Nothing is surprising. When we talk about for the full-year for the whole company, to have market down in the low-single-digits, you would expect capital equipment to have you the conditions they are. And a big driver of that, obviously, is China, which is, in instrument businesses for the whole industry, is a large portion of demand and obviously that market is most challenged. So exactly where we are in the replacement cycle for those things, I think it really varies by customer, by product type and all of that. And we didn't see any particular pattern that jumped out to indicate any change in trajectory.
Matt Sykes: Got it. Thanks. And then, Stephen, just a modeling question for you. Just the implied Q4 operating margin looks like over 100 basis point step-up to get to that full-year guide? I understand there's a return to growth expectation on the top line, some probably some gross margin leverage. Is there anything on the cost saving guides or mix that we should be aware of driving that step up in margins for the Q4?
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So for Q4, the kind of the midpoint of that guide is a 50 basis points increase year-over-year for the quarter, and that's in line with when I think about the margin profile. It's really the step-up in the level of revenue and the kind of the seasonality to our revenue profile. So it logically makes sense and look at it sequentially in terms of the change.
Matt Sykes: Okay, thank you.
Stephen Williamson: Great. Thanks, Matt.
Rafael Tejada: Operator, we will take one more question.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Brennan with TD Cowen. Dan, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thanks. Thanks for the questions. Great. Maybe, Marc, just on pharma R&D, headlines have been mixed, but we just looked at like a global analysis of R&D trends. And then actually they look pretty good for large pharma, up nearly 8%, and kind of global pharma, up like mid-5s? So I'm just wondering, like trying to square the circle with kind of the weaker end market growth that you're kind of base your guide on and maybe why we're not seeing what appears to be a decent level of R&D growth, you're not translating into better revenues. Like has anything changed? Maybe is there more dollars going to service? Inflation? Or just in terms of the traditional amount of dollars that your business would see from R&D, is anything kind of different this time?
Stephen Williamson: Yes. I think one element is significant investment by our customers in AI. Unfortunately not on medical instruments. But when I think about generative AI and where the spending on technology, there's a significant piece to that, what you need to factor that in the guide.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Dan, probably when we think about pharma and biotech, right, it covers the full spectrum of activity. And one of the things that's within that is on production, you have the headwinds across the industry of bioproduction, right? So there's not like an R&D specific call out that you can derive from the numbers. We all understand the runoff on the pandemic is largely in the clinical research side and largely in the bioproduction and pharma services side. So that's a little bit of what's muting the growth in total for our industry. In terms of the dialogue that I've had with customers and sort of what's the tone? People are super excited about the pipeline, right? Whether it's the fact of the GLP-1s and the scale of a high-impact medicine that it just really is getting people excited. But there's really interesting work going on, on Alzheimer's, which is fantastic. And you've seen some interesting approvals in other neurological diseases that there's just a lot of excitement about pipelines and opportunities. And so I believe that the data you're quoting about the R&D investment is looking good, it reflects that customers have optimism for the future. And ultimately, that's going to translate into our space. So which is why we're so confident about the long-term prospects for our industry.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thanks for that. And then maybe just one follow-up on China. A few peers have discussed that they're seeing a pause in instrument spending ahead of the stimulus next year. I think you mentioned in a prior question, how like China instrument demand is kind of a weaker spot. Any color there? And as the stimulus comes through, is this going to be a meaningful lift for you guys in '25? Or do you think it will be more modest? Thanks a lot.
Marc Casper: Dan, thanks. So when I think about China and I think about stimulus, certainly a discussion I had when I was meeting with government officials and certainly with customers as well, really, activity has been around applying for the funding, right, and going through that process. So there's quite a bit of that activity. So I'm not sure that trade is something else off, but it might have. Like I don't know, like, none of the customers specifically mentioned it, but I didn't ask the question that way. I was much more interested about how are they tapping into the available new funds and how are they thinking about it, and there seems to be optimism and enthusiasm for the upcoming investments. So I think stimulus will be a 2025 activity, maybe a little bit in Q4, probably not all that significant, but -- so that's how I think about what's going on in China. The other thing from the China trip that I came away with -- and obviously, I knew it going in, but we are incredibly well positioned in the country. I mean we have deep relationships with our customers, very strong earned relationships with government. Being a scale player for 40-years in the country and supporting their response to the pandemic, various crises in the past, just a good local participant to help society out there, we benefit from that. And we're well positioned to help our customers, and we have great discussions about customer dialogue with where can we collaborate, and how can we help them, have the Chinese population be healthier through our technology business. So I think as the economy improves there, we're going to be well positioned to capitalize on that. So thank you for the questions today. Let me just make a quick closing comment. And it's good to have another strong quarter behind us. And we're very well positioned to deliver differentiated performance into 2024 as we continue to create value for all of our stakeholders and to build an even brighter future for our company. We look forward to updating you on our fourth quarter and full year performance in our January call. And as always, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you very much, everyone, for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2024 Second Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Rafael Tejada, Vice President Investor Relations. Mr. Tejada, you may begin the call.
Rafael Tejada: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investor section of our website thermofisher.com, under the heading News, Events, and Presentations until August 7, 2024. A copy of the press release of our second quarter 2024 earnings is available in the investor section of our website under the heading financials. So, before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor Statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities and Livigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which are on file with the SEC and available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials, SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also, during this call, we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our second quarter 2024 earnings and also in the investor section of our website under the heading financials. So with that I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Raf, thank you. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us today for our second quarter call. As you saw in our press release, we had great results for the quarter. We're making excellent progress to deliver differentiated results for the year. I'm proud of our team as they executed at a very high level to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner, and safer. This continued success is a result of our proven growth strategy and our PPI business system. So first, let me recap the financials. Our revenue in the quarter was $10.54 billion. Our adjusted operating income was $2.35 billion. Adjusted operating margin increased in Q2 to 22.3%. And we delivered another quarter of strong adjusted EPS performance, achieving a 4% increase year-over-year to $5.37 per share. Our performance in the second quarter is allowing us to raise our guidance once again and continue our track record of delivering differentiated results. Turning to our performance by end market, in the second quarter, underlying mark conditions played out as we'd expected. Our team's excellent execution drove share gain in the quarter, and we delivered a sequential improvement in growth in all four of our end markets. Let me provide you with some additional context. Starting with pharma and biotech, we declined in the low-single-digits for the quarter. The vaccine and therapy revenue runoff resulted in a 4 point headwind for this customer segment. Performance in the second quarter was led by our biosciences and clinical research businesses. In academic and government and in industrial and applied, we grew in the low-single-digits during the quarter. In both these end markets, we delivered strong growth in our electron microscopy business. Finally, in diagnostics and healthcare, we declined in the low-single-digits. As a reminder, the reported growth in this end market is impacted by the runoff of COVID-19 testing-related revenue. During the quarter, the team delivered good core revenue growth highlighted by our transplant diagnostic and immunodiagnostics businesses, as well as our healthcare market channel. As I reflect on our performance during the quarter and on a year-to-day basis, I feel very good about the progress we've made at the halfway point of the year. Our end markets are playing out as we expected, and our team's execution has been excellent. I'll now turn to an update on our growth strategy. As a reminder, our strategy consists of three pillars. High impact innovation; our trusted partner status with customers; and our unparalleled commercial engine. Starting with the first pillar, it was a fantastic quarter of innovation as we launched a number of high impact new products across our businesses. I'll begin with the new technologies we launched at the American Society for Mass Spectrometry Conference, further strengthening our industry leading position in analytical instruments. At the conference, we introduced the Thermo Scientific Stellar Mass Spectrometer, which extends our leadership in proteomics. The Thermo Scientific Stellar is used to validate biomarker candidates. It offers unprecedented analytical capabilities for targeted quantitation, enabling the insights needed by researchers to advance their work. It's a perfect complement to our groundbreaking Thermo Scientific Orbitrap Astral, used for protein discovery that we launched last year. It was incredibly exciting to hear the customer testimonials sharing the power of the Orbitrap Astral. To-date, we've had more than 40 publications that incorporated the impact of this breakthrough, and we're really just getting started. Also at ASMS, we launched three new build-for-purpose editions of the Thermo Scientific Orbitrap Ascend Tribrid Mass Spectrometer tailored to specific applications for MultiOmics, Structural Biology and BioPharma. These instruments continue to elevate our industry-leading Thermo Scientific Orbitrap portfolio by offering enhanced speed and sensitivity to detect and characterize the most difficult protein samples, including complex biologics. This quarter we also launched products to help our customers meet their own sustainability goals. In our bioproduction business, we introduced a first of its kind bio-based film for our single-use technologies. These new bioprocess containers use plant-based material rather than fossil fuel materials to provide lower carbon solutions for the manufacturer of biologics. And in our laboratory products business, we launched a new line of Energy Star certified Thermo Scientific TSX universal series ULT freezers that deliver industry-leading performance and energy efficiency to help labs meet their sustainability goals. Turning to the highlights of our second and third pillars of our growth strategy, during the quarter we continue to strengthen our industry-leading commercial engine and the trusted partner status we've learned with our customers. Our customers rely on us to help accelerate their innovation, increase their productivity, and advance their important work. I spent a lot of time connecting with customers to understand their near and long-term priorities, so that we can enable their success. As a result of these unique relationships, we continue to advance our capabilities to be an even stronger partner for our customers. Let me give you a couple of examples from the second quarter. We expanded our leading clinical trial supply services with a new ultra-cold facility in Bleiswijk in the Netherlands to offer pharma and biotech customers tailored end-to-end support throughout the clinical supply chain for high-value therapies, including cell and gene therapies, biologics, antibodies, and vaccines. We also opened a state-of-the-art innovation lab at our site in Center Valley, Pennsylvania to showcase our innovative solutions for global clinical trial supply, including new packaging solutions, real-time tracking and tracing, and enhanced clinical trial setup and planning. In addition, we advance partnerships and collaborations with our customers during the quarter. Let me give you a couple of examples in the Asia Pacific region. To support Indonesia's growing investments in healthcare, scientific research, and renewable energy, we further expanded our presence and capabilities in the country. We are collaborating with the National Battery Research Institute to advance battery technology and energy storage, as well as with the Mandaya Hospital Group to help advance stem cell research and cell therapy development. In Singapore, we announced a collaboration with the National University Hospital in Mirxes, a local RNA technology company to develop and clinically validate advanced next generation sequencing genomic testing solutions specifically made to address the needs of the Southeast Asian population. So another strong quarter of executing our growth strategy. Let me now turn to our PPI business system, which enabled excellent execution during the quarter. PPI engages and empowers all of our colleagues to find a better way every day. During the quarter, I had the opportunity to see the PPI efforts to further improve manufacturing of our lab equipment products, and I came away incredibly impressed with the progress to drive operational efficiency in this business. It's also great to see how PPI has been adopted in our clinical research business where it is driving meaningful improvements in our efficiency and customer allegiance. Ultimately, you see the positive impact of our PPI business system and our Q2 results reflected in strong profitability and cashflow that we delivered in the quarter. We also advanced our corporate social responsibility priorities during the quarter. As a mission driven company, we helped to make the world a better place by enabling the important work of our customers. We also create a positive impact by supporting our communities and being a good steward of our planet. We continue to make progress on our environmental sustainability roadmap in Q2. As part of our commitment to safeguarding the world's natural resources, we have set targets for 2025, which include zero waste certification for 30 manufacturing and warehouse sites. During the quarter, three more of our sites achieve zero waste certification, and we're on track to achieve our goals. You can learn much more about our progress in our 2023 Corporate Social Responsibility Report, which was published during the quarter. The report provides a transparent account of our journey as we fulfill our commitments to society and all of our stakeholders. Let me now give you an update on capital deployment. We continue to successfully execute our disciplined capital deployment strategy, which is a combination of strategic M&A and returning capital to our shareholders. Shortly after the quarter ended, we completed our acquisition of Olink, and it was great to welcome our new colleagues to the company earlier this month. As you know, Olink is a leading provider of next generation proteomic solutions. The addition of Olinks proven and transformative technology is highly complementary to our industry leading mass spectrometers. Olink further advances our leadership as it is a great addition to our differentiated protein research ecosystem. Our world-class commercial engine will enable us to bring this technology to scientists around the world. By increasing the use of next-gen proteomics and providing industry-leading data quality at scale, excuse me, data quality at scale, we're in a great position to further enhance the understanding of human biology and meaningfully accelerate scientific breakthroughs. So as I reflect on the quarter, I'm proud of what our team accomplished and grateful to their contributions for our success. Let me now turn to our guidance. Given our strong performance in the second quarter, we're raising our 2024 guidance. We now expect revenue to be in the range of $42.4 billion to $43.3 billion and adjusted EPS to be in the range of $21.29 to $22.07 per share. Stephen will take you through the details in his remarks. So to summarize our key takeaways from Q2, we delivered another quarter of strong results driven by our proven growth strategy and PPI business system. We continue to enable our customer success and this reinforces our trusted partner status and industry leadership. Our strong results in Q2 allowed us to raise our guidance again for the year. We're well positioned to deliver differentiated performance in 2024 as we continue to create value for all of our stakeholders and build an even brighter future for our company. With that, I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Mark and good morning, everyone. I'll take you through an overview of our second quarter results for the total company, then provide color on our four business segments. And I'll conclude by providing our updated 2024 guidance. Before I get into the details of our financial performance, let me provide you with a high level view on how the second quarter played out versus our expectations at the time of our last earnings call. As Mark mentioned in the quarter, market conditions were as we'd expected, yet another quarter of excellent execution, and this enabled us to deliver Q2 financials ahead of what we'd assumed in our prior guidance. Starting with the top line, core organic revenue growth was a little over 0.5 percentage point ahead of what we'd assumed in the prior guide for Q2. That translates to approximately $60 million of revenue, which is partially offset by slightly higher FX revenue headwind. Turning to the bottom line, adjusted EPS was $0.25 ahead of what we'd assumed in the prior guide for Q2. $0.08 was from strong operational performance; $0.06 cents was from favorable effects and timing of discrete tax planning benefits within the year; and $0.11 was from the beat -- was from lower net interest expense. In my prior guidance I took a prudent approach to the Olink transaction from a financing cost standpoint. We're also executing well on free cash flow generation. The year-to-date free cash flow is 68% higher than the same period last year. So we're continuing to deliver strong performance and we're well positioned at the halfway point of the year. Let me now provide you with some additional details on Q2. Beginning with the earnings per share. In the quarter adjusted EPS grew by 4% to $5.37. GAAP EPS in the quarter was $4.04, up 15% from Q2 last year. On the top line, in Q2 reported revenue was 1% lower year-over-year. The components of our Q2 report of revenue change included 1% lower organic revenue, a 1% headwind from foreign exchange, and a slight contribution from acquisitions. We delivered another strong sequential improvement in core organic revenue growth this quarter. And in Q2, core organic revenue growth rounded up to flat on a year-over-year basis. In the quarter, pandemic-related revenue was approximately $115 million, this was mainly from vaccines and therapies. This represents a 3% headwind to organic revenue growth. Turning to our organic revenue performance by geography, in Q2 North America declined mid-single-digits, Europe grew low-single-digits, and Asia Pacific grew mid-single-digits, which includes China, which also grew mid-single-digits. With respect to our operational performance, we delivered $2.3 billion of adjusted operating income in the quarter, and adjusted operating margin was 22.3%, 10 basis points higher than Q2 last year and 30 basis points higher than Q1 2024. Total company adjusted gross margin in the quarter came in at 42.1%, 110 basis points higher than Q2 last year. In the quarter, we continue to deliver very strong productivity, reflecting our continued focus on cost management, as well as the carryover benefit from the cost actions put in place last year. This enabled us to more than offset the impact of low volumes, while appropriately funding investments to further advance our industry leadership. Moving on to the details of P&L, adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 16.6% of revenue. Total R&D expense was $340 million in Q2, reflecting our ongoing investments in high impact innovation. R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue was 7.1% in the quarter. Looking at results below the line, our Q2 net interest expense was $59 million, which is $89 million lower than Q2 2023, due to higher cash and investment balances. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 10%. And average diluted shares were 383 million in Q2, approximately 5 million lower year-over-year, driven by share repurchases net of option dilution. Turning to free cash flow and the balance sheet, year-to-date cash flow from operations was $3.2 billion. Year-to-date free cash flow was $2.6 billion after investing $630 million of net capital expenditures. We enter the quarter with $8.8 billion in cash and short-term investments and $35.4 billion of total debt. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.3 times gross debt to adjusted EBITDA and 2.5 times on a net debt basis. Including my comments on our total company performance suggested ROIC was 11.8%, reflecting the strong returns on investment that we're generating across the company. Now provide some color on our performance of our four business segments, starting with life sciences solutions. Q2 reported revenue in the segment declined 4% and organic revenue was 3% lower than the prior year quarter. Growth in this segment was led by a biosciences business that was more than offset by the impact of the pandemic. Q2 adjusted operating income for life science solutions increased 6% and adjusted operating margin was 36.7%, up 350 basis points versus the prior year quarter. During Q2, we delivered exceptionally strong productivity, which was partially upset by unfavorable volume pull through. The team continued to do an excellent job to appropriately manage the cost base and deal with the unwind of the pandemic. In the analytical instrument segment, reported revenue grew 2% and organic growth was 3% higher than the prior year quarter. We continue to deliver a very strong growth in our electron microscopy business. In this segment, Q2 adjusted operating income increased 1% and adjusted operating margin was 24.6%, 10 basis points lower year-over-year. In the quarter, we delivered strong productivity, which is more than offset by unfavorable mix and strategic investments. Turning to specialty diagnostics, in Q2 both reported and organic revenue were 1% higher than the prior year quarter. In Q2, we continued to see strong underlying growth in the core, led by our transplant diagnostics and immunodiagnostic businesses, as well as in our healthcare market channel. Q2 adjusted operating income for specialty diagnostics increased 1% and adjusted operating margin was 26.7%, which was flat, compared to Q2 2023. During the quarter, we delivered good productivity, which was offset by strategic investment. And finally, in the Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment, both reported revenue and organic growth decreased 1% in Q2 versus the prior year quarter. This is driven by the runoff of vaccines and therapies revenue. Growth in this segment in Q2 was led by a clinical research business. Q2 adjusted operating income declined 10% and adjusted operating margin was 12.9%, which is 120 basis points lower than Q2 2023, flat sequentially to Q1 2024. In the quarter, we delivered strong productivity, which is more than offset by unfavorable volume mix and strategic investments. Turning now to guidance, as Mark outlined, given our strong performance in Q2, we're raising our 2024 full-year guidance. We now expect revenue to be in the range of $42.4 billion to $43.3 billion, and adjusted EPS to be in the range of $21.29 to $22.07. The improved revenue guidance does not change the core organic revenue growth rounding for the year, so we still continue to assume core organic revenue growth will be in the range of minus 1% to positive 1% for 2024. And we continue to assume that the market declines low-single-digits this year. Our proven growth strategy and PPI business system execution will enable us to continue to take share once again. Our 2024 updated guidance range assumes an adjusted operating income margin between 22.5% and 22.8%, slightly higher than the prior guide. Our PPI business system is continuing to enable excellent execution, manage costs appropriately and fund the right long-term investments to enable us to further advance our industry leadership. We now expect net interest costs to be in the range of $380 million to $400 million for the year. And the raise to our adjusted EPS guidance range reflects a $0.15 increase on the low end and a $0.05 increase on the high end, which results in an increase in the midpoint by $0.10. So another strong quarter of execution, enabling an increase in the guidance outlook for the year, we remain really well positioned to continue to deliver differentiated performance. I thought it would be helpful to remind you of some of the key underlying assumptions behind the guide that remain unchanged from the previous guidance. In 2024, we're assuming just under $100 million of testing revenue and $300 million to $400 million of vaccines and therapies related revenues. In total, this represents a year-over-year headwind of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion, or 3% of revenue. We assume that FX would be roughly neutral year-over-year to both revenue and adjusted EPS, and we're assuming that the $0.03 FX adjusted EPS beat that we saw in Q2 is offset for the remainder of the year, leading to no change for the year as a whole for FX versus the prior guidance. We continue to expect adjusted income tax rate will be 10.5% in 2024, and for the year we're assuming between $1.3 billion and $1.5 billion in net capital expenditures and free cash flow in the range of $6.5 billion to $7 billion. In terms of capital deployment, we're assuming $3 billion of share buybacks, which were already completed in January. Expect to return approximately $600 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends and we deployed $3.1 billion to acquire Olink shortly after the Q2 close. Full-year average diluted share count is assumed to be approximately 383 million shares. Finally, I wanted to touch on quarterly phasing to help you with your modeling. Relative to the midpoint of the guide, I recommend modeling Q3 organic revenue growth 1% higher than we delivered in Q2. Also good to model core organic revenue growth in Q3 1% higher than we delivered in Q2. And in terms of adjusted EPS in Q3, I recommend modeling it to be just over 24% of the full-year. So to conclude, we continue to deliver on our commitments. And at the halfway point, we're in a great position to deliver differentiated performance for all our stakeholders in 2024. With that I'll turn the call back over to Raf.
Rafael Tejada: Operator, we're ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Michael Ryskin with Bank of America. Michael, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Michael Ryskin: Great. Thanks for taking the questions, guys. Congrats on the quarter. Marc, a high-level one for you to start off maybe, at our Vegas Health Care Conference in May, you made some initial comments about 2025 market expectations. And you said that you expect the tools market next year would be just below the 4 to 6 level it has historically been. Just given the way the year is playing out, how you're exiting 2024, entering 2025. It's been a couple months since then. You've got hopefully a clearer view of how 2024 is going to play out. So given where you sit now, do you have more confidence in that 2025 market assumption and maybe how Thermal can deliver differentiated performance above that?
Marc Casper: Mike, thanks for the question. It was a pleasure to be in with you earlier in the quarter. So let me start actually one level off. Just kind of frame a few of my general thoughts and I'll talk about 2025. So when I think about Q2, team executed really well, really good financial performance. It was ahead of our expectations. It allowed us to raise our guidance. The other aspect of the performance is the actual performance as opposed to relative to expectations. Clearly very differentiated and very strong. It was good to see that core has now elevated to it's now flat, which is great. 4% adjusted EPS growth and expansion of margins. So I feel very good about the performance and when I think about the market they were in line with our expectations, so it's good to see the visibility that we've enjoyed for decades, as returned in terms of how the market's playing out. And when I think about our own performance within the markets, it was good to see that all four of our markets, we had sequential improvement in our growth across all four. So really very positive development. PPI business system is really delivering outstanding impact and ultimately feel good about the performance. Capital deployment has been active and good. We've deployed over $6 billion of capital through the first-half of the year, half of it on return of capital and half of it on a very exciting acquisition of Olink, and we're very well positioned at this point to deliver strong results. When I think about 2025, I think the way I would just think about it is we're going give you that in January of 2025. When we have the benefit of the year behind us and we're focused on delivering a great year, we'll be able to give you a view of not only our performance, but how we saw the underlying market conditions. The year is progressing as we expected, so we expect that the market will continue to improve modestly in the back half of the year, each quarter being a little better than the quarter before and that our performance will also continue to step up and that will give us momentum going at 25 in the details. We'll give you back -- we'll give you in a few months time.
Michael Ryskin: Okay, fair enough. And then for my follow-up, I want to focus on China, I think if I heard correctly, you called out that it grew mid-single-digits in the quarter. I want to make sure I heard that right. But if so, that's a bit surprising. Anything you could say in terms of what you're seeing there? Is that also ahead of your expectations and is this just a temporary bump in the quarter or something one-timey or are you seeing some real traction here and you think that can get you into your end? Thanks.
Marc Casper: Yes, your hearing is excellent. So yes, we delivered mid-single-digit growth in the quarter. Team did a nice job, really good execution. Comparison was relatively easy in the quarter, so and I would still characterize the conditions as muted in terms of the environment, but a nice job by the team to deliver a very solid Q2 result. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question is from Jack Meehan. Jack, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan: Thanks. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Wanted to start by asking about LSS, so this had some nice sequential improvement in the growth rate. I heard biosciences led to growth. Can you talk about the relative improvement you're seeing there, or also genetic sciences and bioprocessing? And any updates on where you think your customers stand in terms of e-stock?
Marc Casper: Yes, Jack, thanks for the question. When I think about probably the most important points on our life science solutions segment, nice to see the growth in our biosciences business, that's every lab every day, really nice adoption in the pharma and biotech segment there. So that was a nice positive development in terms of there. And maybe I'll dive a little bit into bioproduction, which is always an area of great interest to our investors. The business is actually progressing really exactly as we expected, really nice quarter of performance. So when I think about the most salient facts around bioproduction, sequentially really nice revenue growth in Q2. When I look at orders, we had really nice sequential growth in orders. We had year-over-year growth in orders, and we had a favorable book-to-bill. So progressing well, and when I look at others that have reported I feel very good about our performance. So when I think about the life science solution segment those are two of the drivers and then you've seen some announcements in the previous few months about important companion diagnostics our clinical sequence business -- clinical sequencing business is doing quite well. So Jack thanks for the question on LSS.
Jack Meehan: Excellent okay and then one to rotate to AI, so this also came in a bit better than I was expecting. Can you talk about how the book-to-bill was in the segment in the quarter? And just update some customer spending patterns? Thanks.
Marc Casper: Yes. So when I think about Analytical Instruments, it was nice to see the 3% growth in the quarter and very positive. Yes, I would say the market conditions also are playing out pretty much as we expected and not at the normal levels yet, and we certainly see the impact of the muted conditions in China. We have really excellent momentum in those differentiated products that we have where innovation matters, on orders as well as on revenue. When you look at electron microscopy, you look at the Orbitrap Astral, just the cutting-edge work, you've seen incredibly strong momentum there. So that's where the highlights are, and I would say in the more routine-ish aspects of the portfolio, you see more muted conditions. Thanks, Jack.
Operator: Our next question is from Rachel Vatnsdal with JPMorgan. Rachel, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Perfect. Hi, good morning, you guys. Thanks so much for taking the questions. Wanted to follow-up on some of the China comments. You mentioned that China grew mid-single-digits, partly due to the comp there. Can you just walk us through what are you seeing from China stimulus? We heard that this first tranche of funding was released earlier this quarter. So have you seen any orders related to China stimulus? Do you think that you'll benefit from this first tranche? And then also, have you seen any customers holding back spending related to the stimulus program? Kind of getting at this like air pocket that we've heard some of your peers talk about. Any comments there would be helpful.
Marc Casper: Rachel, thanks for the question. It's an important question. So let me start at the sort of high level and then get down to the stimulus and then try to as much transparency as I possibly can. First of all, I think the world was surprised at how weak China was economically as this year unfolded. The stimulus programs announced early in the year was a sign that the government wanted to get the economy going, which is a good thing, right, in terms of sort of what is the macro backdrop in terms of a tough economic environment. When I think about stimulus in our industry and what we're seeing, tremendous amount of activity with our customers actually to help them with figuring out what to apply for. And so we know there's quite a bit of interest in our products from a stimulus perspective, and we're helping our customers in that process. When I think about how do I expect it to play out, my expectation is that it's largely going to show up in revenue in 2025 and likely to have some small effect in the fourth quarter of 2024 as well. I did ask the question about air pocket to the team, and I'm actually heading off to China in a couple of weeks' time, so I'm looking forward to that. Our team didn't highlight any air pocket or anything like that. So it's kind of muted conditions, and customers are working on looking at the investments associated with the additional government funding. So we didn't see any pauses in the activity, and I'm proud of the team's mid-single-digit growth in the quarter.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great. And then just as my follow-up here. On the CRO, you called out clinical research was an outperformer this quarter that drove some of the growth. So we've seen a few volatile prints from your peers. So can you walk us through what have you seen from an RFP standpoint and book-to-bill in the quarter for PPD? And then have we turned the quarter on emerging biotech funding and kind of how is that flowing through the model as well?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Rachel, team has done a really nice job executing very well in our clinical research business. And when I think about our performance, we delivered positive organic revenue growth despite a really substantial headwind from the runoff of vaccines and therapies in that activity. So team is doing a nice job. Commercial execution was very strong in the quarter, right? And customers value our capabilities. And when I sort of went under the details of the commercial performance and looked at some of the underlying trends, it was very clear that in Q2, we really did see some of the biotech funding activity that we talked about is a green shoot in Q1 that would give us confidence that the year in aggregate across our business would be improving from a market perspective. We saw that in Q2 actually translate into an acceleration of authorizations in our biotech customer base. And that really does bode well for that. And as you know well this business, that really translates more into revenue in 25 and 26 in terms of how long it takes to get the clinical trials up and going, but the authorization momentum very encouraging in the quarter. Thank you, Rachel.
Operator: The next question is from Doug Schenkel with Wolfe Research. Doug, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, thank you and good morning everybody. Marc, when we look at two-year stacks and calculate CAGRs going back pre-pandemic, it seems like most business lines within Thermo continue to trend positively. I think your commentary is consistent with that on the call this morning. With that in mind, I think one of the key questions is, what's going to be the pace of improvement from here? So with that in mind, two questions. First, where is the recovery occurring more quickly than you may have expected? Where are things lagging? And I'm kind of thinking about this both in terms of how you guided for the year, but also just based on what you've seen through previous cycles. So that's one question. And then the second would be just keeping in mind your assumption that this market grows 4% to 6% on a normalized basis, is it fair to assume that recognizing you're making progress here, but just seeing what the pacing is, is it fair to assume that the move back into that range is going to be gradual versus a snapback? And essentially that this move into the 4% to 6% range, it's going to take several quarters?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Doug, there's a lot in that question. It's a good question. So let me just start with I think the things that are around the market and our performance which is important to our investors, right? Pre-2023, holding aside some of the amazing market and our performance in the pandemic period, a very predictable, visible market without a lot of volatility and really a great underlying set of growth, right? So there's never debates about market growth sort of pre-pandemic or even in the early parts of the pandemic. So -- and then obviously, a difficult year for the industry in 2023, comparisons and a lot of other factors related to the pandemic directly and indirectly. So when I think about what we're seeing in the industry now for three quarters in a row, the visibility is pretty good. Like we have a good feel for what's going on. It's playing out as we expected. There's always things a little better, a little worse, also irrelevant on the margin. They're all in the factor of the aggregate, so I feel very good about the progression. What's embedded in our guidance in the market, right, is that for the full-year is that it continues to step up a little bit more in Q3 and further in Q4. And when I think about what we've assumed in the market growth and back in the January time frame when we gave our guidance is we said the market was going to be down low-single-digits. But when you looked at sort of the phasing implied, it probably is flattish, maybe up slightly in the fourth quarter in terms of the market progression. That's -- we don't have a perfect crystal ball, but that's sort of what's implied in there. And so it's progressing well. When I think to how it's going to progress exactly each quarter thereafter, when we get to January, I will have a much better feel for it. But I think what's really relevant is how do I feel about the 4% to 6%, right? And I'm looking forward to Investor Day. I feel great about the long-term 4% to 6%. That doesn't mean I can predict it to a quarter or the specific year, but when talking a three to five-year time frame, and do I believe that the market growth is going to be 4% to 6%, 100% confidence in that. But underlying scientific drivers are phenomenal in terms of our industry, what's going on in pipelines, our customer base, fantastic, right? So I don't lose any sleep over that. And I always question it because it's important. It's not like just take it from a dramatic standpoint, but from a fact and underlying drivers, I feel great about it. And then the other thing that's important to me, important to our 125,000 colleagues and actually quite important to our investors is our customers meaningfully choosing us more often than their other choices. And the ability to grow 2% faster than the market, I feel great about. And we have an incredible track record this quarter, at least looking at what we've seen so far, once again delivered on that. So hopefully, that puts it in the context of my enthusiasm. And we'll provide you transparency as the year wraps up to what do we see as a reasonable assumption for the next year. And I think our forecast accuracy is pretty good.
Douglas Schenkel: Okay. And Marc, if I can ask one more high-level follow-up. Over the years and in working with you and following Thermo, one of the neat things has been in these tougher periods in the market, Thermo and you specifically have -- you've played offense when others have played defense. Recognizing every cycle is difficult and different, I would say the last 1.5 years has been maybe tougher than normal even for Thermo. As things start to improve a little bit, but again, it's gradual, do you feel you're in a position now to maybe get even more aggressive like you have in previous cycles when it comes to capital deployment, evolving the business and other initiatives? Are you feeling more comfortable, more confident in making those moves that we've seen in prior cycles? Thank you.
Marc Casper: Doug, thanks for the question. When I think about the company's strategy and the trusted partner status that we've earned with our customers over many, many years, we're able to take a long-term perspective, while holding ourselves accountable for delivering excellent long-term results. And I love periods where not everybody is performing at the same level. It creates opportunities. I loved during the fact that the pandemic, we were able to accelerate our investments in innovation. Well, I mean I talked probably for five of my 15 minutes today on innovation. And I had to truncate it because the list was so long. It is super cool. And our job is to differentiate our competitive position to deliver superior organic growth to the others and translate into great results. And I'm very excited about our ability to continue to do that and further differentiate our industry leadership going forward. So thanks for the question, Doug.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question is from Tycho Peterson. Tyco, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Thanks. Hey, Marc, a question on operating margins or maybe for Stephen. Lab products and services, obviously, you felt the headwinds from the vaccine and therapy roll off, but it was effectively at a two-year low. So just curious about how you think about margin for lab products going forward? And then as we think about 2025, if TPD and Patheon can grow above the corporate average, do you still have the ability to drive 40 to 50 bps of margin expansion or potentially could be higher or lower? Thanks.
Stephen Williamson: Tycho, thanks for the question, and good to hear from you again. So in terms of the margin profile in the quarter, we're going through largely the impact of the transition of the vaccine-related capacity in sterile fill finish and translating into other modalities. So that's probably the biggest factor that you see there. And I think about the margin profile for our businesses, I feel good about the ability to drive strong margin expansion as we -- the top line growth comes back in certain parts of the business where we've appropriately adjusted the cost base down and where volumes have come down. And as those volumes come back, we're going to get some good pull-through that comes from that. So look forward to giving the details on '25 when we get to the January call. But yes, in terms of the margin profile and kind of the mix of business, I feel good about the ability to expand our margins.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then one follow-up on CDMO capacity. You doubled fill finish over the last couple of years. Just curious, Marc, how you think about additional capacity expansion, how you think about capacity utilization in the industry and how actively you may look at some of the capacity that could get freed up from some of the recent M&A or potentially around biosecure in the U.S?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Tycho, when I think about our pharma services business and our capacity, where we play, I feel very good about our position. We've had very strong demand for our sterile fill finish abilities, which is our largest activity, and we're doing well there. We've been expanding the number of lines we have at our sites, and demand has been strong for that. So I feel good about that outlook. In the clinical trials, supplies, which is the other really large portion of our business and where we really have an unparalleled position, I highlighted a couple of examples of capabilities we're expanding. Effectively, we make sure that our capacity lines up with our forecasted demand. So it's not really an overcapacity viewpoint. And then on the other parts of the business, I feel okay about our position and nothing of note there. So that's pretty positive. And what we're going through right now, as a reminder, is we're transitioning a lot of the COVID-related activities to the normal therapies. And the team is doing a good job. It certainly impacts our growth in terms of headwind in 2024, but it becomes better in '25 and '26 as the new therapies and the tech transfers are complete and new lines come on place. So pretty good times ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Thanks, I appreciate the color.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Tyco.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Puneet Souda with Leerink Partners. Puneet, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Puneet Souda: Yes. Hi, thanks Marc and Stephen. Thanks for taking the question. So Marc, a higher-level question for you, maybe with your -- when you have conversations, the C-suite conversation with therapeutics teams out there, what are you seeing and hearing from your larger biopharma customers, and maybe to some extent, these mid-cap ones as well versus the smaller and earlier-stage customers? How much of a divergence are you seeing within these groups? And when can that divergence narrow?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Puneet, thanks for the question. So when I think about the things that jump out to me the patterns, if you will, and I see lots of customers, and I'm looking forward to being back on the road tomorrow, seeing our customers is a great thing. In our larger customers, which -- and these will be the companies with many products that are both commercial and in their pipeline, you're seeing a few things. One, they're focused on resiliency of their supply chain. So where maybe historically pre-pandemic, they would have had single site in-house manufacturing, you're seeing much more of the second site, leveraging our capabilities. And that's great in terms of just making sure that they can meet their customer demand, if you will, for medicines. You're also seeing the desire for how do we help them be more innovative and productive. And you basically fund all of the exciting things in their pipeline by just helping them really prioritize the most important work and do that in the most effective way. So it's really about helping them do more to maximize the impact of what's in their pipeline. When I think about the smaller customers, because we had gone through a period in 2023 where funding was challenged, right, a lot of the tone was around how do they get through the period. When I think about the first six months of dialogue, much higher confidence, right? Funding is happening, but also the confidence that funding will be available really at a very different spot. And you're seeing that really translate into the earliest indicators of that, which is authorizations of new clinical trials and new activity. But I would expect that, that would sort of flow through the rest of the types of work we do as the year continues to unfold and as we get into '25. So I think that's a very positive development.
Puneet Souda: Okay. Great. And just a follow-up for Stephen. On the EPS beat, it was about $0.25 at the midpoint and -- but you raised the guide only by $0.10. So just wondering how much of that is a reflection of the end market versus what's within your control in terms of cost management? Or is there anything specific that you would point out to?
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So Puneet, so $0.06 of the beating in Q2 is really timing-related. When I think about the FX rates and kind of the outlook for the rest of the year, $0.03 of that $0.06 could be offset in the second-half. And then from a tax standpoint, we're not assuming the change in the overall rate for the year. That's timing with that. So that $0.06 is good beat in Q2, but it's net neutral for the year as a whole. And then with the rest, we've raised the low end $0.15, and we raised at the high end $0.05. And I think that's a strong raise at this point and think it's appropriate and enables us to be better positioned for the second half of the year. And I wouldn't really read anything else into that. It's just -- I think that's just appropriate at this point.
Puneet Souda: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Rafael Tejada: Operator we have time for one more question.
Operator: Yes, Our next question is from Dan Arias with Stifel. Dan, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Dan Arias: Good morning, guys. Marc, where do you think the academic markets are headed here? Some mixed data points there, and AH budget isn't particularly robust this year. So curious what expectations we should have for the second half and then into the next cycle.
Marc Casper: Yes. I was encouraged by what I saw in academic and government in Q2. We had low single-digit growth, a relatively challenging comparison. So the team did a good job. What I'm seeing is on the high-end differentiated products, customers are getting money. I mean if I think through, consumers get money for the really great innovation. And given our track record on innovation, we're seeing strong demand for the Orbitrap Astral. And I know that there's a lot of excitement around the Thermo Scientific Stellar mass spectrometer and the eclipse series. These are really -- or series. These are really, really positive developments. And so I think it's good. I always think long-term academic and government globally, it was kind of a low-single-digit growth market, sometimes a little better than that. And for -- our performance is playing out in line with that right now.
Dan Arias: Okay. And then if I -- just as a follow-up on your comments on China stimulus and the ability to see money gets spent there. Do you see that as primarily just a function of time, customers need time to have it flow and get to them? Or are there sort of discrete triggers and specific things that need to happen in order to have demand to actually make its way to you? Thanks.
Marc Casper: I mean the process is they have to apply, and there's a central government funding and matched by their other funding sources, usually provincial or it could be local depending on the institution. So they're going through that process. As it gets approved, they then have the ability to go out and place the order, so that's the view. I think because these institutions are funded by the government in all times, whether it's stimulus or not, I think they have a mechanism to understand what's likely to happen. So this is not giant mystery to them. I think they're working through it and is kind of normal from that perspective. And what we're doing is reminding them of the importance of the important instrumentation that we've launched and the relevance of it. So that they prioritize their funding request to support our instrumentation. Dan, thanks for the question, and I'll turn to just wrapping up. So thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. Pleased to deliver another strong quarter, well positioned to deliver differentiated performance as we continue to create value for all of our stakeholders, and we'll build an even brighter future for our company. We're looking forward to talking about that bright future at our upcoming Investor Day on September 19 in New York and updating you on our third quarter performance in October. As always, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2024 First Quarter Conference Call. My name is Angela, and I will be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Rafael Tejada, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Tejada, you may begin the call. 
Rafael Tejada: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
 Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading News, Events and Presentations until May 8, 2024. A copy of the press release of our first quarter 2024 earnings is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials. 
 So before we begin, let me briefly cover our safe harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, which is on file with the SEC and available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials SEC filings. 
 While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. 
 Also, during this call, we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our first quarter 2024 earnings and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials. 
 So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc. 
Marc Casper: Thank you, Raf. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our first quarter call. As you saw in our press release, we had a great start to the year. We delivered another quarter of strong financial performance. I'm proud of our team's ongoing focus on enabling the success of our customers while demonstrating incredibly strong commercial execution and operational discipline and our continued success as a result of our proven growth strategy and our PPI Business System. 
 So let me first recap the financials. Our revenue in the quarter was $10.34 billion. Our adjusted operating income was $2.28 billion. We expanded our adjusted operating margin in Q1 to 22%. And we delivered another quarter of strong adjusted EPS performance, achieving a 2% increase year-over-year to $5.11 per share. Our performance in the first quarter is allowing us to raise our guidance and sets us up to deliver differentiated performance in 2024. 
 Turning to our performance by end market. In the first quarter, underlying market conditions played out as we'd expected. Our team's excellent execution enabled us to deliver differentiated revenue performance that was ahead of our expectations.  Now let me provide you some additional context. Starting with pharma and biotech. We declined in the low single digits for the quarter, which was a sequential improvement in performance over Q4 2023. 
 In the first quarter, the vaccine and therapy revenue runoff resulted in a 3-point headwind for this customer segment. And we also delivered strong growth in our clinical research business. A quick reminder on academic and government and industrial and applied. A year ago, we had very strong shipments of analytical instruments as we worked down the backlog that was caused by pandemic-related supply chain disruptions. As a result in academic and government, we declined in the low single digits during the quarter. We delivered strong growth in our electron microscopy business as well as in our research and safety market channel. 
 In Industrial and Applied, we declined in the low single digits for the quarter. We delivered strong growth in our electron microscopy business in this segment.  Finally, in Diagnostics and Healthcare in Q1, we declined in the high single digits. The reported growth in this end market was impacted by the runoff of COVID-19 testing-related revenue. During the quarter, core revenue growth was highlighted by our transplant diagnostics and immunodiagnostics businesses as well as our health care market channel. 
 So wrapping up on our end markets. Underlying market conditions played out as we expected to start the year. As you recall, our assumption for 2024 is that we'll see a modest pickup in economic activity as the year progresses. During the quarter, it was good to see a couple of positive developments in our end markets that support this view, including continued improvements in the biotech funding environment and the stimulus program announced by China. 
 I'll now turn to an update on our growth strategy. As a reminder, our strategy consists of 3 pillars: high-impact innovation, our trusted partner status with customers and our unparalleled commercial engine. Starting with the first pillar, high-impact innovation. We had an excellent start to the year, launching a number of new products across our businesses during the first quarter. Let me first highlight a number of products in analytical instruments that demonstrate our continued market leadership. 
 In our chromatography and mass spectrometry business, we launched the Thermo Scientific Dionex Inuvion Ion Chromatography system, which enables higher resolution, faster time to results and streamlined workflows to more efficiently identify contaminants for environmental testing. 
 In our Chemical Analysis business, we launched the Thermo Scientific LInspector Edge In-line Metrology solution to enhance battery safety, performance and production. And we also launched the Thermo Scientific TruScan G3 Handheld Raman Analyzer, a next-generation handheld instrument for the rapid identification of chemical compounds used in drug production. 
 And then in Life Science Solutions, we launched the Axiom PangenomiX Array, a high-throughput microarray for use in human genomic studies across global populations, including disease risk and detection research as well as population scale disease research programs. So another strong quarter of product launches. One other highlight of our high-impact innovation during the quarter was being named as one of Fast Company Magazine's Most Innovative Companies. It's great external recognition for the impact that our team is driving for our customers. 
 Moving to the second pillar of our strategy. We are in the trusted partner status over many years, and it gives me the unique opportunity to connect with our customers' senior executive teams. Since the beginning of the year, I've had many meetings with our customers as they're turning to us more than ever. 
 This is to both reinforce our partnership as well as to help them navigate the opportunities and challenges that they face. These conversations are happening across our company at all levels of the organization. Our customers see our team as part of theirs. And our culture of always finding a better way every day serves to reinforce our trusted partner status with our customers. 
 We do not take lightly the trust our customers have in our company. And we'll continue to partner closely with them to enable their innovation and productivity. The first example of this is in our clinical next-generation sequencing business. In the quarter, we announced a collaboration with Bayer to develop a next-generation sequencing-based companion diagnostic that will help identify patients who may benefit from Bayer's growing portfolio of precision cancer therapies. 
 The second example is our Analytical Instrument business. We are partnering with the North Carolina Collaboratory to support PFAS research capacity in state as they help to identify and implement solutions to address PFAS contamination. This is the first network of its kind. And they'll use several of our state-of-the-art instruments, including the Orbitrap Astral in their research. 
 And finally, in our Clinical Research business, I'll share 2 examples of how our trusted partner status comes to life as our customers look for solutions to their unmet needs. We expanded our portfolio of GMP lab services to include qPCR-based biosafety testing capabilities for the detection of bacteria and other contaminants in medicines. This offering enables significantly faster results versus traditional testing method, allowing for quicker delivery of medicines to patients. 
 And we launched the CorEvitas Syndicated Clinical Registry in generalized pustular psoriasis to address an unmet need for real-world evidence related to outcomes for patients with this rare disease. As you recall, CorEvitas became part of our company last year. The business is performing very well and making a difference for our customers and patients. All of these are great examples of our trusted partner status. 
 Now let me turn to our PPI Business System, which enables outstanding execution during the quarter. PPI engages and empowers all of our colleagues to find a better way every day. You can see it in our strong profitability and cash flow that we delivered in the first quarter. Looking forward, our team is actively utilizing generative AI as part of the PPI Business System to increase efficiency and productivity as well as to continue to improve the customer experience across the company. 
 To share a couple of examples of how we're applying AI, it's enabling us to accelerate software development timelines in our Analytical Instruments and Life Science Solutions businesses. We're also leveraging the combination of large language models with a vast and differentiated amount of data at our disposal. 
 One benefit we're seeing is our ability to enhance the capability of our technical and customer service teams to more effectively serve our customers. Generative AI is another great example of how we continually strengthen the impact of the PPI Business System. 
 Let me now give you an update on our corporate social responsibility initiatives. As a mission-driven company, we help to make the world a better place by enabling the important work of our customers. We also have a positive impact by supporting our communities, being a good steward of our planet and the focusing on [indiscernible] education and advancing global health equity. 
 To that end, during the first quarter, we announced a collaboration with the South African Medical Research Council. Together, we'll establish a center of excellence and training program focused on molecular biology and life sciences. The facility will provide specialized education and support for professional development to scientists and laboratory professionals in Africa. I'm also pleased to share that Thermo Fisher achieved a perfect score on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation's Corporate Equality Index for the eighth year in a row. 
 Let me now give you an update on capital deployment. We continue to successfully execute our disciplined capital deployment strategy, which is a combination of strategic M&A and returning capital to our shareholders. During the quarter, we reached the 1-year anniversary of The Binding Site acquisition, now our protein diagnostics business. Its financial performance is tracking ahead of the deal model with really strong growth. I recently had the chance to visit the headquarters of our protein diagnostics business and saw great progress they're making, given the exciting new products that can positively impact patient care for multiple myeloma. 
 Turning to our planned acquisition of Olink. We're working through the regulatory process, and the transaction is on track to close by mid-2024. We look forward to welcoming new colleagues to the company later this year. And in terms of return of capital during the quarter, we repurchased $3 billion of shares and increased our dividend by 11%. As I reflect on the quarter, I'm very proud of what our team accomplished and grateful for their contributions to our success. In a nice recognition of both our team and track record, Thermo Fisher has once again been included on Fortune Magazine's List of Most Admired Companies. 
 Let me now turn to our guidance. Given the stronger operational performance at the start of the year, we are raising our 2024 guidance. We now expect revenue to be in the range of $42.3 billion to $43.3 billion, and we expect adjusted EPS to be in the range of $21.14 to $22.02 per share. Stephen will take you through the details in his remarks. 
 So to summarize our key takeaways from the first quarter. We delivered another quarter of strong financial results driven by our proven growth strategy and PPI Business System. We continue to enable our customer success, and this continually reinforces our trusted partner status. Our strong results in Q1 position us to deliver differentiated performance in 2024 as we continue to create value for all of our stakeholders and build an even brighter future for our company. 
 With that, I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen? 
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. I'll take you through an overview of our first quarter results for the total company then provide color on our 4 business segments, and I'll conclude by providing our updated 2024 guidance. 
 Before I get into the details of our financial performance, let me provide you with a high-level view on how the first quarter played out versus our expectations at the time of our last earnings call. 
 In Q1, market conditions were as we expected. We had another quarter of excellent execution, and this enabled us to deliver Q1 financials meaningfully ahead of what we had assumed in our prior guidance. Core organic revenue was $150 million or 1.5% ahead, and adjusted EPS was $0.40 ahead. To give you some color on that $0.40, $0.19 was from very strong profitability pull-through on the revenue beat, $0.12 was from phasing of spending within the year, $0.07 was from lower FX headwinds and $0.02 was from lower net interest expense. So we're continuing to manage the business really well and are off to a great start to the year. 
 Let me now provide you with some additional details on our performance, beginning with earnings per share. In the quarter, we grew adjusted EPS by 2% to $5.11. GAAP EPS in the quarter was $3.46, up 4% from Q1 last year. On the top line, in Q1, reported revenue was 3% lower year-over-year. The components of our Q1 reported revenue change included 4% lower organic revenue and a slight contribution from acquisitions. Q1 core organic revenue decreased 3%. And in the quarter, pandemic-related revenue was approximately $200 million, including $175 million of vaccines and therapies-related revenue. 
 Turning to our organic revenue performance by geography. In Q1, North America declined mid-single digits, Europe declined low single digits, and Asia Pacific and China declined in the low single digits. With respect to our operational performance. The team used the PPI Business System to execute really well in the quarter, delivering $2.3 billion of adjusted operating income, which is 22% of revenue, 20 basis points higher than Q1 last year. Total company adjusted gross margin in the quarter came in at 41.8%, 150 basis points higher than Q1 last year. 
 In the quarter, we continued to deliver very strong productivity, reflecting our continued focus on cost management as well as the carryover benefits from the cost actions put in place last year. This enabled us to more than offset the impact of lower volumes while appropriately funding investments to further advance our industry leadership.  
 Moving to the details of the P&L. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 16.5% of revenue. Total R&D expense was $330 million in Q1, reflecting our ongoing investment in high-impact innovation. R&D as a percent of manufacturing revenue was 7.2% in the quarter. Looking at results below the line, our Q1 net interest expense was $84 million, which is $70 million lower than Q1 2023 due to increased cash balances. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 10.5%. And average diluted shares were 384 million in Q1, approximately 4 million lower year-over-year driven by share repurchases, net of option dilution.  
 Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. We had a strong start to the year with cash flow generation. Q1 cash flow from operations was $1.3 billion, and free cash flow for Q1 was $910 million after investing $340 million of net capital expenditures. We continue to return capital to shareholders in Q1 with an 11% increase in our dividend and the $3 billion of share buybacks, which were completed in January. We ended the quarter with $7.25 billion in cash and short-term investments and $35.6 billion of total debt. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter were 3.3x gross debt to adjusted EBITDA and 2.6x on a net debt basis.  
 Concluding my comments in our total company performance. Adjusted ROIC was 11.8%, reflecting the strong return on investment that we've been generating across the company. Now I'll provide some color on the performance of our 4 business segments, starting with Life Sciences Solutions. Q1 reported revenue in this segment declined 13%, and organic revenue was 12% lower than the prior year quarter. This is driven by moderation in pandemic-related revenue in the segment as well as lower levels of activity in our bioproduction business versus the year-ago quarter.  
 Q1 adjusted operating income for Life Sciences Solutions increased 1%. And adjusted operating margin was 36.8%, up 480 basis points versus the prior year quarter. During Q1, we delivered exceptionally strong productivity, which was partially offset by unfavorable volume pull-through. The team continues to do an excellent job to appropriately manage the cost base and deal with the unwind of the pandemic.  
 In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue declined 2%, and organic growth was 1% lower than the prior year quarter. We continue to deliver very strong growth in the electron microscopy business. And as a reminder, we have very strong comparisons in the segment in the quarter due to high level of instrument shipments in Q1 last year as we work down the backlog. In the segment, Q1 adjusted operating income decreased 5%, and adjusted operating margin was 23.7%, 70 basis points lower year-over-year. In the quarter, we delivered strong productivity, which is more than offset by unfavorable volume mix and strategic investments.  
 Turning to our Specialty Diagnostics. In Q1, reported revenue and organic revenue were flat versus the prior year quarter. In Q1, we continued to see strong underlying growth in the core led by our transplant diagnostics and immunodiagnostics businesses as well as in our health care market channel. Q1 adjusted operating income for Specialty Diagnostics increased 5%. And adjusted operating margin was 26.5%, which is 120 basis points higher than Q1 2023. During the quarter, we delivered favorable business mix and good productivity, which was partially offset by strategic investments.  
 And finally, in Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment, both reported revenue and organic growth decreased 1% in Q1 versus the prior year quarter. This was driven by the runoff of vaccines and therapies revenue. During the quarter, we delivered strong growth in our clinical research business. Q1 adjusted operating income declined 6%. And adjusted operating margin was 13%, which is 80 basis points lower than Q1 2023. In the quarter, we delivered strong productivity, which was more than offset by unfavorable volume mix and strategic investments.  
 Turning now to guidance. As Marc outlined, given the strong start to the year, we're raising our 2024 full year guidance. We now expect revenue to be in the range of $42.3 billion to $43.3 billion and adjusted EPS to be in the range of $21.14 to $22.02. At the midpoint, that reflects a core revenue increase of just under $100 million. We continue to assume core organic revenue growth will be in a range of minus 1% to positive 1% for 2024. We continue to assume that the market declines low single digits this year. Our growth strategy in PPI Business System execution will enable us to continue to take share once again.  
 In terms of adjusted EPS. The increase in the guidance at the midpoint is just over $0.10. The majority of this is from the core revenue raise and also $0.02 from assumed lower net interest expense versus our prior guidance. Our 2024 updated guidance range assumes an adjusted operating income margin between 22.4% and 22.8%, slightly improved from the prior guide. We continue to use the PPI Business System to enable excellent execution, manage costs appropriately and fund the right long-term investments to enable us to further advance our industry leadership.  
 So a great start to the year and increase in the guidance outlook. We remain well positioned to continue to deliver differentiated performance.  
 I thought it would be helpful to remind you of some of the key underlying assumptions behind the guide that remain unchanged from the previous guidance. In 2024, we're assuming just under $100 million of testing revenue and $300 million to $400 million of vaccines and therapies-related revenue. In total, this represents a year-over-year headwind of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion or 3% of revenue.  
 We see that FX will be roughly neutral year-over-year to both revenue and adjusted EPS. Given recent FX rate changes, we're assuming that the $0.07 beat that we saw in Q1 is offset in the remainder of the year, leading to no change for the year as a whole for FX versus our prior guide.  
 We expect the adjusted income tax rate will be 10.5% in 2024. And we're assuming between $1.3 billion and $1.5 billion of net capital expenditures and free cash flow in the range of $6.5 billion to $7 billion.  
 In terms of capital deployment. We're assuming $3 billion of share buybacks, which were completed in January. We expect to return approximately $600 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends, we continue to see [ we will close ] the Olink acquisition by midyear. Full year average diluted share count is assumed to be approximately 383 million shares.  
 And finally, I wanted to touch on quarterly phasing. In Q2, we expect revenue dollars to step up from the first quarter, and organic growth will likely be 2 points better than Q1. And we expect Q2 adjusted EPS to be similar to Q1. This reflects the revised view of the phasing of spending within the year that I mentioned. I think this view of Q2 is pretty close to what's currently baked into consensus right now.  
 So to conclude. We delivered on our commitments in Q1, and we're in a great position to deliver differentiated performance for all our stakeholders in 2024.  
 With that, I'll turn the call back over to Raf. 
Rafael Tejada: Operator, we're ready for the Q&A portion of the call. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have the first question from Doug Schenkel with Wolfe Research. 
Douglas Schenkel: Simply put, it was a better start than expected to the year. Marc, can you share color on: one, how did the quarter progress; and two, how does that progression. And really momentum heading into the second quarter, how do those things inform your thinking on the outlook for the balance of the year? 
Marc Casper: Doug, thanks. So I thought just in the spirit of continuous improvement in PPI that I would frame a few of the key points for the Q&A session and then get to your questions. So indulge me for a second. So when I think about the key points. One, I will start with the long term. We serve an awesome industry that has a bright future, right? And when you think about what drives the bright future, very durable growth driven by the great science, the strong pipelines and the unmet medical needs.  
 When I think about the first quarter, zooming into the short term, market conditions were in line with our expectations and really with strong execution in the quarter that resulted in the financial performance that was ahead of our expectations, it allowed us to retire risk as well as raise our full year outlook.  
 Reminding our investors what's assumed in the '24 guidance is that we're going to see a modest step-up or pickup in economic activity as the year progresses. And during the quarter, it was really good to see a couple of positive developments in our end markets that supports the view of a pickup as the year progresses, which is continued improvements in the biotech funding environment and the stimulus program that was announced by China.  
 As you know, how we define success is that we deliver differentiated short-term performance with a strong emphasis on share gain while strengthening our competitive position for the long term. And Q1 was another quarter in which we achieved that. So Doug, as I think about the phasing of the quarter, market really played out exactly as we thought it was. And we looked at the different parts of it and really in aggregate and the pieces that really played out that way.  
 As the quarter unfolded, what I would say is didn't see a huge change in pattern, although March was a little bit better than the first couple of months. You had the way Easter laid out, which kind of makes it a little bit hard to know exactly, but it felt like March was a good exit rate, consistent with a modest step-up, and that's baked into it. And I would say that April is, in the first couple of weeks kind of playing out with that as well. 
Douglas Schenkel: Okay. That's super helpful. And thank you for the high-level thoughts as well. If I could maybe just kind of double-click into an area of focus for all of us. Lab products and services was stronger than expected, relative to certainly what I had in my model and from what I can tell is in consensus.  
 In particular, obviously, the CRO and CDMO businesses are a focus for all of us. What are you seeing there? Is it fair to say that things are picking up there a little bit better and maybe better than expected? Keeping in mind that some of the early updates from CMO peers have been relatively encouraging. And then I think maybe more on the CRO side is where we'd see this impact. 
 But as we kind of keep in mind that Q1 was the best biopharma funding quarter in about 5 years, how does that make you feel about the outlook for the next several quarters and the years ahead? 
Stephen Williamson: Doug, I'll tee up kind of the view versus the consensus first, and I'm not going to talk about the kind of business dynamics. So we don't guide by segment in terms of our organic growth. And for us, it came in -- as Marc said, the markets came in as we had expected in aggregate. And that's the same thing for the segment, and we executed well. So it wasn't a huge outperformance part of the beat that was kind of pretty much across the board for the company. 
Marc Casper: Yes. And then when you get into the dynamics, the one thing I would call out is in our CRO capabilities, clinical research, the former PPD business, really excellent execution in the first quarter, drove really very strong performance, very proud of what the team accomplished. 
 And when I think about the market dynamics, definitely seeing the pipeline of activity picking up. And as you certainly know, it takes a while for that to actually materialize into revenues, given the cycle of the business, but very encouraging given the biotech funding environment to see that level of pipeline of work picking up. So thank you, Doug. 
Operator: The next question is from Michael Ryskin with Bank of America. 
Michael Ryskin: Great. Congrats on the quarter. Marc, I want to pick up on something you just mentioned. You called out continued improvement in biotech funding environment. And earlier, you talked about the stimulus in China, 2 positive developments on the end market in 1Q. But I think you also acknowledged it's still relatively early going for those. And there have been a few false starts in end markets, of course, of 2023. 
 So I guess the question is, what gives you confidence that these have really turned the corner? What data points you're looking for as the year progresses and especially given your position on the China Business Council. Just when do you think the better funding stimulus will show up as revenues for you for Thermo? 
Marc Casper: Yes. So Mike, I think it's a great question, I liked the way you framed it as well. So we're not -- nothing about false starts. The way that I think about it is and super clear on the word choice. What was assumed in our original guidance was a modest pickup. 
 The 2 data points that I called out would be consistent with that view. So we're not changing our view upwards on the market, but rather what's going to drive the slight pickup, the fact that biotech funding is improving and that China announced a stimulus program. I think everybody was probably positively surprised that they announced it as early in the year as that they did, and they're trying to get their economy growing. Those are good facts to support the modest step-up and set ourselves up for an even stronger set of market conditions as we enter 2025. So that's how I think about the kind of the phasing of what's going on in the market. 
 And then the other thing that I would just note about the quarter which was very positive is that it actually played out as we expected, right, including the 4 end markets. And that's good because, I mean, the normal incredible visibility and predictability that you typically have in this business is returning, which is helpful as well. 
Michael Ryskin: Okay. That's really helpful. And Doug asked about lab products and services. Let me focus on Analytical Instruments. You called out electron microscopy continue to do very well there. But -- and you do have really tough comps. But maybe you could focus a little bit on chromatography mass spec. What are you seeing there from an end market perspective? There's been a lot of concern about pharma CapEx budgets and sort of how they're trending in 2024. So any early comments you can say about that part of the portfolio? 
Marc Casper: Yes. So Mike, when I think about Analytical Instruments, we had a really good quarter. And it's against a very, very strong comparison, which is why I called it out because compared to the high teens growth last year, it's important to flag it. 
 Let me start with electron microscopy then I'll get to chrome mass spec. So electron microscopy, the business has been performing at a great level, continues to have a strong order book and just doing a really good job. And I feel great about that. When I think about chromatography, mass spectrometry, they as well have incredibly strong comparisons. We're getting really good uptake on the Astral and really have had some milestone level of shipments on that product over the first 9 months of owning and [ relaunching ] it. So that's gone well. 
 Most of our business is in the high-end research portion, which has done well for us. We have a little bit less exposure to kind of the more routine applications. I did flag one product that we launched, which is really quite relevant. As you know, we're the very strong market leader in ion chromatography. You hear a lot about PFAS testing, things of this sort. And we launched the next generation of instrumentation there, which it's great, just given how large our fleet is around the world, and that product is off to a great start. So I feel good about the outlook, the different pieces. 
 And I highlighted a couple of interesting launches in chemical analysis, the smallest of the 3 businesses where we're enabling battery production and really trying to change the way that QA/QC is done in pharmaceutical manufacturing by having raw materials inspected at the factory versus doing lab testing and the Handheld Raman Analyzer does that. So really great innovation drives growth in the business and a really good performance to start the year. 
Operator: The next question is from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. 
Jack Meehan: Wanted to keep digging in on the pharma businesses here. So the first question is on clinical research. You called out strong growth. Just a clarification. Is this inclusive of the COVID headwinds you've talked about before? The tone sounds more positive. Any comments around what you're seeing would be great. 
Marc Casper: Yes. There's no adjustments on any of that. It's just business just grew through that. And when I think about the year, when I think about the guidance that some busy assumptions are better than the guidance. We reminded our investors that we had the largest role in clinical research on supporting the pandemic response. We also had, in parallel, incredible growth in the business, and really just an excellent start and excellent execution to deliver strong growth in the quarter. 
 And while we expect this business will moderate this year relative to the last few years, just the momentum it has bodes extremely well for the midterm of high single-digit growth business plus synergies. So the team has done a great job of becoming part of the company, leveraging our relationships and getting really strong commercial momentum. So really nice start to the year. 
Jack Meehan: Awesome. And then on the pharma services side, there's been a little bit of a competitive shake up with Novo's proposed acquisition of Catalent. Can you just talk about your win rates at Patheon and how you feel about the runway for future tech transfers? 
Marc Casper: Yes. So Jack, when I think about pharma services, the business has performed very well. And when I think about the industry dynamics that have gone on, in an area that we're the market leader, [ start until finish ] where we put the medicine or vaccine in its final dosage form. Effectively, you have one of the pure-play competitors being taken out of the CDMO business effectively or less so. 
 And that in an area where capacity is constrained already, it bodes really well for our business. As the market leader and great reputation, our activity level is high. The number of dialogue we're having with our customers is high. We're securing new business. So I feel great about it. 
 And our job as the trusted partner is to enable our customer success, right? And our customers think in decades in this industry. And when there's events that uncertain, whether it's Biosecure or whether it's an acquisition of one of the suppliers, they look at the industry leader and say, "This is a company that doesn't create uncertainty, does a great job." Those things ultimately allow us to better support our customers going forward. 
Operator: The next question is from Rachel Vatnsdal with JPMorgan. 
Rachel Vatnsdal Olson: Perfect. Congratulations on the quarter. So I wanted to dig into the comments around China stimulus a little bit more. Just on one hand, the language around the stimulus is fairly broad, but this tranche also appears to be 2.5x the dollar amount of the stimulus package that benefited last year. 
 So can you walk us through what are you hearing from customers regarding the stimulus? Are you working on proposals with customers yet? Or have you even seen any orders related to that stimulus come through, albeit it's probably that early for that. 
 And then just to follow up on those comments around the timeline for stimulus. If you look at what happened last year, the stimulus was actually announced in September '22, but we really didn't see an impact until early 2023. So given that delay between initial announcement and actually seeing the benefit, in your view, could we potentially see the benefit this year? Or could this ultimately be a 2025 dynamic? 
Marc Casper: So Rachel, thanks for the question. I share the enthusiasm about the government's efforts to stimulate the economy, get things going. So it's an interesting time in that respect. So... 
Stephen Williamson: And just back to Mike's comment about what the view on is this start, these starts, false start, I think it's a good thing that China is trying to find ways to stimulate the economy. And I think this is one element of it, and we look forward to other things happening as well as just the way the China is managing the economy. As Marc said, go ahead. 
Marc Casper: Yes, yes. So when I think about actually the way things play out, and a lot of this is about signaling as far as I can tell from my own experience of work in China for many years. It's a multiyear program as opposed to the last one, which was shorter term. 
 So basically, the government is signaling, at least, to the economy that they're looking for investments in instrumentation equipment, technological advances, advanced research. So that's very encouraging in terms of that it's not a short-term program, but rather longer term. And yes, we've already have proposals in front of customers. And yes, there's quite a bit of dialogue. Customers are actually waiting for some of the very practical details of how this will work because it varies by province, ultimately. 
 So to my knowledge, no orders yet. I wouldn't expect any of that quickly anyway but lots of activity. And the way that I would think about this is there's the direct effect and then the indirect effect. I would expect that we would see orders really later in the year and some revenue late in the year directly associated with the stimulus, but that may miss by a few months, one way or the other. So I wouldn't expect material shipments in Q2 around this. So it would be the way I would think about my experience. 
 The indirect effect is a confidence booster, right, which is basically saying the government is going to try to get the economy up and going. And that should help more broadly, and that doesn't help tomorrow, but it helps from a contextual standpoint of business confidence. 
 So I think those things would say that you're seeing China try to get the economy growing. We're not assuming a lot in China in our numbers this year as part of major changes. So what I'm most excited about there is that it sets up for '25. Not that we won't see a benefit this year, but it's kind of a direction of travel. And our view is more of a return tranche should be a good market for us. 
Rachel Vatnsdal Olson: Perfect. Really appreciate all that detail. I just wanted to stick on China for my follow-up then. Obviously, we've seen some of these headlines around Biosecure Act. We've heard some of your customers talking about trying to derisk some of their supply chains and go with more Western manufacturers, just given where we're at from that headline perspective. 
 So I wanted to see how has that been impacting your customer conversations? Have you seen any increase in inbounds in terms of Patheon? And then just from a timing, if you were to benefit from this. Obviously, a pretty capacity-constrained sector right now. I know you mentioned some of the Catalent-Novo dynamics earlier as well. 
 Could you even benefit in the near term from any competitive wins related to Biosecure? Or is it just a function of capacity constrained, this really alludes to the value chain and the vertical integration that Thermo has but will be more of a benefit longer term? 
Marc Casper: So the way that I think about Biosecure is I kind of put it into the context of there's a level of geopolitical tensions that exist around the world, including between the U.S. and China. It's never exactly clear whether these things become enacted or not. It's our job to help our customers navigate those shifting landscapes. I think at the highest level, actually relations are falling between the countries a bit. There will always be challenges. 
 When I think about how this could play out, should it play out, I think that what is making the customer base that's largely Western in terms of where biotech and pharmaceutical activity is largely, I think more of supply chains, who's doing development work, et cetera. 
 Given our network is effectively 100% in U.S. and Western Europe and that set of capabilities, we're likely to be a long-term beneficiary, not per se of the Act, but rather the fact that customers are thinking about who are their partners and where should those partners be based. So I think that's a long term, should be okay, and I don't think it has any material impact to the results in the short term. Thank you, Rachel. 
Operator: The next question is from Dan Brennan with TD Cowen. 
Daniel Brennan: Marc and Stephen, maybe just on China. I know some -- there's already been some discussion points here, Marc. But could you just give us a sense how the low single-digit decline in the quarter kind of compared to expectations? And just remind us what to assume for the full year? And kind of any color you can share about just demand trends across your business segments in China. 
Marc Casper: So when I think about China, that actually played out as we expected. The team delivered on the expectations for the quarter. And as you know, our guidance, we don't guide by geography or by business. It's really the aggregate overall. But actually, the first quarter played out as the team expected and executed well. When you kind of go down to the subsegments of China, now you're going to the tiny portion of our revenue. Nothing really significant of note in terms of things better or worse than what we've been seeing or what we would expect. So that's will be a high-level deal. Looking forward to returning to China early in the summer. So get some firsthand perspectives on that as well. 
Daniel Brennan: Got it. And then maybe just on bioprocessing. I know the consumable portion of your business, Marc is, call it, 10% of our revenues, but there's obviously a tremendous focus there right now. Could you give any color on how that business performed in the quarter? And any color you can provide on like this ongoing destock issue. Whether or not you've seen orders start to grow again sequentially. 
Marc Casper: Yes, Dan, thanks for the question on bioproduction. It's definitely a factor. Where it got in the queue of the question, it says that the emphasis is reducing on that so as becoming a little bit more predictable. Really, Q1 was in line with expectations. Organic growth did decline as we expected in the quarter due to the strong comparisons from a year ago. But when I look at orders, that's now 2 quarters in a row with really good sequential bookings growth, nice improvement in book-to-bill. And when I look at the things that have been said externally about the quarter, I feel really good about our performance in terms of how we execute it. So working out, in line with what we thought would happen. Thanks, Dan. 
Operator: The next question is from Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Sykes: Maybe just revisiting the AI segment and maybe just compare, contrast the end markets and where you're seeing some of the greatest strength. It sounds like industrial applied remains strong, but just would love to hear you kind of go through biopharma, applied industrial and academic, government and sort of the phasing of growth over the course of this year in those end markets for AI. 
Marc Casper: Sure. So when I think about the business, one of the things, Matt, is we really don't manage it by end segment because effectively, you produce a certain amount of products, and then you ship them to specific customers. So you can have quarters where you ship more to an industrial customer, the exact same product as a biopharma customer. And therefore, it kind of skews things. So that's my caveat of that. 
 When I look at the parts of the business, the industrial and applied continues to have strong momentum in semiconductor material science applications for electron microscopy was strong. So in terms of how that played out, very difficult comparisons for all of the businesses based on the shipments a year ago, but that was strong. And then the other segments in terms of academic, government, pharma, biotech, pretty much played out as we expected. So nothing that really jumped out at me as being significant in terms of trends or patterns. 
Matthew Sykes: Got it. And then just for my follow-up. Just on LPS and the margins, I know when you had acquired PPD, you talked about potential for long-term margin expansion in that business. Could you just maybe talk about some of the levers you've got within LPS. Understanding that revenue improvement would help a lot, but just any levers to get that margin within LPS to expand that over time. 
Marc Casper: I'll start, and then maybe Stephen will add a few additional thoughts. So when I think about margins and obviously, you have different businesses there. The clinical research business, formerly PPD, incredibly strong operational execution, right? So when you actually look at utilization rates, modification, all of the things that ultimately drive margins, they're doing a great job and executing really well. 
 We're, obviously, benefiting from the synergies that we outlined, and we will have achieved all of our synergy targets on the cost side. So that's gone well. And so they're really doing a great job of executing the trials really well, and that bodes well for margin expansion along with volume. When I think about pharma services, there, the underlying is very strong. But we obviously have capacity coming online and also the runoff of the COVID revenues. So when you lose the volume, you see short-term pressure on margins. 
 But if I say, how is the team operating? Actually, the team is operating well. So the margins there will expand as the year progresses and into the future as well. So that will be my thoughts about margins. I don't know, Stephen, anything? 
Stephen Williamson: I think on the pharma services side, it's the capacity coming online and switching over. There's cost to do that as you're ramping up the facility, bringing on the colleagues to be able to operate that facility. Those are all factors that come into that, but those are the right drivers. Thanks, Matt. 
Operator: The last question we have time for today is from Luke Sergott with Barclays. 
Luke Sergott: So I want to dig back in into the Biosecure Act, a follow-up on what Rachel was asking about. But I wanted to know, Marc, what you guys are hearing from your customers and multinationals that operate over there and what they're saying to you regarding their assumptions on China retaliating and maybe excluding them from the region. I know it seems pretty unlikely, and it's probably going to be limited, but is this something that is on their radar or some of those conversations that you're having? 
Marc Casper: Yes. I can't really speculate. It wouldn't be prudent on how -- whether this thing will even come to pass. And if it comes to pass, what is the response to it. Our job is to do a great job of supporting our customers globally to comply with the global regulations, both the actual regulations and the spirit of the regulations of the various countries, and we'll do a good job navigating it. So that's how I would think about it, Luke. 
Luke Sergott: Yes. Okay. And then, Stephen, for you on the life science margins. So very, very strong here from Life Science Solutions. I understand that the destocking is less of an issue, but how much of the step-up in the quarter was from the restocking? Just kind of walk through it and double-click on the drivers there. And should we consider this as kind of the jump-off point? Or it will be around this range for the rest of the year? Anything from a modeling perspective? 
Stephen Williamson: So Luke, the really good margin profile in the segment. And it's really about addressing the cost base in that business given the lower volumes, both from the pandemic unwind and the kind of the bioproduction aspect to it. So it's really just fundamentally investing the costs that we have in that business. Team's done a great job of doing that, and that's the way to think about that. 
Marc Casper: So thank you, Luke, and thanks, everyone, for the questions. So let me wrap up. Very pleased to deliver a very strong quarter. Incredibly well positioned to deliver differentiated performance as we continue to create value for all of our stakeholders, build an even brighter future for our company. I look forward to updating you on our second quarter results in July and discussing our very bright future as well as outlook at our upcoming Investor Day on September 19. 
 As always, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2023 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. My name is Bailey and I'll be your moderator for today's call. All lines will be muted during the presentation portion with an opportunity for questions-and-answers at the end. [Operator Instructions]. I'd now like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Rafael Tejada, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Tejada, you may begin your call.
Rafael Tejada: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is, Marc Casper, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website thermofisher.com, under the heading News Events and Presentations until February 16, 2024. A copy of the press release of our fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor Statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q which are on file with the SEC and available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials, SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any dates subsequent to today. Also, during this call, we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is available in the press release of our fourth quarter 2023 earnings and also available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc N. Casper: Thank you, Raf. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us today for our fourth quarter call. As you saw in our press release, our fourth quarter results were ahead of the guidance we provided on our call in October and demonstrates strong execution. As I reflect on our performance for the full year, I'm very proud of our team as they operated with speed at scale to enable the success of our customers while demonstrating incredibly strong operational disciplines and commercial execution. In 2023, we delivered differentiated short-term performance while at the same time strengthening our long-term competitive position.  I'll get into more detail in my remarks later, but first, let me recap the financials. Starting with the quarter, our revenue was $10.89 billion. Our adjusted operating income was $2.55 billion. We expanded our adjusted operating margin by 100 basis points to 23.4% and we delivered another quarter of strong adjusted EPS performance, growing adjusted EPS 5% to $5.67 per share. Then in terms of our full year results, our revenue was $42.9 billion in 2023, adjusted operating income was $9.81 billion and adjusted EPS was $21.55 per share. Last year, we once again delivered meaningful share gain with our industry-leading products, services, and expertise. We leveraged our PPI business system to enable outstanding execution, including aggressively addressing our cost base to effectively navigate a challenging macroeconomic environment. At the same time, we strengthened our long-term competitive position with high-impact innovation, exciting and complementary acquisitions, additional investments in our capabilities, and further strengthening our trusted partner status with our customers.  Turning to our performance by end market, in the fourth quarter, underlying market conditions largely played out in line with our expectations. Our continued strong execution resulted in revenue performance that was slightly ahead of our expectations. Now let me provide you some color on our performance in the context of each of our end markets. Starting with pharma and biotech, as expected, growth declined in the high single digits for the quarter and approximately 1% for the full year. In 2023, vaccine and therapy runoff resulted in a seven-point headwind in this customer segment, which was effectively offset through share gains as a result of our trusted partner status. We've made strong progress in transitioning COVID-related capacity to other therapies, and that's very exciting for the future.  In academic and government, we grew in the mid-single digits for the quarter and in high-single digits for the full year. In 2023, we delivered strong growth across a range of our businesses, including electron microscopy, chromatography, and mass spectrometry, as well as the research and safety market channel. In industrial and applied, we grew in the low single digits for both the quarter and for the full year. During the year, we delivered very strong growth in our electron microscopy business. And finally, in diagnostics and healthcare, in Q4, revenue declined in the high teens and was 30% lower for the full year. In 2023, we delivered good core business growth in this end market, highlighted by our immunodiagnostics, microbiology and transplant diagnostic businesses.  I'll now turn to an update on our growth strategy. As a reminder, our strategy consists of three pillars, high impact innovation, our trusted partner status with customers, and our unparalleled commercial engine. Starting with the first pillar, it was another terrific year of high-impact innovation. Throughout the year, we launched outstanding new products across our businesses that strengthened our industry leadership by enabling our customers to advance their important work. In chromatography and mass spectrometry, the year was highlighted by the launch of the groundbreaking Thermo Scientific Orbitrap Astral Mass Spectrometer, which is helping our customers uncover proteins that were previously undetectable. The scientific breakthrough is enabling customers to advance precision medicine, including the identification of new clinical biomarkers. In the six months since launch, the scientific community's adoption of the product has exceeded our high expectations and the momentum is continuing to build as we enter 2024.  In electron microscopy, we launched the Thermo Scientific Metrios 6 S/TEM, a fully automated system that enables our customers to rapidly obtain large volume, high quality data from increasingly complex semiconductors to advanced development. In specialty diagnostics, we launched the first FDA-cleared assays for the risk assessment and clinical management of preeclampsia. This first-of-a-kind diagnostic has received significant attention and adoption as it has significantly raised the standard of care for pregnant women, helping physicians to better manage care by predicting who is most at risk for this condition.  In Life Sciences Solutions, we introduced the Gibco CTS Detachable Dynabeads, our next generation Dynabeads platform to accelerate manufacturing of life-changing cell therapies. We continued this great innovation momentum in the fourth quarter. In electron microscopy, we launched the Thermo Scientific Meridian EX System for precise defect localization in advanced logic semiconductors. And in low laboratory products we launched the Thermo Scientific Aquanex Ultrapure Water Purification System for reliable water purity and operational enhancement in laboratories. So another spectacular year of innovation and an exciting pipeline for the future.  In 2023, we also continued to strengthen our industry-leading commercial engine and the trusted partner status we have earned with our customers. This included the opening of a state-of-the-art customer center of excellence in Milan to showcase our industry-leading product services and expertise. And during the fourth quarter, we further strengthened our position in advanced materials by opening a customer experience center for battery manufacturing in Seoul to accelerate the development of next generation of environmentally friendly energy solutions. We also made significant advancements in the partnerships and collaborations with our customers throughout the year. Building on our longstanding relationship with Borenger Ingelheim, a great example in the fourth quarter was an exciting opportunity to develop a genomic testing-based companion diagnostic for non-small cell lung cancer patients in Japan and the United States, where lung cancer is a leading cause of cancer death.  Now let me turn to our PPI business system and our mission driven culture, which continued to enable successful execution during the year. PPI engages and empowers all of our colleagues to find a better way every day. It's helping us to drive share gain, improve quality, productivity, and customer allegiance. I'm proud of the way our team leveraged PPI to step up in an agile way to navigate the dynamic environment last year, driving higher commercial intensity, actively managing our cost base, and optimizing sourcing. We're also leveraging generative AI as part of our PPI business system toolkit to increase productivity, further optimize our commercial effectiveness, and improve the customer experience.  A quick recap on capital deployment last year. We continued to successfully execute our disciplined capital deployment strategy, which is a combination of strategic M&A and returning capital to our shareholders. In terms of M&A, we completed our acquisition of the binding site, our protein diagnostics business which enhances our specialty diagnostics offering by advancing the diagnosis and management of patients with multiple myeloma and other immune disorders. The integration has gone smoothly and the business is performing extremely well and tracking ahead of the deal model.  As we look to the future of the protein diagnostics business, our launch of EXENT instrument solution represents a significant breakthrough given its enhanced sensitivity, specificity, and ease of use when compared to conventional methods. This is a great complement to our Freelite assays and there's strong interest from the medical community due to the positive impact on diagnosing multiple myeloma patients. In the third quarter, we added CorEvitas, a leading provider of regulatory grade real-world evidence for approved medicines and therapies. CorEvitas is now integrated into our clinical research business, and customers are seeing the benefits of these additional capabilities. The business is off to a great start and performing very well.  During the fourth quarter, we announced our intent to acquire Olink, a provider of advanced proteomic solutions that help researchers to gain an understanding of disease at the protein level rapidly and efficiently. As a reminder, Olink Technology compliments our leading mass spectrometry and life science platforms, and we are uniquely positioned to rapidly bring this technology to customers. The transaction is on track to be completed by mid-2024, subject to customary closing additions, including regulatory approvals. In 2023, we also returned $3.5 billion of capital to shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends.  Let me now give you a brief update on our corporate social responsibility initiatives. As a mission-driven company, we help to make the world a better place by enabling the important work of our customers. We also have a positive impact by supporting our communities and being a good steward of our planet. And I'm proud of the actions we took in 2023 in this regard. Building on the environmental sustainability initiatives, we continue to accelerate our transition to renewable energy with on-site solar projects and power purchase agreements around the world. This progress will help us achieve our recently established target of utilizing 80% renewable electricity globally by 2030.  To advance Global Health Equity in the fourth quarter, we announced a partnership with Project HOPE to improve the well-being and treatment outcomes for young people living with HIV in Nigeria, the country with the second largest HIV epidemic worldwide. Throughout the year, Thermo Fisher Scientific was once again recognized for our industry leadership and inclusive culture, where colleagues can have a mission-driven career. To list just a few of the recognitions, we were once again included on Fortune's list of the world's most admired companies, as well as Fortune's inaugural list of most innovative companies. Newsweek named us as one of America's most responsible companies, Forbes included us on its list of the world's top companies for women, and named us as one of the best employers for veterans. As I reflect on the year, I'm very proud of what our team accomplished. Thanks to our incredible colleagues, we successfully navigated the environment, continued to build a bright future for our company. I'm very excited about 2024 and beyond.  So let me now turn to guidance. Stephen will outline the assumptions that factor into our 2024 revenue and earnings guidance, but let me quickly cover the highlights. We're initiating a 2024 revenue guidance range of $42.1 billion to $43.3 billion, and an adjusted EPS guidance range of $20.95 to $22 per share. This outlook reflects a continuation of us demonstrating incredibly strong commercial execution and operational discipline and enabling the success of our customers.  I've had the opportunity to connect with many of our customers in January to understand what's on their minds. Based on our longstanding relationships, we have terrific access to the senior executive teams of our customers. From these conversations, it's clear to me that our customers value our partnership and see us as essential to enabling their success. They're enthusiastic for the future because of the progress and pipelines to treat disease, and there's also great enthusiasm with material science customers for the important advances made in those fields. All of this will create strong long-term demand for our capabilities as we enable customer scientific breakthroughs, and we continue to be incredibly well-positioned to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner, and safer.  So to summarize our key takeaways for 2023, our proven growth strategy continues to drive significant share gain. We continue to elevate our trusted partner status and deepen the relationship with many customers last year. And this in combination with the power of our PPI business system delivered differentiated performance for the quarter and the full year, helping us to effectively navigate a challenging macroeconomic environment. We're well positioned in 2024 to once again deliver differentiated short-term performance and further strengthen our long-term competitive position. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen. 
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc and good morning, everyone. As you saw in our press release we executed really well in Q4. Market conditions played out largely as we had expected in the quarter, and through the great execution, we delivered 1% more core organic revenue growth than our prior guide. In terms of adjusted EPS, we beat our prior guide by $0.05 and that included offsetting $0.08 of additional FX headwind, so really strong operational execution in the quarter. We also capped off the year with very strong free cash flow delivering $7 billion in 2023. Throughout the year we navigated the changing macro environment very effectively. Our proven growth strategy and PPI business system enabled us to deliver a differentiated experience for our customers and differentiated financial results for our shareholders, all the while continuing to invest in the business and advance our strategic position as the world leader in serving science.  Let me now provide you some additional details in our performance. Beginning with our earnings results, we delivered $5.67 of adjusted EPS in Q4 and $21.55 for the full year. GAAP EPS in the quarter was $4.20 and $15.45 for the full year. On the top line, reported revenue was 5% lower year-over-year in Q4. The components of our Q4 reported revenue change included 7% lower organic revenue, a 1% contribution from acquisitions, and a tail end of 1% from foreign exchange. Q4 core organic revenue decreased 4%. For the full year 2023 reported and organic revenue decreased 5% and core organic revenue growth for the year was 1%. In 2023, we delivered $1.73 billion of pandemic related revenue, $330 million of testing and $1.4 billion of vaccines and therapies revenue.  Turning to our organic revenue performance by geography, the organic growth rates by region are skewed by the pandemic-related revenue in the quarter -- in the current year and prior year. In Q4, North America declined low double digits, Europe declined low single digits, Asia Pacific grew low single digits with China declining in the mid-single digits. For the full year, North America declined high single digits, Europe declined low single digits, and Asia-Pacific declined low single digits with China declining high single digits.  With respect to our operational performance, we delivered $2.55 billion of adjusted operating income in the quarter, and adjusted operating margin was 23.4%, 100 basis points higher than Q4 last year. In the quarter, we continued to deliver exceptionally strong productivity and achieved good price realization, this is partially offset by lower pandemic-related revenue, strategic investments, and FX. The strength of our productivity reflects the impact of our PPI business system. It's enabling us to manage our cost base appropriately given the macro conditions. For the full year, adjusted operating income decreased 11% and adjusted operating margin was 22.9% in line with our prior guide. Total company adjusted gross margin in the quarter came in at 41.5%, 10 basis points higher than Q4 last year. The change in gross margin was due to the same drivers as those of our adjusted operating margin. For the full year, adjusted gross margin was 41.2%.  Moving on to the details of the P&L, adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 15.1% of revenue, an improvement of 50 basis points over Q4 last year. For the full year, adjusted SG&A was 15.2% of revenue, an improvement of 60 basis points compared to 2022. Total R&D expense was $328 million in Q4. For the full year, R&D expense was $1.35 billion, reflecting our ongoing investments in high-impact innovation. R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue was 6.8% in 2023.  Looking at our results below the line, our Q4 net interest expense was $81 million, which is $38 million lower than Q4 2022. Net interest expense for the full year was $495 million, an increase of $41 million year-over-year. Adjusted other income and expense was a net expense in the quarter of $19 million, $9 million higher than Q4 2022. This is primarily due to changes in non-operating FX. For the full year, adjusted other income and expense was a net expense of $16 million compared to a net income of $14 million in 2022. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter and for the full year was 10%. This was 280 basis points lower than Q4 last year and 300 basis points lower for the full year, reflecting the results of our tax planning activities. Average diluted shares were 388 million in Q4, approximately 5 million lower year-over-year driven by share repurchases net of options. And shortly after the year-end in January 2024, we repurchased $3 billion of shares. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, full year cash flow from operations was $8.4 billion and as I mentioned earlier, free cash flow was $7 billion after investing $1.4 billion of net capital expenditures. We returned $136 million of capital to shareholders through dividends in Q4 and $523 million for the full year. During the year, we invested $3.7 billion on completed acquisitions and committed $3.1 billion to the acquisition of Olink, which we expect to close by mid-2024. We ended the quarter with $8.1 billion in cash and $34.9 billion of total debt. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.2 times gross debt to adjusted EBITDA and 2.5 times on a net debt basis. Concluding my comments on our total company performance, adjusted ROIC was 12%, reflecting the strong return on investment that we're generating across the company. Now provide some color on the performance of our four business segments. Let me start with a couple of framing comments. The scale and margin profile of our pandemic-related revenue varies by segment, and that revenue was higher in the prior year so that does skew some of the reported segment growth rates and margins. In 2023, we continue to execute strong pricing realization across all segments to address inflation. Moving on to the segment details, starting with Life Sciences Solutions, Q4 reported revenue in this segment declined 19%, and organic revenue was 20% lower than the prior year quarter. This was driven by the runoff of our pandemic-related revenue in this segment as well as lower levels of activity in our bioproduction business versus the year ago quarter. For the full year, reported and organic revenue was 26% lower than 2022. Q4 adjusted operating income for Life Science Solutions decreased 14% and adjusted operating margin was 36.2%, up 210 basis points versus the prior year quarter. During the quarter, we delivered exceptionally strong productivity, which was partially offset by unfavorable volume pull-through. The team has done an excellent job of appropriately managing the cost base and dealing with the unwind of the pandemic. For the full year, adjusted operating income declined 39% and adjusted operating margin was 34.3%. In the Analytical Instruments segments, reported revenue increased 8% in Q4 and organic growth was also 8%. The strong growth in this segment this quarter was led by the electron microscopy business. For the full year, both reported and organic revenue were 10% higher than 2022. In this segment, Q4 adjusted operating income increased 23% and adjusted operating margin was 28.8%, up 340 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we delivered strong productivity and volume pull-through, which is partially offset by FX and strategic investments. For the full year, adjusted operating income increased 27% and adjusted operating margin was 26.3%, an increase of 350 basis points versus the prior year. Turning to Specialty Diagnostics, in Q4, reported revenue declined 1% and organic revenue was 7% lower than the prior year quarter. In Q4, we continued to see strong underlying growth in the core led by transplant diagnostics, microbiology and immunodiagnostics businesses. This was offset by lower pandemic-related revenue versus the year ago quarter. For the full year, reported revenue declined 8% and organic revenue was down 13%. Q4 adjusted operating income for Specialty Diagnostics increased 27% in the quarter and adjusted operating margin was 23.9%, which is 530 basis points higher than Q4 of 2022. In Q4, we delivered strong productivity and favorable business mix, which was partially offset by the lower -- the impact of lower COVID-19 testing volume and strategic investments. For the full year, adjusted operating income was 10% higher than 2022 and adjusted operating margin was 25.5%, an increase of 400 basis points versus 2022. Finally, in the Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment, Q4 reported revenue decreased 4% and organic revenue was 5% lower than the prior year quarter. This was driven by the runoff of vaccines and therapies revenue and the phasing of revenue in our Pharma Services business within 2023 as had been expected. For the full year, both reported and organic revenue were 2% higher than 2022. In this segment, Q4 adjusted operating income declined 4% and adjusted operating margin was 14%, which is 10 basis points lower than Q4 2022. In the quarter, we delivered strong productivity, which is more than offset by unfavorable volume mix. For the full year, adjusted operating income was 17% higher than the prior year and adjusted operating margin was 14.6%, an increase of 180 basis points versus 2022. Let me now turn to guidance, and as Marc outlined, we're initiating a 2024 revenue guidance range of $42.1 billion to $43.3 billion and adjusted EPS guidance range of $20.95 to $22. Our guidance assumes core organic revenue growth in the range of minus 1% to positive 1% for 2024. Our view on the expected market conditions in 2024 has not changed significantly from our initial framing for the year shared on the last earnings call. We're assuming that the market declines in the low single digits this year, our growth strategy and PPI Business System execution will enable us to continue to take share once again this year. Our current estimate of pandemic-related revenue in 2024 is just under $100 million of testing revenue and $300 million to $400 million of vaccines and therapies-related revenue. In total, this represents a year-over-year headwind of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion or 3% of revenue. M&A is expected to increase revenue by $175 million year-over-year, the combination of six months of Olink revenue and the inorganic portion of CorEvitas revenue in 2024. At current rates, we expect FX to be neutral year-over-year to both revenue and adjusted EPS. From a phasing standpoint, FX is expected to be a slight headwind in Q1 and an offsetting tailwind in the second half. Turning to margins, our 2024 guidance range assumes adjusted operating income margins between 22.3% and 22.8%. We continue to aggressively manage our cost base, and that's reflected in this margin outlook. In terms of the range for the margins, that's driven by the revenue range that I provided. We'll continue to use the PPI Business System to not only manage costs very carefully, but also continue to make the right long-term investments to enable us to further advance our industry leadership. Strong underlying productivity and cost controls, including the carryover benefit from the cost actions put in place last year, are expected to largely offset the runoff in the remaining pandemic-related revenue inflation and a normalization of incentive compensation across the company to appropriately invest in our colleagues. Below the line, we expect approximately $430 million of net interest expense in 2024 and expect adjusted other income and expense to net close to zero. We assume that adjusted income tax rate will be 10.5% in 2024 and below the tax line, you should factor in $20 million of profit elimination related to minority interests. We're expecting between $1.3 billion and $1.5 billion of net capital expenditures in 2024, and we're assuming free cash flow is in the range of $6.5 billion and $7 billion for the year. In terms of capital deployment, our guidance assumes $3 billion of share buybacks, which, as I mentioned earlier, were already completed in January and we estimate the full year average diluted share count will be approximately 383 million shares. We're assuming that we'll return approximately $600 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends, and we're assuming that we closed the acquisition of Olink by midyear. And finally, I wanted to touch on quarterly phasing for the year as there are a few things to consider. First, in terms of organic revenue growth we expect Q1 to be better sequentially than Q4 2023 by 1 to 2 points and then improve each quarter during the year. Implied in that is core organic revenue growth in Q1 similar to Q4 2023. And core organic revenue growth is also expected to improve each quarter during the year, leading to moderate growth in the second half of the year. From a margin standpoint, we expect Q1 to be just under 21% and increase each quarter throughout the year from that level. And we expect Q1 adjusted earnings per share to be approximately 22% of the full year. So in conclusion, we navigated the challenging environment in 2023 very successfully. We stepped up for our customers and delivered differentiated financial performance for our shareholders. We continue to manage the company with agility, and we're really well positioned for the year ahead. I look forward to updating you on our progress as we go through the year. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Raf.
Rafael Tejada: Thank you, Stephen. Operator, we're ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from the line of Jack Meehan from Nephron Research.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. Marc, if you look at the business -- so if you look at the business, I think the question is that you start to see some recovery. Could you talk about what parts you think could grow more or less above market and just what that can mean in terms of revenue and earnings?
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So Jack, when I think about last year and you've heard us say delivering differentiated short-term performance, strengthen the company for the long term kind of simultaneously, we had the opportunity to look at, obviously, for the first nine months of how others have done, and we looked at those companies that preannounced or reported so far. And we had a really strong year in terms of delivering above-market growth, which means share gain, right. And that share gain actually was broad-based in terms of the performance. You look at things like Analytical Instruments, very strong; clinical research, pharma services. These businesses did well. And by the absence of some, I'm not implying anything in the others. This is a very strong year relative to a challenged set of market conditions. As I think to the future, we're well positioned in those businesses to continue our share gain momentum. We made an assumption for this year, which is pretty much the same as what we said back in late October, is that we're assuming that for the full year, it's going to be pretty similar to 2023 and a mirror image, meaning that we start to lap comps as the year unfolds and we wind up with the market being down slightly in the low single digits and us performing better than that level. So I'm excited about what the year unfolds and our position to deliver differentiated performance. And we're certainly going to capitalize on any improvements in the market and hold ourselves to a very high standard of what good looks like.
Jack Meehan: Okay. And are there specific businesses you can talk about, so as an example in the script, I think you talked about transitioning capacity, new therapies. So like in a potential recovery, like what -- can you talk about how you expect phasing for Patheon and some of -- and the bioprocessing business?
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So when I think about the year, we basically use a range of outcomes for each of our businesses in terms of how they perform. I believe that the second half of the year based on lapping the comps as well as we're expecting that the market conditions improve slightly as the year unfolds. And that helps with demand for the industry and for us is how I would think about the business in aggregate is the way that we manage the company. So thank you, Jack.
Jack Meehan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Dan Arias from Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is now open. 
Daniel Arias: Good morning guys, thanks for the questions. Marc, obviously, a lot of discussion on destocking across the industry. Can you just maybe add some color to where you think you are with that process and maybe draw a distinction for us between the inventory work-down that's taking place on the bioprocess side specifically versus more routine consumables, if you split it that way, are the drawdowns kind of happening at a similar pace and ending in a similar time or do you think we should sort of keep those two buckets separately or think of them differently?
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So Dan, I guess, let me start with sort of bioproduction, which I think is the essence of the question, and then maybe I'll step one level above that. In terms of bioproduction, it is an incredibly good long-term market. Historically, it's been an incredibly good market. Sort of a taboo name these days, right, in terms of bioproduction, caused a lot of volatility during certainly 2023 in the industry. For us, a couple of facts, it's a little bit under 10% of our revenue, and we have best-in-class bioprocessing products with an incredible global footprint. We have leading positions in cell culture media, single-use technologies, and increasingly important purification business as we grow our share position there. When I think about the fourth quarter, we did see a sequential pickup in orders in Q4 versus Q3. But the underlying activity is still muted, right, in the market. So we didn't see an inflection. We weren't expecting one and we didn't see one in the fourth quarter. Our view is that it will normalize as the year unfolds and as I've said in an investor conference earlier in the year, no one is going to get rewarded for calling the moment of when that inflection happens. So it will play out during the course of the year, and the long-term fundamentals here are very strong. When I think about our businesses in general coming into the year, I think the things that are very exciting is the trusted partner status that we have earned with our customers over many, many years. We're in the room with the decision-makers. We understand what's on their mind. We're incredibly well positioned. And if I think about the midterm outlook for clinical research, for Pharma Services, for bioproduction, for our channel business, it's incredibly well positioned, right, in terms of we're part of helping our customers bring the breakthroughs to their pipeline, we're part of helping them navigate whatever the environment is. So hopefully, that's helpful. And then maybe the last comment that I would make is one of my takeaways from the many, many customer interactions that I had in the first month of the year was that in the biotech community, and what I mean by biotech, as I'll call it, the smaller companies, the capital market-dependent companies in the pharmaceutical segment, they were much more positive, right. They're seeing green shoots. They love the M&A activity that was happening at the end of the year that gets investors excited about new company formation, new rounds of capital. And while it's early and it will take some time, it's certainly the most optimistic that I've seen in the last five quarters in terms of what the tone was on their view. And I think that bodes very well for the coming few years. Thank you.
Daniel Arias: Okay. That's encouraging. Maybe just a follow-up on the AI piece, consistently solid growth there. I'm curious if you're just still carrying a backlog in microscopy. And can you maybe just talk a little bit about lead times and order conversion this year, is the assumption that those might get extended as we move through the year or do you think maybe you can be stable relative to where we are today? Thanks. 
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So when I think about the performance of our Analytical Instruments business with double-digit growth for the full year, it's awesome. Really a tremendous year. It was across all three businesses. The backlog that we carried into the beginning of 2023, those things largely cleared in the first half of 2023. So we're at -- we've been normal lead times, normal shipping times really for about six months now in terms of that already. So we're kind of in a normal spot. And yeah, there won't be the repeat of the unwind of the pandemic impacts on the supply chain. The business is positioned for a good year and there's a high demand for the breakthrough technologies, whether it's in electron microscopy, or semiconductor, material science, life sciences or the Astral, right, [indiscernible] just incredible demand for those technologies. So we're excited for the upcoming year and the future of that business.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from the line of Derik De Bruin from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is now open. 
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good morning everyone. 
Marc N. Casper: Good morning Derik. 
Derik De Bruin: So Marc, I'm just sort of curious, last quarter you were talking about 1% core growth when you were sort of looking at your initial framework for 2024. If I heard you correctly, now it's plus or minus 1%. It didn't seem like Q4 got a lot worse in anything. So what -- sort of what's changed, are you more conservative on the PPD in these businesses, are you more conservative on just tough comps, I'm just sort of curious, what's embedded now in this like more conservative outlook?
Marc N. Casper: Stephen, why don't you...
Stephen Williamson: Yes. Let me provide some context on the guidance, kind of step back on that and then -- and hopefully help frame your question. So we provided an early framing for 2024 on our last call, and we had the insight on how Q4 played out and have completed our detailed planning work with our businesses. Through that process, our view on the market outlook has not changed significant. The guidance is not significantly different from the initial framing that we provided. It includes the latest view on FX, both rates and expected mix of revenue and cost by currency. That increased revenue from our initial framing, but no impact on operating income, which reduces our margins by 20 basis points from that initial framing. And then from an operational standpoint, I think the only item of note that's changed in the past three months is a discrete item in our Pharma Services business. We're transitioning some of our sterile fill finish capacity from COVID vaccine support to GLP-1 support. Would have been expecting to recognize an upfront fee in Q1 2024. Now the accounting is finalized, we expect to recognize that benefit in line with production, which actually starts in 2025. So it shifted approximately $0.20 out of Q1 2024, and that's had some impact on -- in terms of the reported core growth. And then one other comment on the guidance is that we thought it best to provide a range, not a point estimate. So things are more helpful for our investors and the range of outcomes for the year. Now the range doesn't encapsulate every possible scenario for the year, but it does capture the reasonably likely scenarios of how the year can play out as we see it today. And the range is about $1 billion to a revenue and $1.05 of adjusted EPS, which I think is appropriate given the scale of the company. But hopefully, it kind of tees up kind of the framing for the guide.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. And a little bit more, how should we sort of think about the segment margins as we go through, I mean, I'm just sort of looking -- I mean you've seen really good progress in LSS, and it may seem a good progress in your margins, expansion of margins across all of them. But I'm just sort of thinking about how should we think about LPS and given where you were in the -- is that 14% margin range that we're seeing for the full year, is that sort of sustainable, does that fall back next year, I'm just trying to figure out where the margin hit is on given relative to what our expectations were?
Stephen Williamson: In terms of the margin profile for the -- we finished the year at exactly where we guided to for the full year for our margin profile for the company. And I think some of the changes in terms of Q4 versus between the segments, I don't think everyone quite understood the phasing of our revenue within lab products and biopharma services. So when I see some of the pre-call notes, this is, I think, a little bit different in terms of what some expectations. But from our expectations internally, Q4 played out as we'd expected. And then from margins going forward, I think the margin profile that we have today, I'm not calling a significant difference in margin profile going forward into next year. And I think where we are on landing point on margins for the segments is probably a good starting point for the -- to think about for the year ahead.
Derik De Bruin: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Doug Schenkel from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is now open. 
Douglas Schenkel: Alright, good morning everybody. Thanks for taking the questions. 
Marc N. Casper: Good morning Doug, welcome back. 
Douglas Schenkel: Thanks, great to be back. And working with great focus like you and the team. So I want to start just with a high-level LRP question, and then my follow-up is really just a clarification on LPS. So on the LRP, Marc, you've been consistent in saying that Thermo is built to grow two to three points better than the peer group over the long term. That said, you did talk about 7% to 9% growth as recently as last year's Analyst Day. I'm sure the two to three points hasn't changed. But as we flip the calendar, is it fair to say that the 7% to 9% growth rate maybe is a little bit high, even in a more normalized environment, I just want to give you an opportunity to maybe just adjust that as we kind of flip the calendar and look ahead? And below the top line, you've done a fantastic job, as always, leaning operations in a more challenging period. Never let a good crisis go to waste. Your guidance suggests to me, at least on the surface, that you may be investing more in the near term. But as we think about a return to normal, I'm just wondering if you think we could get some outsized incremental margin flow-through for the business as the business normalizes? So let me leave it there, and then I'll ask a quick follow-up on LPS in a second.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So Doug, thanks for the question. In terms of the long-range outlook, right, we raised our outlook in late in 2021. And what that -- at that moment, we can't remember exactly what that moment was, but we were growing 25%, right. We were growing at an extraordinary organic rate. And what we wanted to do was give our investors a very long-term view of what is the market and what is our position in the market, right. And in terms of our ability to gain share, three points, I think -- two, three, I use three for simplicity. Three points faster than the market is kind of the standard we hold ourselves to. And we've been delivering that for a while, and we've been growing share for a really long while for many, many, many years. And so nothing has changed there. In terms of the market growth, where the market was extraordinary when we set it, we said 4% to 6% was going to be our underlying market growth, and that was higher than 3% to 5%. And the change was actually just that we had a larger exposure to pharma and biotech as we built our business capability there. When I look to the future and I think about what's going on in the drivers of the long term in our industry, I feel incredibly confident that this is a 4% to 6% growth industry and that we're well positioned to grow, for simplicity, three points faster than that, so 7% to 9%. So while I get the question a lot and obviously, in a period where we delivered 1% core growth in 2023, that's a long way from 7% to 9%. But our view on the market declining low single digits last year reflects at least a share gain component. And when I look to the future, I continue to remain very confident in the long-term health of the industry. I've had some really interesting discussions with investors and basically went through the logic saying, if you're bullish on life science tools, diagnostics, pharma services, you're probably at 6% long-term growth. And if you're bearish on the life science tools, diagnostics and pharma services, you're probably at 4% industry growth. But you have to be incredibly bearish on the world to actually get to less than 4% industry growth for the long term in our segment because this -- we really are a GDP-plus-type business in terms of the markets that we serve. So hopefully, that gives you at least a sense of how we think about it and while I appreciate the offer to change our outlook, I couldn't be more confident in the future of our industry and our competitive position. In terms of the below the line, the very high-level concept, I do believe that as you see volumes grow at more normalized rate, you'll see a very strong flow-through on the margins. And part of what's going on with the margins for this year is we reset our incentive compensation for our colleagues back to normalized levels after a year of below that. So just the math as you have some level of headwind embedded in the easier numbers, nothing different than we expected in October. But that's part of why you don't see as much of the margin step-up that one would expect to have.
Douglas Schenkel: Okay. I'm going to -- I'll leave the LPS question for another day. But I guess, the other part of my question on the margins, Marc was obviously, you got to pay people, you got to reset things. In a period where you're not growing as much, this is where Thermo has historically played offense while others have played defense to a certain extent. So I'm just wondering if you're actually pulling forward some investment early in the year and that could over the next several quarters lead to even better-than-expected margin flow-through as the company returns to a more normalized period.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. Doug, I think the example that I gave on the GLP-1 contract is we're basically standing up a facility for a customer. We're getting paid a fee to do that. We get to recognize that fee over the production volumes, and we're incurring substantial costs in the interim in 2024, which will create good accretive growth going forward. That's one good example. And we're continuing to invest in innovation across the company. And we're not lessening our drive here to really drive great long-term growth. So we're appropriately managing our cost, top line environment, but we're making sure that we're actually putting the right investments in place and to make sure that, that top line environment stays and the outlook stays as good as we -- as much as articulated.
Douglas Schenkel: Okay, I will leave it there. Thanks so much. 
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is now open. 
Vijay Kumar: Hi Marc, good morning and thanks for taking my question. My first one Marc, when I look at the annual guidance here, the core is flattish at the midpoint. But excluding the vaccine headwinds, it's about three points. That's a pretty solid guide. The three things that have come up is China, the CRO business, and analytical tech. Can you just remind us what China and what PPD did in fiscal 2023 and is the guide assuming those three pieces, China, CRO and analytical tech, is that at 3%, about 3%, below 3%? Thank you. 
Marc N. Casper: So Vijay, thanks for the question. So when I think about the performance of our businesses, certainly last year and certainly as we look to the future, last year, just spectacular performance in our clinical research business. Really, the team, unbelievably good job in terms of the results. I think that in a way, we probably undersold the details, not the numbers as much as what actually was going on because there's so many different things we were communicating. But if I think about clinical research, it's a little over two years after the acquisition, phenomenal acquisition. Customers love the business performing well, colleagues doing a great job. And it's been a big success. The business in the pandemic played the largest role in supporting the clinical trials on vaccines, and at the same time, delivered by far the fastest, I'll call it, underlying growth, excluding all of the COVID activity, just crushed it. And that means for this year, we have both a roll-off, which we've given transparency to on a big chunk of the vaccine revenue, which is fine. And we have generated a really substantial comparison, which is cool. Like we -- that's a good challenge to have in terms of the great performance. So we would expect that the business' growth would be much more moderate this year just based on the comparisons. But the future, meaning looking out into 2025 and beyond, this is a really strong business, long-term, high single-digit growth business plus the synergies it's driving. So I feel really great about that. And then a quick comment just on China and which is unrelated to clinical research but sort of the other element of your question. China, market conditions were challenged in 2023. First quarter was really strong, lots of stimulus, all of those good things. But then -- so that was China effectively. We're not calling for a meaningful improvement in China this year. Rather, we lap the comparisons as the year unfolds. So it becomes a little bit less of a headwind. We all know that at some point, the Chinese government will create some mechanism of stimulus. Whether that's direct or confidence or whatever it does, we don't know when that will happen. But at some point, it will improve the market conditions because the needs for what we do is very high. So I'm bullish on the long term being better in China than what we've been experiencing currently, and it will take some time to get there. Thanks, Vijay. Go ahead.
Vijay Kumar: Stephen, just one quick one for you. On Q1, I think operating margin, slightly under 21%. I think the EPS is around $4.70-ish. Is that just the outsized impact from incentive comp reset, just want to understand the Q1 margin cadence?
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So when I think about the margin in Q1, that's definitely an element when you look at it year-over-year and kind of sequentially as well. So when I think about it year-over-year -- so there's -- obviously, we have a significant drag from the lower pandemic revenue and the reset of the incentive comp. That's just under 200 basis points in total and then about 100 basis points contribution from the core business despite the lower dollars of revenue. And the key driver there being the impact of the cost actions that we've taken over the past year. So to give you a way to frame the margin in Q1. And then yes, the margin profile grows each quarter as the revenue dollars grow during the year in terms of the profile for the year ahead. Thanks Vijay.
Vijay Kumar: Its helpful. Thank you guys. 
Rafael Tejada: Operator we have time for one more question. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today comes from the line of Tejas Savant from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is now open. 
Tejas Savant: Hey guys, good morning. And thanks for the time here. Marc, just a follow-up on your China commentary there, more in terms of the long-term opportunity. You've talked in the past about that being an important market for you growing at the higher end of your outlook for the company. Recently, there's been a thawing in relations over the last month or so. I think you've kind of alluded to that as well and some high-level government engagement. But then a little while ago, we got word of this Biosecure Act legislation. Can you just help us think through sort of what that entails for you, perhaps an opportunity to be more front footed and gain share in the near-term on the services side versus kind of the long-term risk of a potential blowback from the Chinese side in terms of U.S. MNCs operating in that market? That would be super helpful. Thank you. 
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So thanks for the question. In terms of China, a market that we've been in for 40 years, a set of capabilities that we built over a long period of time that's helped Chinese society, right, and created American jobs as part of it. Better food supply, addressing air pollution, helping produce medicines for the local population, we have a great reputation. I've had the honor of being the Chair of the U.S.-China Business Council over the last couple of years and interacting both with the U.S. administration and the Chinese government. And while it's clear to me that the short-term GDP environment is challenged in China, that the needs for what our industry does and what Thermo Fisher does for the long term is good. It will be a solid growth market, certainly one of the faster-growing geographies in the long-term. In terms of the relations between the countries, yes, I agree with your sentiment, there is a thawing. And in terms of potential legislation, there are thousands of bills that are written that don't happen. So until something sort of matures through the process, it's hard to really know whether it comes to pass and what the exact implications. And my quick read of what they're working on in this particular one, it really is basically an opportunity for non-Chinese companies to have a stronger position in serving Federal Government-related entities. So that's sort of the essence of that. And obviously, as a non-Chinese company, we'd be well positioned to support the U.S. government. So thank you for the question. Let me just do a quick wrap on the call. So thanks everyone for participating in our call today. We entered this year with strong momentum. We're in a great position to deliver an excellent year in 2024. As always, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific, and we look forward to updating you as the year progresses. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2023 Third Quarter Conference Call. My name is Ellen and I'll be the operator for today's call. During the presentation, all lines will be on mute. However, there will be an opportunity for a question-and-answer session at the end. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Rafael Tejada, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Tejada, you may begin the call.
Rafael Tejada: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is, Marc Casper, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website thermofisher.com, under the heading News Events and Presentations until November 10, 2023. A copy of the press release of our third quarter 2023 earnings is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our safe harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q which are on file with the SEC and available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials, SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any dates subsequent to today. Also, during this call, we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is available in the press release of our third quarter 2023 earnings and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thank you, Raf. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our third quarter call. Let me recap our financial performance for the quarter and then I'll provide additional context on what we're seeing play out in the macro-economy and the implications for our guidance. In the third quarter, our revenue was $10.57 billion. Our adjusted operating income grew 8% to $2.56 billion, and we expanded our adjusted operating margin 200 basis points to 24.2% -- 24.2%, and we delivered excellent growth in adjusted EPS, achieving a 12% increase to $5.69 per share. We delivered a very strong third quarter. In the quarter, the market environment continued to get more challenging. So I thought that it would be best to update you on what we're seeing and the implications on our guidance for the full year. As a reminder, coming out of the second quarter, we assumed core market growth to be in the zero to 2% range for the year, driven by two factors, cautious customer spending and low economic activity in China. As we indicated in September, those same two factors increased in impact and we now expect core market growth to be slightly negative for the year. Our team did a good job capitalizing on the available opportunities in the quarter and we continue to expect to grow faster than the market for the full year and to once again deliver share gain in 2023. Factoring in the current macroeconomic conditions that I discussed, as well as the related increase in FX headwinds, we're revising our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance for 2023. We now expect revenue to be $42.7 billion and adjusted EPS to be $21.50 per share. Stephen will outline the underlying assumptions later in the call, along with some thoughts to help frame 2024. So as I look ahead, the combination of our proven growth strategy and PPI Business System will enable us to successfully navigate dynamic times, positioning us to deliver differentiated short-term performance and simultaneously strengthening our long-term competitive position and outlook. The long-term prospect for our industry remain as bright as ever. Science continues to advance at a rapid pace and our tools are used by scientists for the most important work that they do, providing the foundation for the scientific breakthroughs they enable. And our capabilities enable the pharma and biotech industry, which is addressing so many unmet healthcare needs. Let me now turn to our Q3 revenue performance in the context of our end markets. Starting with pharma and biotech, growth declined 1% for the quarter. The COVID-19 vaccine and therapy revenue runoff performed as expected during the quarter, resulting in a headwind in this customer segment. In Q3, performance in this end-market was led by our pharma services business. In academic and government, we grew in the high single-digits in the quarter. We delivered very strong growth in our electron microscopy and chromatography and mass spectrometry businesses. In industrial and applied, growth was flat for the third quarter. Performance in this end-market was led by our electron microscopy business. And finally, diagnostics and healthcare, in Q3 revenue was approximately 20% lower than the prior-year quarter. In this end-market, the team delivered good core business growth highlighted by our immunodiagnostics, microbiology, and transplant diagnostics businesses. We made strong progress on our growth strategy in Q3. As a reminder, our strategy consists of three pillars, high-impact innovation, our trusted partner status with customers, and our unparalleled commercial engine. Starting with innovation, it was another great quarter for the company. We launched a number of high-impact new products across our businesses that are further strengthening our industry leadership and providing our customers with new technologies to enable breakthroughs in their work. Let me start with a brief update on the groundbreaking Thermo Scientific Astral, which we launched at the American Society of Mass Spectrometry in June. Demand has been very strong and it's great to see these instruments being so quickly adopted by our customers for their protein discovery research. In the quarter, we launched the EXENT Solution in Europe after receiving IVDR certification. It's the latest innovation from our protein diagnostics business, which as you know became part of Thermo Fisher with the acquisition of The Binding Site at the beginning of the year. EXENT complements our leading portfolio of assays that help to diagnose and monitor blood protein abnormalities related to multiple myeloma and other disorders. In our bioproduction business, we introduced the Gibco CTS Detachable Dynabeads, our next-generation Dynabeads platform to accelerate manufacturing of life-changing cell therapies. And in our electron microscopy business, we launched the Thermo Scientific Hydro Bio Plasma focused ion beam, providing high-resolution imaging along with a simplified workflow for cell biologists. And earlier this week, Time Magazine selected Thermo Fisher's preeclampsia test as one of Time's 2023 best innovation -- best inventions. As you may recall, this is the first and only immunoassay to aid in the risk assessment and clinical management of preeclampsia and it received FDA breakthrough designation and clearance earlier in the year. Now turning to the trusted partner status we've earned with our customers. This unique relationship gives us early insights into our customers' unmet needs and enables us to bring our industry-leading products, services and expertise together in ways that no one else can. We continue to strengthen our capabilities to be an even stronger partner for our customers. As you know, we've had strong demand for our biologics drug substance manufacturing capabilities. And during the quarter, we completed an expansion of our site in St. Louis, Missouri. This facility supports therapies for a wide range of diseases, including cancer, autoimmune conditions and rare genetic disorders. It features our new Thermo Scientific high-performer DynaDrive 5,000-liter single-use bioreactor, which is a significant advancement in single-use technology. The DynaDrive offers better performance and is scalable to much larger volumes than previous generation bioreactors. We also further strengthened our clinical research offering by opening a facility in Ohio to produce sample collection kits for clinical trials. This enables us to deliver customized kits to our clients and provide greater supply-chain stability to support their trucks. As always, our PPI Business System in our mission-driven culture enabled our success during the quarter. PPI engages and powers all of our colleagues to find a better way every day and it enables us to improve quality, productivity and customer regions while also helping us to navigate a dynamic environment. I am proud of our team's efforts, which resulted in strong operating margin expansion in the quarter. We continue to successfully execute our disciplined capital deployment strategy, which is a combination of strategic M&A and returning capital to shareholders. It's been a very active year. As I mentioned earlier, we closed the Binding Site in January. The business is performing exceedingly well. During the quarter, we completed our acquisition of CorEvitas, a leading provider of regulatory-grade real-world evidence for approved medical treatments and therapies. As a reminder, real-world evidence is the collection and use of data from patient health outcomes gathered through routine clinical care. This is a high-growth market segment as pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers, as well as regulating bodies, are increasingly looking to monitor and evaluate the safety of approved medicines and examine their effectiveness and value in the post-approval setting. The business is now part of our clinical research business and it's off to a great start. Shortly after the close of the quarter, we announced the agreement to acquire Olink, a company that is accelerating proteomics. Olink's products enable leading academic researchers and the biopharmaceutical companies to gain an understanding of disease at the protein level rapidly and efficiently. Its proprietary technology Proximity Extension Assay provides high-throughput protein analysis. The acquisition of Olink underscores the profound impact that proteomics is having as our customers continue to advance life science research and precision medicine. This technology is highly complementary to our leading mass spectrometry and life sciences platforms, and we're uniquely positioned to rapidly bring this technology to customers. We expect to deliver $125 million in adjusted operating income synergies in year five, driven by revenue synergies and cost efficiencies. We expect this business to be a mid-teens revenue growth business for us well into the future. The transaction is targeted to be closed by mid-2024, subject to customary closing conditions including regulatory approvals. So, 2023 has been an active year of M&A that further strengthened Thermo Fisher Scientific for the future. During the quarter, we continued to advance our environmental, social and governance priorities. This included launching a collaboration with the National Minority Quality Forum, a not-for-profit research and education organization to help bring clinical research to historically underserved patient populations through their alliance or representative clinical trials. The collaboration supports pharma and biotech customers in meeting regulatory expectations to enroll and retain patients in clinical trials, who more fully reflect real-world populations experiencing the disease or health condition being studied. And it also helps to enable our customers to meet US Food and Drug Administration requirements around diversity action plans. In terms of our environmental sustainability efforts, we've officially surpassed our original goal to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 30% by 2030. As we previously announced, we've increased our target to a 50% reduction by 2030, and we're well on our way to achieving that goal. I'm very proud of the way we're making a difference, not only by enabling our customer success but also by creating a greater work environment for our colleagues and making a positive impact for society. So to summarize our key takeaways from the third quarter. We delivered a strong operating performance in Q3, driven by our team's execution and the power of our PPI Business System. Given the more challenging macroeconomic environment, we're taking the right actions and appropriately managing the company, and we're incredibly focused on delivering differentiated short-term performance while simultaneously strengthening our long-term competitive position and outlook. The attractive long-term outlook for the life sciences industry remains unchanged and we're uniquely positioned to help our customers navigate the current environment, capture incremental opportunities and exit this period an even stronger industry leader with a very bright future. With that, I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in our press release and as Marc just outlined, while the macroeconomic environment became more challenging in the third quarter, we continued to deliver differentiated performance. In Q3, we delivered $10.6 billion of revenue, which included 1% core organic revenue growth. Our PPI Business System enabled us to generate 200 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion and we delivered $5.69 of adjusted EPS, a 12% increase over Q3 last year. We're continuing to successfully navigate the current environment. Let me now provide you with some additional details on our performance, beginning with our earnings results. As I mentioned, we delivered $5.69 of adjusted EPS in Q3. GAAP EPS in the quarter was $4.42. On the top line, reported revenue was 1% lower year-over-year. The components of our Q3 reported revenue included 3% lower organic revenue, 1% contribution from acquisitions and a tailwind of 1% from foreign exchange. Turning to our organic revenue performance by geography. The organic growth rates by region are skewed by the pandemic-related revenue in the current and prior year. In Q3, North America declined mid-single digits, Europe grew in the low single-digits, Asia-Pacific declined in the low single-digits with China declining in the high single-digits. With respect to our operational performance, adjusted operating income in the quarter increased 8% and adjusted operating margin was 24.2%, 200 basis points higher than Q3 last year. In the quarter, we delivered exceptionally strong productivity and achieved good price realization. This is partially offset by lower pandemic-related revenue, continued strategic investments and FX. The strength of our productivity reflects the impact of our PPI Business System. It's enabling us to manage our cost base appropriately given the macro conditions. Total Company adjusted gross margin in the quarter came in at 42%, 30 basis points higher than Q3 last year. Moving on to the details of the P&L. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 14.8% of revenue, an improvement of 140 basis points over Q3 last year. Total R&D expense was $320 million in Q3, reflecting our ongoing investments in high-impact innovation. R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue was 6.7% in the quarter. Looking at our results below the line for the quarter, our net interest expense was $113 million, which is similar to Q3 last year. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 10%, which is 180 basis points lower than Q3 last year, reflecting results of our tax planning activities. Average diluted shares were 388 million in Q3, approximately 7 million lower year-over-year, driven by share repurchases, net of option dilution. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Year-to-date cash flow from operations was $4.7 billion. Year-to-date free cash flow was $3.7 billion, after investing $1 billion of net capital expenditures. During the quarter, we returned $136 million of capital to shareholders through dividends and we deployed just over $900 million of capital for the acquisition of CorEvitas. We ended the quarter with $6.2 billion in cash and $35.3 billion of total debt. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.2 times gross debt-to-adjusted EBITDA and 2.7 times on a net-debt basis. In concluding my comments on our total company performance, adjusted ROIC was 12%, reflecting the strong returns on investment that we're generating across the company. I'll now provide some color on the performance of our four business segments. Let me start with a couple of framing comments. The scale and margin profile of our pandemic-related revenue varies by segments and that revenue was higher in the prior year. So that does skew some of the reported segment growth rates and margins. Let me continue to execute strong pricing realization across all segments to address inflation. Moving on to the segment details, starting with Life Sciences Solutions. Q3 reported revenue in this segment declined 18% and organic revenue was 19% lower than the prior year quarter. This is driven predominantly by the run-off of our pandemic-related revenue in the segment versus the year-ago quarter. Q3 adjusted operating income for Life Sciences Solutions decreased 16% and adjusted operating margin was 35.9%, up 80 basis points versus the prior-year quarter. During the quarter, we delivered exceptionally strong productivity and had favorable FX, which was partially offset by unfavorable volume mix. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue increased 8% in Q3 and organic growth was also 8%. The strong growth in this segment this quarter was led by our electron microscopy business. In this segment, Q3 adjusted operating income increased 21% and adjusted operating margin was 26.7%, up 290 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we delivered very strong productivity and had strong volume pull-through, which is partially offset by FX and strategic investments. Turing to Specialty Diagnostics, in Q3 reported revenue increased 2% and organic revenue was 6% lower than the prior-year quarter. In Q3, we continued to see strong underlying growth in the core, led by our immunodiagnostics, microbiology and transplant diagnostics businesses. This was offset by lower pandemic-related revenue versus the year-ago quarter. Q3 adjusted operating income for Specialty Diagnostics increased 29% in the quarter and adjusted operating margin was 26.1%, which is 550 basis points higher than Q3 2022. During the quarter, we delivered a favorable volume mix and very strong productivity. That was partially offset by the impact of lower COVID-19 testing volume and strategic investments. Finally, in Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment, Q3 reported revenue increased 3% and organic growth was 1%. During Q3, organic revenue growth in this segment was led by the pharma services business. In this segment, Q3 adjusted operating income increased 29% and adjusted operating margin was 16.4%, which is 340 basis points higher than Q3 2022. During the quarter, we delivered exceptionally strong productivity and a favorable mix, which is partially offset by FX. Let me now turn to guidance. As Marc outlined, we're revising our full-year 2023 guidance to reflect the more challenging macroeconomic environment. Our revised estimate for 2023 is revenue of $42.7 billion with core organic revenue growth of just under 1%, and $21.50 of adjusted EPS. Let me now provide you with some details behind the changing guidance versus the estimate we provided on our last earnings call. Starting with revenue, our revised guidance is $850 million lower than the prior outlook. $200 million of this is driven by an increased headwind from FX. We've increased our guide by $45 million to reflect the acquisition of CorEvitas, and the rest of the change is due to our lower core revenue assumption. We now see core organic growth for the year of just under 1%, which is a little less than 2% lower than the prior guide. This is driven by the same factors that we've seen throughout the year, the weak economic conditions in China and cautious spending in general across our customer base. And as we indicated during Q3, these factors increased in impact during the quarter and our assumption is that the conditions we saw at the end of Q3 will continue throughout the remainder of the year, and as a result, we now expect core market growth for our industry to be slightly negative for the year. However, we continue to effectively navigate the macro-dynamics and expect to continue to deliver differentiated core organic revenue growth for the year despite the more challenging conditions. Moving on to profitability. The revised guidance assumes a pull-through on the lower revenue of just over 40%, and we now expect our adjusted operating margin to be 22.9% for the year. We continue to use the PPI Business System to manage our costs appropriately given the market conditions. From an adjusted EPS standpoint, the revised guidance is $0.17 lower due to FX and $0.69 related to the change in core revenue. So we now expect to deliver $21.50 of adjusted EPS in 2023, a strong result given the challenging macro-environment. Let me now provide you with some additional details of the updated 2023 guidance. We continue to assume that we'll deliver $300 million of testing revenue in 2023. We expect the total vaccines and therapies-related revenue will be $1.6 billion less than the prior year, an impact of over 4% on our core organic revenue growth. This assumes we recognized $1.3 billion of vaccine therapies revenue in 2023, $600 million of which is in our clinical research business. Moving on to FX. Given recent rate changes, we're now assuming that FX will be a year-over-year headwind to revenue of approximately $100 million. And in terms of adjusted EPS, we now expect FX to be a year-over-year headwind of $0.28 which is $0.17 more of a headwind than our previous guidance. The Binding Site and CorEvitas acquisitions are performing well, and we now assume that they'll contribute approximately $300 million to our reported revenue growth for the year. Below the line, we now expect just under $500 million of net interest expense in 2023, a slight increase reflecting the acquisition of CorEvitas. We continue to assume that the adjusted tax rate for the -- 2023 will be 10%, and we're now expecting net capital expenditures will be between $1.3 billion and $1.5 billion. And we now expect the free cash flow will be between $6.7 billion and $6.9 billion for the year. In terms of capital deployment, our guidance includes $3 billion of share buybacks, which were already completed in January, $3.7 billion in acquisitions completed this year, and $3.1 billion committed to the acquisition of Olink, which we expect to close in 2024. We continue to assume that full-year average diluted share count will be approximately 388 million shares, and then we'll return approximately $540 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends, a 17% increase over 2022. So before I conclude my prepared remarks, I thought it'd be helpful to share some more detailed thoughts around how to frame 2024. At this point in time, a good starting assumption is that our core organic revenue growth in 2024 is similar to 2023, approximately 1% growth. With our proven growth strategy, we expect to continue to take share and that would mean market growth in 2024 will be similar to 2023 with the market declining 1 to 2 points. In terms of phasing of our core organic revenue growth, it's best to assume a more challenging first half and then moderate growth in the second half. The pandemic-related revenues both testing and total vaccines and therapies are likely to be around $300 million in 2024. This is a headwind of approximately $1.3 billion, or 3% of revenue. M&A is expected to increase revenue $175 million year-over-year. That's a combination of six months of Olink, and the inorganic portion of the CorEvitas revenue in 2024. And based on current rates, we would expect FX to be a headwind to revenue in 2024 of approximately $375 million, just under 1%. So wrapping all this together, 2024 revenue dollars will be very similar to 2023. In terms of adjusted operating income dollars, with this top-line setup, we would expect to deliver similar adjusted operating income dollars through 2023. We'll continue to use the PPI Business System to manage costs very carefully but also continue to make the right long-term investments to enable us to continue to strengthen our industry leadership. Strong underlying productivity and cost controls are expected to offset the run-off in the remaining pandemic revenue, inflation and the normalization of incentive compensation across the company and appropriate investments in our colleagues. Below-the-line and the interest income benefit from our cash generation and an assumption of $3 billion of buybacks in 2024 would more than offset the impact of a slight increase in our tax rate to 10.5%. All of this would enable us to deliver around $21.75 of adjusted EPS for the year. So the high-level summary is that with these assumptions, we'd expect 2024 core organic revenue growth to be similar to 2023. And then our proven growth strategy in PPI Business System would enable us to continue to manage the macro conditions and the run-off in pandemic revenue very effectively, so we can deliver revenue and profitability similar to 2023 and a slight increase in adjusted EPS. Now, should the market conditions be better than I just outlined, our growth strategy and proven execution capabilities will enable us to deliver the upside benefit. I look forward to providing you a formal guidance for 2024 on our next earnings call along with our usual supporting details for the year ahead. At that point, we'll have the insight from a full year of 2023, we'll have a better view on the macro conditions entering 2024. So in conclusion, we continue to navigate the environment really well, delivering differentiated financials and further strengthening our industry leadership. We remain really well-positioned to capitalize on additional opportunities as market growth normalizes over time. And as we think about our cost base, we're really well-positioned to drive strongly accretive growth going forward. Now let me turn the call-back over to, Raf.
Rafael Tejada: Operator, we're ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. We will now enter our Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Jack Meehan from Nephron Research. Jack, your line is now open. Please proceed.
Jack Meehan: Good morning, and thank you for all the color. Marc, a bigger-picture question. Upon greater reflection, how much of your decision to raise the long-term target to 7% to 9% do you think may have been based on the environment we're in? And I was curious, do you think it's prudent for investors to think of something lower than that in the medium term?
Marc Casper: Yeah. Jack, thanks for the question. When I think about the long-term guidance or our long-term targets, what's underlying it is 4% to 6% growth, right? I don't think there is any controversy -- market growth -- 4% to 6% market -- I don't think there is any controversy that we're going to grow meaningfully faster because if you look at the last 10 or 15 years, we've delivered superior organic growth and it keeps getting better and better relative to the market, right. So, the spread of 2, 3 points better than that, that's not in question, right, so at 4% to 6%, you get to the 7% to 9%. When I think about my 20-plus years in this industry, thinking about what the historical growth is, what the drivers are for the growth, I feel 4% to 6% long-term market growth is actually the appropriate number that the things that the industry are going through now do not change my view that the long-term health of this industry is exceptionally bright and that you will see that return. And I can't call when exactly that returns, but what I can say is that the unmet healthcare needs and all the drivers that we talked about at our Analyst Day remain extraordinarily bright for the future. So thank you, Jack.
Jack Meehan: Thanks. And then maybe as a follow-up. The deterioration, kind of, in the market we've seen since second quarter earnings or even early September, what are you hearing from customers, like, as you try and diagnose what's happening here? And just what are your thoughts on kind of the recent increase in the 10-year -- how does that impact kind of the pace of the recovery as you see it?
Marc Casper: Yeah. So I've been out with customers. As you know, I do that a lot. I've been out on a definitely out there with our customer tour, both in Europe and the US, and earlier in the quarter, I was in China. So when I think about what our customers are saying, they are actually very bullish on the mid to long term, right? So there's quite a lot of opportunities for us. What I would say is short term, if you're visiting a smaller biotech customer, what you're seeing is concerns about when the funding environment is going to improve. So there's a level of caution. And I think that's generally across the customer base as customers are being cautious after a very robust pandemic period. But long term and the excitement and customers looking forward to the future with us, it's extremely positive. Anything on the non-term interest rate?
Stephen Williamson: No, I wouldn't think about the long-term interest rate. I think from a funding standpoint, I think there's a spread between interest rates and then what the kind of return we people are going to get on an investment. And as the valuation expectations moderate for our customers, that, I think the funding will start flowing better going forward. The timing of that will still be played out, but the return profile and the successful investment in biotech is still incredibly compelling. So long term, that will moderate appropriately.
Rafael Tejada: Thanks, Jack.
Jack Meehan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Jack. Our next question comes from Dan Brennan from TD Cowen. Dan, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Dan Brennan: Thank you. Thanks for the questions, guys. Maybe, Marc and Steve -- Stephen, excuse me, it's somewhat hard to reconcile just the magnitude of this end-market weakness just given the view towards the structural attractiveness of the -- kind of the customer drivers. So maybe could you just give us a lens on this outlook for '24, maybe first from like a geographic perspective China, how much of is that a driver towards like other reasons? And then B, it would be great to just learn about like within biopharma, your largest customer base, maybe some of the underlying factors that kind of pointed as very weak growth in bioprocess, pharma R&D. Marc, you just mentioned pre-commercial biotech. Just give us a little more color on what's driving you know the real, kind of, contracted growth outlook.
Marc Casper: Yeah. So, Dan, thanks for the question. I think the way that Stephen and I thought about giving an early view to 2024 is not based on us having finished our operating plan process which we do in December, and then when we actually lay out guidance, we do it based on how did the year finish, all of the details by business, by geography and then we figure out the details. We took the benefit of each of us having 20-plus years of experience in the industry, looking at the market conditions that we see today, and basically went through the assumptions of how could 2024 play out based on what we know today, right? So this is not a bottoms-up view by country, by geography and by business unit, but rather based on experience and based on what we're seeing. So when I think about for us next year, all right, we try to give you incredible clarity about what's COVID in our numbers, right? So we're expecting a run-off of $1.3 billion of COVID-related revenue in 2024, that would leave $300 million of revenue in 2024, of which we have a pretty good line-of-sight to what those activity is, right? So that's the first assumption. And then the second assumption is effectively what's going on in the base business, meaning, excluding the COVID-related business, and that should be a little bit over 3% growth, right? So if you think of those two factors, that's how you get to a core number of one. Remember that testing is part of the decline. So that's the set of assumptions. So then there is another lens to think about it, which is comparisons, right, or the -- we're going to lap the customer caution, different businesses at different points in time, but the first half will have more difficult comparisons, haven't fully seen the effect of caution. The second half, you actually get to more --you're back to kind of moderate growth in that period of time just based on that factor. And then we look at some of our businesses like our insurance business, which had the benefit this year of the disruptions from supply-chain in 2021 and 2022, and we're able to catch-up on orders that needed to be shipped and that gave us a little bit of a benefit of growth this year, of which, that obviously doesn't repeat next year. We factored all that in and we said, core is pretty similar to what it is next year. We look forward to actually doing the detailed guidance at the end of January, early February when we have our earnings call, and we'll have all of our puts and takes and be a lot smarter. But we wanted our analyst community to be aligned with what we're seeing today because there's quite a big disconnect in the numbers that are out there for 2024 relative to the numbers that we articulated today.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thanks, Marc. Maybe just a follow-up on biopharma since it's
Marc Casper: Thanks, Dan.
Dan Brennan: I'm sorry about that. Maybe just a follow-up on biopharma since it is your biggest customer base and such a key driver. Could you just give us a little bit of a window, just maybe what you're seeing in Q3, kind of how you're thinking about Q4 is maybe a jumping-off point for '24, large pharma R&D spending, bioprocess, PPD? Can you give us some flavor on your key customer segments and kind of what the trends look like right now, and that will give us some vantage point for how we think about '24 there as well? Thank you.
Marc Casper: Dan, I think your fellow analysts are throwing tomatoes at your building today. You're asking 19 questions in that one, but I'll start at a high level and leave some of this for others. Let me break the pharma -- biopharma into what revenue was in Q3 and then a little bit of -- some of the underlying dynamics. Actually, the revenue in the quarter was incredibly similar to the prior quarter, right, in terms of how we actually performed. We declined 1%. And looking at that, the long-term outlook here is strong. We talked about that in an earlier question. Effectively, customer caution increased a bit. You'll see that more pronounced in biotech and pharma, but you see it across the customer set. That's more of a forward-looking look. I think the thing that probably is most relevant and why we think about our fourth quarter the way we do, one of the things that we assumed in our previous guidance was that in our bioprocessing business, that orders would stabilize, start to normalize in the third quarter. We did not see that, right? Obviously, what's the single biggest driver of the same factors in Q4 versus what we talked about really is bioproduction. We didn't see that normalization of orders. In general, that business operates on a roughly 13-week lead time. So if you don't see the orders in Q3, you're not going to see the revenue step-up in Q4. So hopefully that's helpful in terms of framing. Im sure Ill get some of the other ones in future questions.
Operator: Thank you, Dan. Our next question comes from Derik de Bruin from Bank of America. Derik, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Derik de Bruin: Hi. Thank you, and good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Hey, Marc, you just typically haven't called out COVID impact to PPD -- the biopharma services business in the past. Can you just sort of clarify what that was in '22 and '23 overall so we can get the number? And also staying on that segment, Pfizer and Moderna are big customers of yours. They both sort of announced some R&D cuts. How should we sort of think about how that flows through the business? And I guess is there any sort of like vaccine revenues that in that business, were there any sort like take or pays that are sort of in there? So I know it's a lot on that, but just start there.
Marc Casper: Yeah. So they're great questions. So let's talk about clinical research one level above and then I'll give you some of the answers to the question you have. All right. So we are almost at the two-year anniversary of the acquisition of PPD, which closed in early December of 2021. Business is doing great, right, and it's been a terrific acquisition. It is a terrific acquisition with a bright future. If you think about what the moment-in-time was in December of 2021, PPD had done a great job of growing its core sort of normal business and played a leading role in supporting the clinical trials for vaccines and therapies, just a phenomenally relevant set of capabilities, which is part of the reason we knew how great the business was and how respected it was in the industry. Since our ownership, we've modeled in that this would be a declining portion of the business. It's actually been a headwind through all of our ownership on core organic growth, right? So if I think about -- so our core organic would actually been higher than if we didn't include it. But our view was, this business' end-market growth was really good and we're just going to grow through it and it was factored into our guidance. Obviously, as customer caution has increased in pharmaceutical and biotech, the rates of growth in our non-COVID business slows. And we wanted to ensure that our investors understood that that was actually quite healthy, but we're going through the run-off on vaccines and therapies. To give you the magnitude of the number, what is embedded in our 2023 is a $600 million decline in revenue for vaccines and therapies, and it also happens to be $600 million of activity in the year. So that's this year, and as opposed to sort of take or pay or those things, clinical trials are different, but you have patients enrolled, you go through it. So that revenue will run off in an orderly fashion over the next couple of years in the outlook that we gave of $300 million of total revenue for all pandemic related. Some of that -- most of it is actually that work in clinical research. There's a little bit of take or pay in pharma services and nominal amount of testing. So hopefully that gives you a good sense of the dynamic there.
Derik de Bruin: Right. So if we just think about underlying growth of the core PPD business, just sort of like, what's your embedded number for this year, and sort of like the working assumption for next year? Just, as I said, there's just a lot of variables. I think just some clarity would help.
Marc Casper: Yeah. So obviously, we'll get into some of that. We don't even do it by business unit in our guidance. So -- but I can give you sort of direction how to think about it. What we have said at the time of the acquisition and what we've said consistently is the long-term growth expectation for this business is high-single-digits plus the benefit of synergies. And that hasn't changed in terms of the long term. Our assumption has been that it would step down from the 20% and then sort of double-digit growth to that, and then actually it will step down below that and bounce back up just on the math of the COVID -- the COVID activity run-off over the next year or so. So hopefully, that helps in terms of how to think about modeling it.
Derik de Bruin: Yeah.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Derik.
Derik de Bruin: Then just one more if I can. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rachel Vatnsdal from J.P. Morgan. Rachel, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Hey, good morning, and thanks for taking the questions. So appreciate all the color that you've given us today on 2024, but for two areas that I wanted to follow up on. First, how do you see China playing out next year? At this point, is growth in the region going to be reasonable in 2024? Are we going to be looking at declines? And now you've noted that 2024 is also going to be more of a back-half weighted story given those market dynamics. So could you walk us through the magnitude of the step-up that you're expecting between the first half and second half? And how much of that is really going to be driven by easier comps in the back half versus an expected rebound in the market?
Marc Casper: So, Rachel, thanks. Let me start with China. And I think it's really relevant for the community to understand our view on what's going on in China, right? So first of all, it was great to return to China, which I did in August. And actually came away with -- and way more encouraged on the long term. So let me give you a little bit more detail on it. I went to China with two different hats. One is the Chair of the US-China Business Council, where I had the opportunity to interact with senior members of the Chinese government, including the premier. And then I also did my normal thing of being CEO of Thermo Fisher Scientific and had the opportunity to see our colleagues, visit sites and see a lot of customers during that process. So this is what I came away with from my visit. Economy is definitely challenged, and the conditions are worsening, and we saw that worsening during the quarter. The government is actively working to boost business confidence and create a stronger environment for foreign investment. So when I think about the kind of the macro picture, short-term, definitely a challenge from a macro-economy. I was pleasantly surprised that a real focus on a better environment for foreign companies, which bodes well for the future. When I think about the outlook here, we definitely saw the impact of the declining economy in the results and we would expect that that will continue. And we can't predict exactly when the market will do. But we know that the comparisons get easier in the second half for China as we lap some of the comparables -- or the more challenging comparables. When I think about phasing for the year and all of all of that stuff, we look forward to doing that in beginning of 2024.
Stephen Williamson: Yeah. But, Rachel, that kind of set up what I put in the prepared remarks, is kind of a mirror image of this year as a starting point, kind of more challenging in the first half and then modest growth in the second half. Thanks, Rachel.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great. And then if I could squeeze one more just on instrumentation. That was a great spot this quarter at 8% growth. You've noted that you're over-indexed to instrumentation in China, and you've also highlighted some of the incremental weakness there. So can you just walk us through what exactly you're seeing in that portfolio? What was instrument growth in China versus rest of world? And then how should we think about that setup for instrumentation next year given you're going to face some of these difficult comps in the first three quarters?
Marc Casper: So I'll probably keep it at a pretty high level. Awesome quarter in Analytical Instruments, 8% growth. Team is doing a good job. Our electron microscopy business, really performing extremely well. And great to see the uptake on Astral, which is our breakthrough mass spectrometer, which we launched in June. So those are the highlights. Our guidance for this year and our framing for next year reflects the customer caution and the non-repeat of some of the -- working through the disruptions of the pandemic on supply chain. So that's embedded in the outlook for the year.
Stephen Williamson: And then Rachel, just on the kind of the additional kind of weakness we saw in China in Q3, some of that came through in revenue in Q3, but it's going to be more in terms of revenue in Q4 because of a lag in terms of bookings profile for an instrumentation business. So that's part of that dynamic of why Q4 is more impacted by the change profile that we saw in China.
Rafael Tejada: Thanks, Rachel.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Puneet Souda from Leerink Partners. Puneet, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Puneet Souda: Yeah. Thanks, Marc, Stephen. Thanks for taking the questions. I'll wrap two of my questions into one. First, largely on M&A. Given the environment right now, the type of deals that you're doing, the type of valuations you're doing at, could you maybe just give us a sense of what you're seeing out there? Obviously, Olink, prior to that Binding Site and CorEvitas. Is that the type of sort of midsized deals that we should continue to expect here and the opportunity base that you are seeing in M&A? And within the proteomics franchise, now with successful Orbitrap franchise of last 15-plus years, combining that with Olink, Marc, maybe at a high level, could you provide us your, not for lack of better word, vision on proteomics despite being a sort of a tough market this year and next year?
Marc Casper: Yeah. So Puneet, thanks for the question. And, so when I think about the M&A for this year or M&A even in general, the criteria that we use, right, is M&A that's going to be highly valued by our customers, strengthen our strategic position, generate strong returns for our shareholders. And you look at what the different opportunities are and you think about it in different periods of time where it's going to skew in your favor. And this year, with a more volatile macro, we've been able to add three phenomenal businesses, right, in terms of strengthening the company with incredible growth prospects, really good return profiles. So that doesn't mean that next year will look exactly like this or years where you can buy companies that are really more of a balance of cost and revenue growth in those different things and different aspects of it. But this year, to be able to get the Binding Site, CorEvitas and Olink, it's fantastic. And when I think about Olink, which, this is our first opportunity given that we had announced it during a blackout period, it's just a terrific fit, right, and you think about it's a leader in a business that has gone through that phase of being well adopted, right? So the technology risk isn't here anymore. But it hasn't globally commercialized. It hasn't reached nearly its full potential and incredibly complementary to our leading position in mass spectrometry and proteomics. And Puneet, thanks for reminding others about our 15-year plus track record with Orbitrap. Astral being the next big many year run and the combination there, plus Olink, and the fact that we have a leading position in the life sciences instrumentation, which are very relevant in terms of qPCR for these products as well. Really exciting. They are a leader in their field and we're excited to help bring that to the customer base in an accelerated fashion. And when we look to the future, we expect this to be a long-term, mid-teens-plus growth business and be able to generate really significant adjusted operating income synergies driven by that accelerated revenue growth, right? And on top of that, just $125 million of earnings that come from the year five synergies, and that's going to generate double-digit returns for the shareholders. So super exciting time, and we'll continue to be outstanding stewards of our shareholders' capital.
Puneet Souda: Great. Thank you.
Marc Casper: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eve Burstein from Bernstein. Eve, your line is now open. Please proceed.
Eve Burstein: Hi, there. Good morning, and thanks a lot for the question. I'd love to ask about your lab products and biopharma services business unit. So the operating margin there was up right at 16%. It was higher than any point in the past. And when you talk about the puts and takes there, you called out productivity and mix as some of the positive drivers. So just two questions there. One, on mix, if that was a positive driver, does that actually mean that sales of some of your really low margin consumables were down? Other peer companies have talked about challenges there and brought down guidance in general lab products. So can you talk a little bit about those dynamics? And then secondly, on productivity gains, what is driving that? And are those going to be sustainable and recurring over time?
Stephen Williamson: So, its Steve. Thanks for the question. So when I think about the margin dynamic in that segment, yeah, mix is -- when you think about where the more challenging environment is in terms of customer caution and China, that impacts the lab products business and then the wider customer caution also impacts our channel business, so relative to the other business in that segment, where the mix profile comes from. In terms of productivity, it's about -- we've been rightsizing the cost base within our lab products business and given the volume change. So that's where the majority of that is. And then just good spending wisely across the whole business, but those are probably the two main factors to call out. Thanks, Eve.
Eve Burstein: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you.
Rafael Tejada: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Perfect. We will take our last question today from Dan Leonard from [UBS] (ph). Dan, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you for the time and really appreciate you sharing all those framing thoughts for 2024. I have a couple of additional follow-ups on that but I'll keep it to one. I know it's not a bottoms-up view, but I'm curious how you're thinking about the inventory effect either for your business or the market in 2024. In those areas where there's been inventory burn-down in 2023, whether it be in bioproduction or the channels business or wherever you're seeing it, what do you think is a reasonable assumption for 2024? Is it reasonable to assume the burn-down concludes and demand can match customer usage? Just any high-level thoughts. Thank you.
Marc Casper: So good question. When I think about the -- it's primarily a bioproduction story. And I don't think anyone is smart enough to know exactly which quarter. But during 2024, do I think that we will get back to orders matching revenue at some point during the year? Yeah. So I think that we'll be smarter with the benefit of another three months of time to see what our view is on 2024. But I don't think we'll be talking throughout the year about inventory reduction in the customer side because there's activity that's going on currently that's consuming the inventory that's out there. Great. So let me bring to just a quick wrap up for the call. Thank you for joining us today. We're very well positioned to continue to deliver differentiated performance. And as always, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. We look forward to updating you in the new year.
Operator: That concludes today's conference for everybody. Thank you very much for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2023 Second Quarter Conference Call. My name is Ellen, and I'll be coordinating the call for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce our moderator to the call, Mr. Rafael Tejada, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Tejada, you may now begin the call.
Rafael Tejada: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investor section of our website thermofisher.com under the heading News & Events until August 11th, 2023. A copy of the press release of our second quarter 2023 earnings is available in the investor section of our website under the heading Financials. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which is on file with the SEC and available in the Investor section of our website under the heading Financials, SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during this call we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our second quarter 2023 earnings and also in the Investor section of our website under the heading Financials. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Raf. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our second quarter call. Let me recap our financial performance for the quarter, then I'll provide additional context on what we're seeing playing out in the macro economy and the implications for our outlook. In the second quarter, our revenue was $10.69 billion. Our adjusted operating income was $2.37 billion, and we delivered adjusted EPS of $5.15 per share. As you saw in our press release, the macroeconomic environment became more challenging in the quarter. Economic activity in China slowed and across the economy more broadly, businesses became more cautious in their spend. This impacted our Q2 results and informed a more moderated view for the full-year. We're taking appropriate actions to successfully navigate these conditions. As a reminder, when we set out our guidance at the beginning of the year, we assumed core market growth would be in the normal range of 4% to 6% for 2023. Given the more challenging macroeconomic environment at this point, we think it is best to assume that these conditions will persist for the remainder of the year, and our current assumption is that core market growth will be in the 0% to 2% range this year. We're increasing our commercial intensity to help our customers through this environment and capture even more opportunities. We're also leveraging the PPI Business System to appropriately manage our costs. Given these changes, we're revising our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance for the full-year. I'll cover some of the key points around the guidance, and Stephen will outline our underlying assumptions later in the call. For 2023, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $43.4 billion to $44.0 billion and adjusted EPS to be in the range of $22.28 to $22.72. As you know, during periods of change, we have a very clear set of guiding principles on how we manage the company. These principles have three elements. First, everything we do starts with our customers and ensuring that we're enabling their success. Second, we inspire our colleagues to bring their best every day to fulfill our mission. And third, we hold ourselves to an incredibly high standard to deliver differentiated short-term performance all while capitalizing on dynamic times to enhance our long-term competitive position, creating an even brighter future for our company. To enable the differentiated short and long-term performance in this environment, we're leveraging our PPI Business System to deliver $450 million of additional cost actions in 2023. That's in addition to what was embedded in our previous guidance. We're ramping up our commercial intensity to drive our share gain momentum, and we continue to invest in our capabilities to be an even stronger partner for our customers. We're uniquely positioned to help them navigate their own challenges in this environment. When I think about our proven ability to navigate market dynamics, combined with the long-term market growth drivers for the Life Sciences industry, I'm incredibly confident for the future. As I look ahead, there is a clear need for new medicines, and the scientific advances in Life Sciences are leading to exciting and innovative therapies, which will make a profound positive impact on well-being and be one of the drivers creating the very strong and durable tailwind in our industry. Let me now turn to our quarterly performance and provide you with an update on our end markets. Starting with pharma and biotech, growth was flat for the second quarter. The COVID-19 vaccine and therapy revenue run-off performed as expected during the quarter, resulting in a 5 point headwind within this market. From a segment perspective that revenue run-off is essentially all in our Life Science Solutions segment, largely in our biosciences business related to nucleotides and enzymes and to a lesser extent in bioproduction. The strongest growth in pharma and biotech end market this quarter was in our pharma services and clinical research businesses. In academic and government, we grew in the high-single-digits in the quarter. We delivered very strong growth in our electron microscopy and chromatography and mass spectrometry businesses, as well as our research and safety market channel. In industrial and applied, we grew in the low-single-digits for the quarter. The strongest growth in this end market was in our analytical instruments businesses. And finally in diagnostics and healthcare, revenue in Q2 was approximately 20% lower than the prior year quarter. The team delivered very good core business growth during the quarter driven by our microbiology, immunodiagnostics and transplant diagnostic businesses. Let me now turn to our growth strategy. We really made terrific progress in Q2 in this regard. Our growth strategy consists of three pillars: high impact innovation, our trusted partner status with customers, and our unparalleled commercial engine. Starting with the first pillar innovation. We had a really spectacular quarter. We launched high impact new products that are further strengthening our industry leadership by enabling our customers to break new ground in their important work. We had a great showing at the American Society for mass spectrometry conference, where we featured the groundbreaking Thermo Fish -- Thermo Scientific Orbitrap Astral mass spectrometer, which is the most significant advancement in mass spectrometry 15-years. The Orbitrap Astral combines speed, high sensitivity, and deep proteome coverage to enable researchers to uncover proteins that previously evaded detection. This will enable breakthroughs that could lead to the development of new targeted therapies for a range of diseases, from cardiovascular disease to cancer. We've already started to deliver the Astral to our customers and we're very pleased with the strong bookings performance to-date. In our electron microscopy business, we launched the Thermo Scientific Metrios 6, scanning transmission electron microscope. The latest innovation in our leading line of instruments designed for the semiconductor industry. This fully automated system enables our customers to rapidly obtain large volume, high quality data from increasingly complex semiconductors to accelerate development. In our biosciences business, we introduced the Gibco OncoPro Tumoroid Culture Medium Kit. It accelerates development of novel cancer therapies. These kits support the culture of tumor cells derived from individual patients providing a better disease model for research and drug development that could potentially improve clinical trial success and help bring drug candidates to market faster and more cost effectively. And in specialty diagnostics, we launched the first and only immunoassay to help doctors stratify a mother's risk of developing preeclampsia, a serious complication that can develop in pregnancy in the postpartum period, endangering both mother and baby. We receive breakthrough designation and FDA clearance for assessing a patient's risk of developing severe preeclampsia enabling doctors to better manage care. These are just a few examples of the exciting innovation going on across our company, which will make a significant difference for our customers and drive future growth. The second pillar of our growth strategy is the trusted partner status that we have built with our customers. This unique relationship gives us early insights into our customers' unmet needs and enables us to bring our industry leading products, services, and expertise together in ways that no one else can. We continue to strengthen our capabilities to be an even stronger partner for our customers. For example, in our Pharma Services business, we added an early development hub at our site in Bourgoin, France enabling early development in addition to commercial manufacturing. The third pillar of our growth strategy is our unparalleled commercial engine. We have a meaningful commercial advantage, due to the deep engagement that we're able to have with our customers across the globe. A great example of our progress here is further strengthening our commercial capabilities with the opening of a state-of the-art customer center of excellence in Milan. It features a customer application development lab to showcase our industry leading products, services, and expertise. We continue to successfully execute our disciplined capital deployment strategy, which is a combination of strategic M&A and returning capital to shareholders. During the quarter, we completed a small bolt-on acquisition of MarqMetrix, a developer of Ramen based spectroscopy solutions for in line process analytics. This technology expands our capabilities to help our customers make precise and accurate measurements throughout their manufacturing processes in a wide range of applications including biopharma. This business is a nice complement to our analytical instruments business. Let me give you a quick update on the binding site acquisitions, which we closed at the beginning of the year. Our protein diagnostics business has delivered outstanding growth and the integration is going incredibly well. Our team is progressing the innovation pipeline to advance the diagnosis and management of patients both multiple myeloma and immune disorders. And just after the close of the quarter, we announced an agreement to acquire CorEvitas, a leading provider of regulatory grade real world evidence for approved medical treatments and therapies. Real world evidence is the collection and use of data from patient health outcomes gathered through routine clinical care. This is a high growth market segment as pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers, as well as regulating bodies are increasingly looking to monitor and evaluate the safety of approved medicines and examine their effectiveness and value in a post approval setting. CorEvitas will further strengthen our capabilities to serve our pharma and biotech customers. It's an excellent strategic fit for our company and highly complementary to our clinical research business. There is strong market demand for real world evidence, which improves decision making and reduces the time and cost associated with drug development. The acquisition is expected to be completed by the end of this year, and I'm very excited about what this will mean for our customers and the patients they serve. Financially, we expect the business to deliver low-double-digit growth and be accretive to adjusted EPS by $0.03 in 2024. So overall strong progress in the second quarter for capital deployment. During the quarter, we advanced our environmental, social and governance priorities including launching a partnership with Pfizer to increase local access to next generation sequencing based testing for lung and breast cancer patients in more than 30 countries across Latin America, Africa, the Middle East, and Asia. These are areas where advanced genomic testing has previously been limited or unavailable. Access to local NGS testing can help to provide faster analysis of associated genes, empowering healthcare providers to select the right therapy for that individual patient. Through the partnership, we will work with local labs using our NGS technology to ensure they meet industry standards for NGS testing for breast and lung cancer. Pfizer will work to enable affordable patient access and to raise healthcare provider awareness regarding the benefits of advanced NGS testing. Together, we'll continue to evaluate additional geographic opportunities and to expand testing for other types of cancer. I'm very proud of the way we're making a difference, not only by enabling our customer success, but also by creating a better -- a great work environment for our colleagues and then making a positive impact for society. So to summarize our key takeaways from the second quarter, while the macroeconomic environment has become more challenging, our team continues to leverage our PPI business system to deliver strong productivity. We're focused on driving market share gains, and at the same time, we're advancing our proven growth strategy to be the even stronger partner for our customers. We effectively deployed capital to create significant value for our customers and our shareholders. And the attractive long-term outlook for the Life Sciences industry and Thermo Fisher is unchanged. We're incredibly well positioned to help our customers navigate the current environment, capture incremental opportunities, and exit this period, an even stronger industry leader with the very bright future. With that, I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in our press release and as Marc just lines, the macroeconomic environment became more challenging in the second quarter. We're leveraging our PPI Business System to effectively manage these conditions. In the quarter, we delivered $10.7 billion of revenue, which included just over 2% core organic revenue growth and we delivered $5.15 of adjusted EPS. Revenue in the quarter was $300 million lower than we'd incorporated in our previous 2023 guidance. $280 million of this was related to the core business and $20 million related to testing. Approximately one-third of the change in core revenue was driven by lower economic activity in China and the remainder was driven by more cautious spending across our customer base globally, particularly in biotech. Adjusted EPS in the quarter was $0.28 lower than when incorporated in our previous 2023 guidance, $0.07 of this was driven by FX and $0.21 by the lower revenue. Given the lower core revenue both in the quarter and assumed in our full-year outlook, we're using the PPI Business System to aggressively manage our cost base. In Q2, this enable us to offset $75 million of the profit impact of the lower-than-expected revenue, this highlights that we're actively managing the business. Let me now provide you with some more details on our performance. Beginning with our earnings results, as I mentioned, we delivered $5.15 of adjusted EPS in Q2, GAAP EPS in the quarter was $3.51. On the top line, reported revenue was 3% points lower year-over-year. The components of our Q2 reported revenue included 3% lower organic revenue, a 1% contribution from acquisitions and a slight headwind from foreign exchange. As I mentioned earlier, core organic revenue growth in the quarter was just over 2 percentage points. For context, core organic revenue growth includes the runoff in our COVID-19 vaccines and therapies revenue. Without that runoff impact, growth would have been 5% in the quarter. Turning to our organic revenue performance by geography. The organic growth rates by region are skewed by the pandemic-related revenue in the current and prior year. In Q2, North America declined mid-single-digits. Europe grew in the low-single-digits and Asia Pacific declined in the mid-single-digits with China declining in the low-teens. With respect to our operational performance, adjusted operating income in the quarter decreased 9% and adjusted operating margin was 22.2%, a 150 basis points lower than Q2 last year. In the quarter, we delivered very strong productivity and achieved strong price realization, this was more than offset by lower pandemic-related revenue, continued strategic investments and FX. Given the change in the macro environment, we're using the PPI Business System to drive significantly more productivity this year than initially planned. We've initiated $450 million of additional cost actions. And as I mentioned earlier, we already began to see this benefit in Q2. Total company adjusted gross margin in the quarter came in at 41%, 220 basis points lower than Q2 last year. For the quarter, the change in gross margin was due to the same drivers as those for adjusted operating margin. Moving on to the details of the P&L. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 15.6 of revenue, an improvement of 50 basis points over Q2 last year. Total R&D expense was $345 million in Q2, reflecting our ongoing investments in high impact innovation. R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue was 7.1% in the quarter. Looking at our results below the line for the quarter, our net interest was $148 million, which is $36 million higher than Q2 last year, mainly due to capital deployment. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 10%, this was 300 basis points lower than Q2 last year, reflecting the results of our tax planning activities. Average diluted shares were $388 million in Q2, approximately $6 million lower year-over-year, driven by share repurchases net of option dilution. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Year-to-date cash flow from operations was $2.3 billion. Year-to-date free cash flow was $1.5 billion after investing $730 million of net capital expenditures. During the quarter, we repaid $1 billion of senior notes and returned $135 million of capital through dividends. Shortly after the quarter end, we announced the definitive agreement to acquire core EBITDA for approximately $900 million. We ended the quarter with $3.1 billion in cash and $34 billion of total debt. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.2 times gross debt to adjusted EBITDA and 2.9 times on a net debt basis. Including my comments on our total company performance, adjusted ROIC was 11.9%, reflecting the strong returns on investment that we're generating across the company. Now provide some color on the performance of our four business segments. Let me start with a couple of framing comments. The scale and margin profile of our pandemic-related revenue varies by segment and that revenue was higher in the prior year. So that does skew some of the reported segment growth rates and margins. We continue to execute strong pricing realization across all segments to address higher inflation. Moving on to the segment details, starting with Life Science solutions, Q2 reported revenue in this segment declined 25%, and organic revenue was also 25% lower than the prior year quarter. This was driven by the moderation in pandemic-related revenue in the segment versus the year ago quarter and to a lesser extent, the macro factors that I described earlier. Q2 adjusted operating income in Life Science solutions decreased 38% and adjusted operating margin was 33.2%, down 710 basis points versus the prior year quarter. During the quarter, we delivered very strong productivity, which is more than offset by unfavorable volume mix. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue increased 9% in Q2 and organic growth was 10%. The strong growth in the segment this quarter by the electron microscopy business. Q2 adjusted operating income in this segment increased 26% and adjusted operating margin was 24.7%, up 130 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we delivered very strong productivity and had strong volume and mix, that was partially offset by strategic investments and FX. Turning to Specialty Diagnostics. In Q2 revenue increased 1% and organic revenue was 5% lower than the prior year quarter. In Q2, we continue to see strong underlying growth in the Core led by our microbiology immunodiagnostics and transplant diagnostics businesses. This is offset by lower pandemic-related revenue versus the year ago quarter. Q2 adjusted operating income increased 22% in the quarter and adjusted operating margin was 26.7%, which is a 460 basis points higher than Q2 2022. During the quarter, we delivered very strong productivity and favorable business mix, which is partially offset by the impact of lower COVID-19 testing volume and strategic investments. And finally, in laboratory products and biopharma services segment, Q2 reported revenue increased 5% and organic growth was also 5%. During Q2, organic revenue growth in this segment was led by the Pharma Services and Clinical Research Businesses. Q2 adjusted operating income in the segment increased 19% and adjusted operating margin was 14.1% which is 160 basis points higher than Q2 2022. We delivered very strong productivity in the quarter, partially offset by FX and strategic investments. Let me now turn to guidance. And as Marc outlined, we're revising our full-year 2023 guidance to reflect both the more challenging macroeconomic environment and the offsetting actions that we're taking to navigate these conditions. Revenue for 2023 is now expected to be in the range of $43.4 billion to $44 billion with Core organic revenue growth in the range of 2% to 4%. Adjusted EPS is now expected to be in the range of $22.28 and $22.72. For modeling purposes, our current estimate of where we're likely to end up for the year within that range is $43.5 billion of revenue rounding up to 3% Core organic revenue growth and adjusted EPS of $22.36. Let me provide you some additional details behind the changing guidance. Starting with revenue. Our revised guidance reflects the change in the assumption for Core organic revenue growth from 7% to a range of 2% to 4%. And it also assumes a $100 million lower testing revenue. Our Core organic revenue change is driven by two factors: a reduction in the assumed level of economic activity in China and an assumption that the more cautious spending that we saw across our customer base in Q2 will continue throughout the remainder of the year. In relation to China, at the beginning of the year, we saw positive momentum in the Chinese economy. We had previously assumed that this momentum would continue through the rest of the year. However, as the second quarter progressed, economic activity in China significantly slowed, resulting in less customer activity in the quarter. We think this is appropriate to assume this condition remains in place for the remainder of the year. With regards to customer spending patterns more broadly, in Q2 customers in our end markets began the year with somewhat cautious spending. And this is something that was not confined to our end markets, companies across most business segments were cautious with their spending given the uncertain macro conditions. This dynamic became more challenging in Q2. We previously assumed that this would lessen an impact as the year progressed, and we now think it's appropriate to assume that the cautious spending will continue through the remainder of the year. With strong commercial execution from our team, we expect to successfully navigate these macro dynamics and deliver 2% to 4% Core organic revenue growth for the year. And for context, as Marc mentioned, with the changes in the macro, we're now assuming Core market growth for our industry to be in the range of 0% to 2% for 2023, through reduction of approximately 4 percentage points versus the 4% to 6% assumed previously for market growth. When I think about the range of outcomes for the full-year, Core organic revenue growth, the largest swing factor is the extent of the budget flush at the end of the year. Should that be weaker than normal, then Core organic revenue growth would round down to 2%, and if stronger, it could round up to 4% for the year. And if China gets traction stimulating the economy, then that could also be an upside late in the year. So moving on now to profitability. As I mentioned earlier, we're using the PPI Business System to aggressively manage our cost base. We put in place $450 million of additional cost actions to limit the impact of the expected lower revenue on the P&L. This demonstrates our active management of the business. As a result, the high profitability pull through on the lower revenue is expected to be reduced to 35% in terms of how it flows through to the bottom line. Factoring in this and the updated view of FX, we now expect our adjusted operating income margin to be in the range 23.2% to 23.4% for the year. Let me provide some more additional details on the updated 2023 guidance. We're assuming that we'll deliver $300 million of testing revenue in 2023. This is $100 million lower than our prior guidance and through the half-year point we've delivered $225 million of testing revenue. Within the call, we continue to expect $500 million of vaccines and therapies revenue in 2023. This is $1.2 billion less than the prior year, a 3 percentage point impact on core organic revenue growth. Through the half year point, we delivered $365 million of vaccines and therapies related revenue. Moving on to FX, we continue to assume that FX will be a year-over-year tailwind to revenue of approximately $100 million. And then in terms of adjusted EPS, we now expect FX to be a headwind of $0.11, which is $0.05 higher than our previous guidance. The Binding Site acquisition is performing well and we now assume it will contribute approximately $260 million to our reported revenue growth for the year and $0.09 to adjusted EPS. Below the line, we continue to expect net interest expense in 2023 to be approximately $480 million. The adjusted tax rate assumption for the year has improved to 10% versus our prior guidance of 10.8%, driven by our tax planning initiatives. We're now expecting net capital expenditures will be approximately $1.7 billion, and we continue to expect the free cash flow will be $6.9 billion for the year. In terms of capital deployment, our guidance includes $3 billion of share buybacks, which were already completed in January. We continue to assume that full-year average diluted share count will be approximately 388 million shares and that we'll return approximately $540 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends, a 17% increase over 2022. And as is our normal convention, our guidance does not assume any future acquisitions or divestitures. We've not included any operational benefit in 2023 for the acquisition of CorEvitas. When we get more clarity on the actual close date for that acquisition, we'll provide an estimate of any potential impact in 2023. To conclude, we recognize that the changing guidance is significant. We think it's appropriate given the change in the macro environment. And as we said at our Investor Day, should market growth be lower than normal? We will leverage the PPI Business System and step up productivity and that's what we've done. We're well positioned to navigate the near-term environment. And while the near-term environment may be more challenging, the long-term fundamentals supporting the growth of our end markets remains unchanged, as does the strength of our position to serve them. Now let me turn the call back over to Raf.
Rafael Tejada: Thank you, Stephen. Operator, were ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. Well now enter the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matt Sykes from Goldman Sachs. Matt, your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Sykes: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking my question. Maybe just starting on the guidance, just given the significant change relative to what you talked about at the Investor Day a few months ago. Could you maybe help us a little bit with where some of the biggest deltas in terms of your expectations relative to that time of the Investor Day and today, in terms of either end market or revenue segment, and specifically within China, were there certain categories or revenue segments or end markets where the weakness is more pronounced? I just kind of wanted to get a little more color the delta and expectations from the Investor Day to today?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Matt, thanks for the question. In terms of the guidance change, the way that I think about let's start from the beginning of the year. I think it's the easiest place to start and we can talk about the Investor Day, right? So, you know, in terms of the market growth and the conditions there, right? Or what we're seeing is that China really slowed quite meaningfully in Q2, right? And that's actually somewhat surprising given the first quarter really started to rebound off of the zero COVID policies and there was government stimulus and all of a sudden Q2 really slowed down significantly and, you know, when I think about that. And then we're assuming that for the full-year, right, in terms that it's going to continue. We've seen customer caution, I mean, I think every business, when I say this is about life science tools and diagnostics. Businesses have been cautious this year on spend and it certainly manifested itself more meaningfully in Q2, particularly in biotech. And so when I think about it, about a point of our change in the growth outlook comes from China, about 3 points of it comes from customer caution. And within it, bioproduction is about a point or a third of the customer caution, passed back two-thirds across the rest of the business. You know, versus sort of what the analyst day and sort of, you know, the view in May, you know, we saw China certainly soft throughout the quarter. And in our business, the final month of a quarter is actually quite meaningful across all of our businesses. So while we certainly saw some customer caution in the beginning of the second quarter, June saw no bounce at all, right? So it just, you know, it's kind of flat through the -- you know, kind of flat through the quarter. So therefore, we just didn't see that view, which is why we've adjusted the outlook at this point in time.
Matt Sykes: Great. That's very helpful color. Thanks, Marc. And then just for my follow-up, just on the AI segment and instruments, could you maybe just given the visibility you might have into sort of the back half this year, talk about sort of what the backlog looks like order growth and how you're feeling about sort of the moderation in instrument growth in the back half of this year that you talked about earlier this year?
Marc Casper: Yes, Matt. Thanks for the question. So when I think about instruments, we obviously entered the year with a strong backlog and we entered the quarter with a strong backlog. And the 10% growth is very strong performance. Orders were definitely softer than we expected in Q2 primarily driven by China, which is a large component of the business there. And therefore, I would say we would expect that the growth rate would become more muted as the year unfolds in the analytical instruments business as we continue to work down the backlog. Thank you, Matt.
Matt Sykes: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Arias from Stifel. Dan, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Dan Arias: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the questions. Stephen, on the PPI commentary and just being able to leverage that, can you expand on that a little bit? I mean, should we take that to mean just sort of pressing harder on being lean in areas where you've done that in the past? Or is that more pulling some levers that have it been fully pulled, so to speak? And then relatedly, the -- you know, the EPS guide only came in about 5% or so at the midpoint. So how do we think about mix as a factor there and how much room do you think that's left to you given the uncertainty that you're looking in the back half?
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So, Dan, I'll explain on the PPI side and then I'll get onto the, kind of, EPS for you. So it's on PPI that what we do it's how we run the company. So this is about the first thing you do when you think about economic conditions being different and activity levels being different with our customers is prioritization in terms of what we're working on and deprioritize areas, which may be less important, push things out as appropriately and then make sure that we're investing in the right areas that we should be investing in and not titrating back any spending where that really matters. So it's about prioritizing where we're spending our time and what we're working on. And part of that Dan is then reduction in discretionary spending, reduction in activity levels in certain areas. And use PPI to be able to help us do that and put that into operation. We use the company scale in terms of the levers and sourcing, particularly in in-directs. You can lean on those levers when economic conditions aren't too strong and that's definitely a way of getting some of the benefits. And then when we think about the expected slightly lower volumes and we're optimizing our manufacturing operations appropriately and generally across our businesses. We're appropriately reducing headcount where that makes sense across the business. And so all of that wraps up into $450 million of benefit this year. And those actions have pretty much all been actioned right now in terms of the -- there's nothing significant to come. It's more they've taken the appropriate actions given the environment that we see. Then in terms of the back half of the year, so was your question around the phasing of EPS or the range of EPS, could you just clarify?
Dan Arias: I guess it was a little bit of both. I mean, organic growth is going from high-singles to potentially low-singles and the EPS only actually came in pretty modest amount. So I was just wondering how much room you think you've given yourself, given your PPI comments whether, you know, you are -- I guess, the answer is you're comfortable with it, but how comfortable actually are you given the range of outcomes in the back half?
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So we provided a range of outcomes and what you thought about what the market conditions could be and when we think about what the pull through would be on the revenue and that range of outcomes, plus the activities we're working on the cost side. I think that's an appropriate range for EPS. And then the phasing first-half, second-half, clearly, a higher adjusted operating income margin in the second-half of the year and that's really largely driven by the impact of the cost actions. So of the $450 million, $75 million impacted the first-half and you'll have $375 million of benefit in the second-half. And then revenue is a little bit more weighted and look at the year as a whole to the second-half versus the first-half. That's the other piece that drives the profitability in EPS difference. Thanks, Dan.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. Okay, helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Vijay, your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
Vijay Kumar: Hi, guys. Thank you for taking my question. Marc, maybe one on -- you know, thanks for all the color on the assumptions are on the guide change, when you look at the quarter, maybe can you talk about how things progress? I think China was down low-teens. Overall, organic -- underlying organic was 2%. But things worsened throughout the quarter. Because I think the implied guidance for the back half is low-singles to 2%-ish at the midpoint. So we're just wondering if the exit rate was around 2%-ish? Or is the back half assuming some improvement from the exit rate levels of 2Q?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Vijay, in terms of the phasing of the quarter, I think really what was -- different was June saw none of the normal quarter-end pattern. So it was very similar to April and May. That -- in my many years of doing this, that's unusual, actually, where the last month isn't a big step-up in activity. That's just the sort of the pattern of the industry a bit. So our assumption for the year is effectively that the market conditions that we saw in Q2 -- in aggregate, for Q2 continues to play out for the balance of the year. And you have all sorts of different comparisons within the different businesses versus the prior year and so forth. But we felt that the 0% to 2% market growth and for us, for the full-year, the 2% to 4% core growth would be an appropriate performance. I think maybe the best color that I can give you is sort of how we think about it, right? Our best view on what happened in the market is informed by looking at all of the competitors, peers that reported in Q1. Obviously, that goes well into May. All of our internal data about what's going on in the market, our extensive dialogue with customers and the few companies that reported so far, right? So that informs the 0% to 2%. The way we think about this and the standard is -- it's our job to gain market share. We put in 2 points of growth faster than that assumption. We're going to hold ourselves to that standard, meaning if we're too conservative on the market outlook, then we will have higher expectations of what good looks like in terms of the year, but that's our best view. When you look at the script and the comments that Stephen and I made, we made no comments about share gain in Q2, because when you deliver 2% growth, we're not going to pat ourselves on the back. At least looking at the first few companies that have reported, it appears that our performance is actually quite good and that we're growing faster. There's a lot of companies yet to report, but it actually looks like on a relative basis, we actually had a solid quarter of growth. So hopefully, that gives you some context of where things are, but we're going to keep studying it and make sure we got a good handle on our performance. And when we end 23, that we will be proud that we navigated the environment extremely well, deliver differentiated performance and set the company up for long-term success.
Vijay Kumar: That's extremely helpful color, Marc. And maybe one follow-up here. The updated guidance, is it assuming China to remain decline for the rest of the year? And what was PPI's growth in the quarter?
Stephen Williamson: So Vijay, the decline will lessen on a reported basis because of the run-up in testing factor therapy is a little bit there in terms of the support of the pandemic that we did in the back half of the year last year. So we're assuming basically the same market conditions, not just China, but for the rest of the world, as well as we saw in Q2 for the remainder of the year.
Marc Casper: Clinical research, double-digit growth. Thank you, Vijay.
Vijay Kumar: Fantastic. Thank you, guys.
Marc Casper: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Brennan from TD Cowen. Dan, your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thanks, guys. Marc, Jets are hoping out and Rogers can navigate through a difficult schedule, certainly hope and expect you'll navigate Thermo through these more difficult macro times here. Maybe just the first one, would love to get more color on China. Could you just walk us through just more color across your major customer segments, kind of unpack, kind of how the quarter played out from that perspective? And then specifically, I would also love to hear color on bioproduction in China.
Marc Casper: Yes. So in terms of China, when I think about it, we had a decline on an organic basis a little over 10%. Core was about flat in terms of it, and I'm just trying to give some flavor. So you, obviously, have the COVID testing. What we saw in China -- and it was very different than what our team expected, what we expected. And if I think about that, that's an unusual comment coming from us. Actually, our leadership team from China came to the U.S. and the opportunity to sit down and chat with what are they seeing? So -- and I'm heading over to China in a few weeks as well for a week. So it's an important market. It really does feel like it is broad economic based. And -- so we saw that across our different businesses, not limited to one. Clearly, bioproduction was soft in China. So consistent with some of the other comments that you've heard from others. But we saw the slowdown really cut across the portfolio, if you will, and it seems to be economic activity. We always assume, hey, are we doing something wrong? Are we losing share? All of those things, because I think that's sort of the PPI discipline, which is fact-based, hold yourself accountable to a high standard, at least on what we're seeing, it just feels like customers got extraordinarily cautious in China, activity slowed and it showed up across the portfolio. And while I haven't had a moment to distract myself on some fun activities, I look forward to, at some point, some football and seeing if the Jets actually make an improvement.
Stephen Williamson: Dan, I can't comment on the Jets. But when I think about China, it is way broader than life science tools. This is a Chinese economy. They're clearly having problems getting that economy back up and running post-COVID. And they have a history of being able to do that. So -- but we're not counting on that for the remainder of the year as a way to frame it from a wider economic viewpoint. Thanks, Dan.
Dan Brennan: And then maybe just on the end market, 4% to 6%, which you took down to 0% to 2% right now under your planning for 2023, kind of from what you see today? Is that 0% to 2% the best starting point as we think about modeling out Thermo's top line for 2024?
Marc Casper: Do you want to talk a little bit about, Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So just broadly on 2024, when I think about what you need to do to model the company going forward, there's two factors. One is the jumping off point for the 2023 margins and then what's the macro conditions assumption you used for 2024. So obviously, on the macro, we're assuming that the near-term conditions stay the same throughout the remainder of the year. You will need to make your own assumption around what that market growth is for next year. We'll have more clarity on that when we get towards the end of this year and know what the macro conditions are like. So it's not macro within our industry, it's the macro in terms of the overall economic situation across the globe. So we'll have a clearer view on that towards the end of this year. As Marc said earlier, we'll hold ourselves to the standard of delivering a couple of points higher than what the market growth is when we think about that. So as you leave in what assumption you have, I think the assumption is we'll be driving a couple of points of share gain above that. And then from a margin standpoint, a normal assumption for the year, we start with 50 basis points of expansion on top of what we just ended the year. And then when you think about my guide for this year, will be some small benefit of the carryover of the cost actions into 2023 as well. So that will help you think about the margin profile for 24 at this point and provide you a more refined view on that when we give the guidance for 24 in more detail. Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin from Bank of America. Derik, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, thank you and good morning. So Dan sort of asked so the question I wanted to talk to you about on 24. I guess, Marc, what's your view that we're not entering a more prolonged downturn in the life sciences tools market? And I'm just sort of thinking about this from a historical perspective when we've, sort of, seen some resets in the market, and it's taken a while for this to sort of like wash through the system. So it's like what's your confidence that we're not in a situation where we've got a couple -- we've got a period where the growth is going to be sort of back in that lower range?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Derik, it's a great question. So if I step back from the crystal ball for the which moment and say, what's the drivers here. This is an unbelievable industry with incredible tailwinds. And even since the Analyst Day, if you look about the progress on approved medicines that are going on and the cycle that, that creates of more funding to fuel the pharmaceutical and biotech industry. It's extraordinarily encouraging for the long term, right? So when I think about 4% to 6% market growth for the long term, as bullish as ever, right, in terms of that. When I think about the dynamics, most of what is going on is around the macroeconomic environment, not the life science tools, diagnostics, pharma services, right, in terms of caution in the economy, credit availability, all of that cycle higher interest rates and, therefore, less funding going into higher growth business, all of that dynamic is a macro within our own industry, you clearly have the pandemic unwind, right, that's shaking out. And as you look at the industry's numbers, and even if you look at our numbers, the pandemic-related activity will be relatively modest this year. So most of that will have washed out in the industry this year. So when I think about 24, as Stephen said, it's really going to be what's the macro, not the life sciences tools macro, that I think is the big driver. Because the science can be explosive. Great things going on in pharma biotech. There'll be great new discoveries. All of that will attract funding. It's just a question of, is this a kind of a stabilization year for the economy and then it balances? That's the bull case. Or is this a more prolonged period? And then that obviously is more of the bearish case on sort of what the macro is. While we won't have a perfect crystal ball as we get into our guidance in '24, we'll have a much better sense of what the conditions are we are navigating. Hopefully, that's helpful.
Derik De Bruin: Yes, it is. It is. So just a follow-up on this is, like how much of the pharma and biotech slowdown is just this digestion of the excess COVID spending? And clearly, there was frothy biotech markets and people worry about supply chain. So there was -- a lot of money that went into the system as people did this? How much is this just digesting that extra spend versus -- are you seeing new concerns? Are these customers seeing new concerns of a regulatory environment, drug pricing, patent expirations? Are you seeing any signs of slowing clinical trial activity or higher cancellations rates? Just some sort of thought on what's just a hangover period from COVID versus new trepidation in the space?
Marc Casper: Sure. So Derik, the way I would think about it is, if you go back to the beginning of the year and sort of how we talked about our guidance, pharma and biotech, right, as a company, as a reminder, our core organic growth was 14% in 2022. Within that, vaccines and therapies were essentially flat. So actually, the -- whatever the stripping that out, we actually grew faster than that. Pharma Biotech, incredibly strong in 2022. Our view was, while the market would be a good end market in 2023, but given the comparisons, it would moderate meaningfully. That's not a negative comment, it's just such an oversized growth and our very strong growth in the prior year period, we knew that growth would slow. And when you look at the Q2 results, you're flat and 5 points of headwind, which actually performed literally exactly as we had forecasted for the quarter. So kind of 5% growth, excluding the sort of vaccine and therapy runoff this year. That gives you a sense of what the sort of base activity is in that market, which actually is reasonable. It's slower than some other periods. But given the comparison, it actually is a reasonable view. In terms of the color and all of those things, pharma's doing fine, right, I mean in terms of what's happening there. And it's really biotech, every quarter that funding has been a little bit more challenged or not as strong as the past, companies get more conservative, because they think about what's their runway on spending, and that really picked up in terms of the headwinds in Q2 against an incredibly difficult comparison in the prior year period. The final point I would make here is that there are some green shoots starting to happen in biotech, right? In terms of new company formation, some of the funding, actually, Q2 started to show some signs of positivity. That, obviously, takes a while to flow through the numbers. But actually, that's an encouraging data point as well. Hopefully, that level of context gives you some of how to think about it.
Derik De Bruin: Great. Thanks, Marc.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Derik.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rachel Vatnsdal from JPMorgan. Rachel, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Perfect. Hey, guys. Thank you for taking the question this morning. So I just wanted to dig a little bit deeper on that guidance kind of how you guys are bucketing where the cut was really coming from. So you said that of the 400 basis points, 1 point was really from China, 3 points were around customer spending, with one of that coming from bioproduction. So can you just give us a bit more color on where the remaining 2 points a weaker customer spend is happening? It sounds like PPD growth was strong. So where else are you seeing weakness in the portfolio? And then also from an end market perspective, is this really all just weakness in pharma biotech or is there some additional weakness in industrial, for example?
Marc Casper: Yes. So when I think about customer caution, sort of, a macroeconomic view, you see that across all types of customers. So it's not limited to one segment. It's more pronounced than biotech, but we saw it in some industrial customers and certainly, we saw in some of the other customers that we serve, academic and government so forth. So it's not limited to one view. In terms of the growth where the impact and the change of growth is in the other segments, clearly, with -- our view is that the instruments business will slow in the second-half of the year. So that's probably one of the changes. And then some of the run rate activity that you would see in things like bioscience reagents or customer channels, which actually -- those are great businesses. We think customers will be a little bit more muted in spending. So it's really not pin to one area, but just a spread across the portfolio, probably with instruments feeling most of the impact.
Rafael Tejada: Operator, we're ready for -- we'll take one last question.
Operator: Okay, thank you. Our next question comes from Jack Meehan from Nephron Research. Jack, your line is now open. Please proceed.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to ask about M&A. These dynamic times, historically, have a way of creating new opportunities. There's been a few larger assets talked about in the press. Just would love to get your thoughts. Do you expect to be active if something materialized?
Marc Casper: Yes. Jack, thanks for the question. So in terms of capital deployment and M&A, we've been active on return of capital, both through the increase in the dividend and the share buybacks earlier in the year. We've also been active on M&A, with closing the Binding Site to start the year. We're excited about CorEvitas. And we have a lot of firepower, and we're very active, right? I do agree with your sentiment that, in these periods, there are opportunities. So we're actively looking at a number of things. And we're only going to do transactions that fit our criteria, which is, ultimately, going to strengthen our offering from a customer perspective. It's going to clearly add shareholder value in terms of the returns that we generate from the transaction. So you'll see us be active. And whether that happens in terms of the second half of the year or into 24, we're certainly busy is the way I would think about it.
Jack Meehan: Great. And I have one follow-up on Pharma Services. It sounds like that business grew faster than PPD this quarter. Can you talk about how the demand profile is holding up there? And I need to ask about the Tornado that hit Rocky Mount. Does that have any material impact on the market as you see it?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Pharma Services, really strong performance, in terms of growth and the way you'd characterize it as accurate. So very strong growth in that business. When I think about new wins and some of the things that we're securing for the future, the team is doing a nice job of building out a strong backlog for the future. So that business is in a good spot. When I think about the Tornado that hit in North Carolina, the good news is that nobody was injured at least in our discussions with the customer and they're assessing the issues from a market perspective. And we stand ready to help our customers as we do in any situation, and we never view that as a business opportunity. We always view it as we have very material relationships with our customers. And our colleagues are there to support them, and we will support in any way that is helpful as they work through the natural disaster. So thank you, Jack, for the question. And thanks, everyone, for the questions today. Let me wrap up with -- thanks for joining us. We're very well positioned to deliver and continue to deliver differentiated performance, which we'll do. And as always, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific, and we'll keep you updated on our progress. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Thank you, everybody, for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a lovely rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2023 First Quarter Conference Call. My name is Charlie and I'll be coordinating the call today. You will have the opportunity to ask a question at the end of the presentation. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce our moderator for today's call, Mr. Rafael Tejada, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Tejada, you may begin the call.
Rafael Tejada: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investor section of our website thermofisher.com under the heading News & Events until May 12th, 2023. A copy of the press release of our first quarter 2023 earnings is available in the investor section of our website under the heading Financials. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, which is on file with the SEC and available in the Investor section of our website under the heading Financials, SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during this call we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our first quarter 2023 earnings and also available in the Investor section of our website under the heading Financials. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thank you, Raf. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our first quarter call. As you saw in our press release, we had a very strong start to the year. We delivered another quarter of very strong financial performance. Our core business is performing very well. I'm pleased with the team's great execution and the share gain we saw across our company, especially within the context of a slightly more challenging macro environment. Our continued success is the result of our proven growth strategy that trusted partner status that we've earned with our customers and our PPI Business System, which is a differentiator for us and enables operational excellence within the company. So let me first recap the financials. Our revenue in the quarter was $10.71 billion. Our adjusted operating income was $2.33 billion and we delivered another quarter of strong adjusted EPS performance, achieving $5.03 per share. At the beginning of the year, we set out appropriately ambitious guidance for 2023 and Q1 demonstrates that we're delivering against that. Let me turn to our end markets. We delivered very strong performance in Q1, driven by outstanding execution from our team, resulting in meaningful share gain. Pandemic related activity performed as we had expected during the quarter. As a reminder, the impact of the headwind from the revenue runoff can be seen in pharma and biotech due to vaccines and therapies and in diagnostics and healthcare due to COVID-19 testing. Let me give you some color on our end markets. Starting with pharma and biotech. We delivered growth in the mid-single digits for the quarter. During the quarter, we had very strong performance in our pharma services, clinical research and chromatography and mass spectrometry businesses. In academic and government, we grew in the high-single digits in the quarter. We delivered strong growth across a range of our businesses, including chromatography, mass spectrometry, electron microscopy, as well as the research and safety market channel. Academic and government demand were strong in all regions. In industrial and applied, we grew in the high-single digits for the quarter. We saw strong growth in all of our analytical instrument businesses, including electron microscopy, chemical analysis and chromatography and mass spectrometry. Finally, in diagnostics and health care, in Q1, revenue was approximately 45% lower than the prior year quarter. The team delivered very good core business growth during the quarter led by our immunodiagnostics, microbiology and transplant diagnostic businesses. I'll now turn to our proven growth strategy, which enables us to continue to deliver differentiated performance and setting us up for an even brighter future. As a reminder, our growth strategy consists of three pillars developing high impact, innovative new products, leveraging our scale and the high growth in emerging markets, and delivering a unique value proposition to our customers. Starting with the first pillar, innovation. We had an excellent start to the year as we launched a number of high impact new products across our businesses during the first quarter. These technologies are further strengthening our industry leadership by enabling our customers to break new ground in their important work. In elemental analysis, we launched the Thermo Scientific iCAP RQ Plus ICP-MS Analyzer. This ICP mass spectrometry system simplifies analysis of trace elements in complicated samples, including the identification of heavy metals in soil and water as well as toxic elements in food and beverage. In Genetic Sciences, we launched the Applied Biosystems QuantStudio Absolute Q AutoRun dPCR Suite, an automated digital PCR solution to increase productivity for molecular research, including cell and gene therapy and cancer research. In our Biosciences business, we launched the Invitrogen DynaGreen, microplastic-free magnetic beads for protein purification. This new product will help our customers to reduce the environmental impact of life science research and builds on our long history of innovation and market leadership in bioscience reagents. And in our Clinical Diagnostics business, we launched the Thermo Scientific DRI Tramadol assay, which broadens our extensive toxicology portfolio with a new drug of abuse assay to help fight the opioid crisis. These are just a few examples of the innovation going on across our company, and I'm excited about the robust pipeline of products that will be launched throughout the year. We also recently learned that Thermo Fisher was ranked number 22 on Fortune's Most Innovative Companies List. This is a new award launched in 2023 based on product and process innovation and a company's culture. A really nice recognition of our team and their track record. The second pillar of our growth strategy is leveraging our scale and the high growth in emerging markets to create a differentiated experience for our customers. We continue to strengthen our capabilities serving these markets by opening a new Gibco cell culture rapid prototyping facility at our existing site in Suzhou, China. This facility will help regional customers accelerate the transition of their cell culture media production into current good manufacturing practices. It will also ensure patients receive therapies manufactured to the highest level of safety, effectiveness, quality and purity. Turning to the third pillar of our growth strategy. We continue to enhance our customer value proposition by strengthening our capabilities to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. I've had the opportunity to meet with dozens of our pharmaceutical and biotech customers since the beginning of the year, and our value proposition is clearly resonating. Our trusted partner status gives us an early understanding of customers unmet needs and the ability to generate insights that allow for deep collaborations that continue to advance scientific breakthroughs. During Q1, we achieved an exciting milestone in our strategic partnership with the University of California, San Francisco with the opening of a new cell therapy cGMP Manufacturing and Collaboration Center to accelerate the development of breakthrough therapies for glioblastoma, multiple myeloma and other cancers. In this facility, we offer UCSF and other customer solutions for cell therapy development, from discovery to clinical research through to commercial manufacturing. Partnerships like this have the potential to transform clinical care. Another example of our customer value proposition and the trusted partner status that we have established with our pharma and biotech customers can be seen in the excellent performance of our clinical research business, which drove very strong growth in the quarter. I'm very excited by the revenue synergies that will drive both short-term and longer term growth in the business. The momentum is continuing to build and is benefiting both our clinical research business and other parts of the company. We're also working with very engaged customers on longer term projects to explore ways to reduce the time and cost of bringing drugs to market. By bringing our capabilities and expertise within our pharma services and clinical research businesses together, we are working to improve the effectiveness of the drug development process, benefiting both our customers and their patients. We have an exciting pilot underway that is utilizing dedicated resources and best-in-class technologies and capabilities to provide enhanced visibility and real-time data to the customer. This improves the speed of decision making and reduces potential delays from development to manufacturing to clinical trials. It can also help our customers take cost out of the process by reducing waste in the clinical supply process. This is really a nice example of why we are the trusted partner. As always, our PPI Business System and our mission driven culture enabled our success during the quarter. PPI engages and empowers all of our colleagues to find a better way every day, and it enables us to improve quality, productivity and the customer experience, while also helping us to navigate a dynamic environment. You can see the positive impact of our PPI Business System and our results in Q1. It is also allowed us to capitalize on the strong demand from customers for analytical instrumentation and has also helped us to effectively address the runoff and pandemic related activity and appropriately manage our costs. Moving to capital deployment. We've had an active start to the year both in strategic M&A and returning capital to our shareholders. We closed the acquisition of The Binding Site at the beginning of the year. It's great to have this business now as part of the company. The business is a fantastic fit with our Specialty Diagnostics business and we're leveraging our capabilities to take an excellent business and make it even better. The integration is going very smoothly and the business is performing very well, tracking ahead of plan. Our team is focused on advancing the diagnosis and management of patients with multiple myeloma and immune disorders, and the innovation pipeline looks great. We're excited by the opportunity to further advance patient care in this area. In terms of return of capital, during the quarter, we repurchased $3 billion of stock and increased our dividend by 17%. So, overall, a great start to the year from capital deployment. During the quarter, we also advanced our environmental, social and governance priorities, including securing agreements to power all current US sites with 100% renewable energy by 2026. This is a significant contribution to our 2030 commitment to a 50% of reduction in Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions. As we continue to transition away from fossil fuels and adopt renewable energy, we're also accelerating our progress towards our commitment to net zero carbon emissions by 2050. We'll be releasing our latest Corporate Social Responsibility report later this quarter and will give our stakeholders a really substantive view on our continuous improvement and the positive impact that we're having. Let me now turn to our guidance. Since the beginning of the year, the macro environment has become slightly more challenging. We're stepping up to that challenge and our proven growth strategy, powered by our PPI Business System, is enabling us to maintain our ambitious full year outlook with revenues of $45.3 billion and adjusted EPS of $23.70. Stephen will take you through the details in his remarks. So to summarize our key takeaways from the first quarter. Our very strong results in Q1 were driven by our proven growth strategy and PPI Business System. Our business is performing very well. Our unique customer value proposition is further elevating our trusted partner status and we're continuing to gain market share. We effectively deployed capital to create significant value for our customers and shareholders, and we're incredibly well positioned to deliver differentiated performance and an excellent 2023 as we continue to create value for all of our stakeholders and build an even brighter future for our company. With that, I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in our press release, we started the year with a very strong Q1. Our growth strategy powered by our PPI Business System is enabling us to continue to very effectively navigate the company through a dynamic macro environment, manage the runoff in pandemic related revenue and drive excellent core organic revenue growth and share gains. In the quarter, we delivered $10.7 billion of revenue, which included 6% core organic revenue growth. We delivered $5.03 of adjusted EPS. Our core organic revenue growth was 1% higher than we had incorporated in our previous 2023 guidance, and adjusted EPS was $0.02 ahead. So a very strong start to the year. Let me now provide you with some more details on our performance. So beginning with our earnings results, as I mentioned, we delivered $5.03 of adjusted EPS in Q1. GAAP EPS in the quarter was $3.32. On the top line reported revenue was 9% lower year-over-year. The components of our Q1 reported revenue included 8% lower organic revenue, a 1% contribution from acquisitions and a headwind of 2% from foreign exchange. Pandemic related revenue came in as we expected in Q1. This is comprised of $140 million of testing revenue and $180 million of vaccines and therapies revenue. As I mentioned earlier, core organic revenue growth in the quarter was 6%. And as a reminder, core organic revenue growth continues to include the change in our COVID-19 vaccines and therapies revenue, which was a headwind of approximately 3% in the quarter. So very strong core performance showing the continued strength of our business. Turning to our organic revenue performance by geography. The organic growth rates by region are skewed by the pandemic related revenue in the current and prior year. In Q1, North America declined high-single digits. Europe declined in the low-double digits. Asia Pacific grew in the low-single digits, with China declining slightly and Rest of World declined high-single digits. With respect to our operational performance, adjusted operating income in the quarter decreased 32% and adjusted operating margin was 21.8%, 740 basis points lower than Q1 last year. In the quarter, we achieved strong price realization to effectively address inflation while also driving strong productivity. This was more than offset by lower pandemic related revenue and continued strategic investments. Total company adjusted gross margin in the quarter came in at 40.3%, 720 basis points lower than Q1 last year. For the first quarter, the change in gross margin was due to the same drivers as those for our adjusted operating margin. Moving on to the details of P&L. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 15.3% of revenue. Total R&D expense was $350 million in Q1, reflecting our ongoing investments in high impact innovation. R&D as a percent of manufacturing revenue was 6.9% in the quarter. Looking at our results below the line for the quarter and net interest expense was $154 million, which is $36 million higher than Q1 last year, mainly due to capital deployment. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 10%. This is 410 basis points lower than Q1 last year, reflecting the results of our tax planning activities. Average diluted shares were $388 million in Q1, approximately $6 million lower year-over-year, driven by share repurchases, net of option dilution. Turning to cash flow on the balance sheet. Cash flow from operations was $730 million. Free cash flow for Q1 was $280 million after investing $450 million in net capital expenditures. During the quarter, we deployed $5.8 billion of capital. This included $2.7 billion for the acquisition of The Binding Site and $3.1 billion of capital to return to shareholders through buybacks and dividends. We ended the quarter with $3.5 billion in cash and $35.3 billion of total debt. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.2 times gross debt to adjusted EBITDA and 2.9 times on a net debt basis. Concluding my comments on our total company performance, adjusted ROIC was 12.2%, reflecting the strong returns on investment that were generating across the company. Now provide some color on the performance of our four business segments. Let me start with a couple of framing comments. The scale and margin profile of our pandemic related revenue varies by segment, and that revenue was significantly higher in the prior year. So that does skew some of the reported segment growth rates and margins. We continue to execute strong pricing realization across all segments to address higher inflation. Moving on to the segment details starting with Life Science Solutions. Q1 reported revenue in the segment declined 38% and organic revenue was 37% lower than the prior year quarter. This was driven by the moderation in pandemic related revenue in the segment versus the year ago quarter. Q1 adjusted operating income in Life Science Solutions decreased 62% and adjusted operating margin was 32%, down 19 percentage points versus the prior year quarter. In the quarter, we delivered good productivity, which was more than offset by unfavorable volume mix due to the significantly higher pandemic related revenue in Q1 2022. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue increased 14% in Q1 and organic growth was 17%. The strong growth was broad based in the segment this quarter led by chromatography and mass spectrometry and the electron microscopy businesses. Q1 adjusted operating income in the segment increased 40% and adjusted operating margin was 24.4%, up 460 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we delivered strong volume pull-through, strong productivity and favourable business mix. This was partially offset by strategic investments. Turning to Specialty Diagnostics. In Q1, reported revenue declined 25% and organic revenue was 28% lower than the prior year quarter. In Q1, we continued to see strong underlying growth in the core led by our immunodiagnostics, microbiology and transplant diagnostics businesses. This was offset by lower pandemic related revenue versus the year ago quarter. Q1 adjusted operating income decreased 21% in the quarter and adjusted operating margin was 25.3%, which is 140 basis points higher than Q1 2022. During the quarter, we delivered favourable business mix and strong productivity, which is partially offset by the impact of lower COVID-19 testing volumes. Finally, in Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment. Q1 reported revenue increased 6% and organic growth was 7%. During Q1, organic revenue growth in this segment was led by the pharma services and clinical research businesses. Q1 adjusted operating income in the segment increased 28% and adjusted operating margin was 13.8%, which is 240 basis points higher than Q1 2022. In the quarter, we delivered strong productivity and volume pull-through. This was partially offset by strategic investments. Let me now turn to guidance. And as Marc outlined, we're maintaining our guidance for full year 2023, consisting of revenue guidance of $45.3 billion, including 7% core organic revenue growth and adjusted EPS guidance of $23.70. There's no net change overall in our guidance, but how we expect to achieve this guidance is different from the way we planned at the start of the year, and it demonstrates our ability to effectively navigate the dynamic macro environment and maintain a very strong financial outlook. Since our initial guide, we see $0.25 of additional headwinds to adjusted EPS, $0.15 from business mix and $0.10 from FX. We're actively offsetting all of this headwind about $0.20 through cost management and $0.05 through actions below the line. So no net change overall. The PPI Business System is enabling us to navigate the company very effectively through a dynamic macro environment. As I mentioned, the 2023 guidance reflects a very strong financial outlook. Let me remind you of some of the key underlying assumptions that remain unchanged from the previous guidance. We continue to assume 7% core organic revenue growth from market growth of 4% to 6%. Within that core revenue, we expect $500 million of vaccines and therapies revenue in 2023. This is $1.2 billion less than the prior year, a 3% impact on core organic revenue growth. It's worth noting that the majority of our vaccine and therapy revenue in 2023 is expected to be in our pharma services business. With regards to testing revenue, we continue to assume $400 million for 2023. We're assuming The Binding Site acquisition will contribute approximately $250 million to our reported revenue growth this year. Below the line, we expect net interest expense in 2023 to be approximately $480 million. We continue to assume that net capital expenditures will be approximately $2 billion in 2023 and free cash flow is assumed to be $6.9 billion for the year. Our guidance includes $3 billion of share buybacks, which were already completed in January. We estimate the full year average diluted share count will be approximately 388 million shares. And we're assuming we return approximately $540 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends, a 17% increase over 2022. So turning now to the assumptions that have changed. As I mentioned earlier, our FX assumption for the year has changed. We still expect FX to be a tailwind to revenue of approximately $100 million or 0.2%. However, we now expect it to be a headwind to adjusted EPS of $0.06. That's $0.10 more of a headwind than the previous guidance due to changes in rates and the expected mix of our currencies. Guidance assumes adjusted operating margins for 2023 to be in the range of 23.8% to 23.9% for the year. The adjusted tax rate assumption has improved slightly from our initial guide. We now expect it to be 10.8% for the full year. And finally, I wanted to touch on quarterly phasing for the year. Compared to our initial phasing assumptions, we now expect a slightly higher weighting of revenue and adjusted EPS in the second half of the year. We're currently assuming that the first half of the year represents approximately 48% of our full year revenue dollars and 44% of our full year adjusted EPS dollars. Q2 core organic growth is expected to be mid-single digits, probably best to model at a slightly lower than Q1. To conclude, we delivered a very strong start to the year and we're in great position to deliver differentiated performance for all our stakeholders in 2023. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Raf.
Rafael Tejada: Thank you, Stephen. Operator, we're ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jack Meehan of Nephron Research. Jack, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. So my question is focused on lab products, biopharma services. First is on PPD. So we've been getting some mixed signals so far this earnings around biotech customer demand. Marc, I would love to get your perspective. How did PPD grow this quarter? What does the outlook assume? Has that changed at all? And then can you talk about award trends that you're seeing? Thanks.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Jack thanks for the question. Good morning. Our clinical research business, PPD had a very strong start to the year. The growth continues to be in the mid-teens. And it's doing really well. We had strong backlog. We had good level of authorization. So that business is continuing to benefit from the revenue synergies. You've seen that start to come into the numbers this year and I'm very excited about the prospect. Team is doing a really good job of executing. Environment is definitely a little bit more challenging, but the team is doing a good job to go out and capture the business.
Jack Meehan: Great. Okay. And then one more on that segment is just would love to hear your color around how the research channel performed this quarter. Can you just talk about core market demand and any share dynamics that you're seeing? Thank you.
Marc Casper: Our channel business, Fisher Scientific channel has done really well actually consistently for quite a number of years. It plays an amazing role in enabling our customers to do the research that they're doing and make sure they do that in an effective and efficient way. And the business is off to a good start. It has had good growth. And our best sense on share dynamics as it continues to win customers. So it's a well-performing business.
Jack Meehan: Super. Thank you.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Jack.
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Jack.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rachel Vatnsdal of JPMorgan. Rachel, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Perfect. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. And so first half, two of your peer have recently talked about visibility within bioprocessing being pressured to more like three to six months of visibility versus historical nine to 12 months. So can you just walk us through what's your current level of visibility? And is that different between customer sets within large pharma versus some of these emerging biotech customers? And then also, how does PPD and having that business impact your level of visibility there?
Marc Casper: Sure. So, Rachel, good morning. Thanks for the question. Maybe I'll step up a level first, and then I'll talk about the specifics of the question because as I look and read some of the other industry participants reports so far. Clearly, a noisy quarter in the industry. And when I frame that, as a reminder, when we started the year, we set out ambitious goals for 2023, right? And we do that every year. For us, a 7% core growth from an organic perspective against a 14% comparison and also have very strong earnings. So that's sort of as we came into the year. So what's different in late April versus February 1st when we set out our guidance. Well, the first thing is, we delivered a great chart to the year, right? Great Q1. Second, the macroeconomic environment is more challenging, right? And that leads to a slightly more cautious spend in all sectors of the economy, nothing to do with life science tools and pharma services. But we also see that in some of our customers as well in terms of the caution. Within our own company, a couple of our businesses are performing slightly better than our original guidance, and that's our analytical instruments business which had an excellent Q1 and we now have more visibility into Q3 for that business and that looks encouraging. The second business is doing a little bit better than our original guidance with Specialty Diagnostics is also a strong start. Bioproduction, which is where your question is really focused, we're going to see in the first half more headwinds than our original expectation. It's driven really by the customers are benefiting from the improved lead times that we're delivering against because we brought our -- completed our network expansion, right? So customers can get products more quickly. And our view is this is a temporal phenomenon, and we feel good about what the long-term prospects here. In terms of the specifics in terms of visibility and by customer sets and those things. I think the way that I think about it is, long-term, this is an incredible market with great growth. It's grown very high for many years in the past and has incredible tailwinds. It has a reasonably good visibility because it's related to customer production. And our expectation is that the second half of the year is better than the first half of the year in terms of the view. As a reminder, Rachel, it represents 10% of our revenue. So I think it's important to keep that in the context as well.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great. Thank you. And then maybe just one on instruments. Analytical Instruments grew 17% during the quarter. You flagged that that's one of the areas that's been better than expected so far versus your initial guidance for the year. So can you walk us through what are your latest expectations for Analytical Instrument growth for the year? And then are there any end markets within AI that are just growing faster than expected? Thanks.
Marc Casper: Yes. So in terms of our instruments business, we really are benefiting from very strong adoption of our innovation, right? We just continue to bring out great products. As a reminder, during the pandemic, we continue to fuel and accelerate our R&D pipeline, and you're seeing the benefit of it. We are capitalizing on the semiconductor desire to move to the next generation of nodes, which uses our electromicroscopy. We're a key enabler for battery technology with our microscopes and our chromatography and mass spectrometry business doing incredibly well. So the strength here is broad based. Obviously, the 17% growth in the quarter, very strong. We would expect a good level of growth in Q2. And what we had said at the beginning of the year is that, that would moderate in the second half, and we think that moderation will be less than we originally expected in Q3. So we expect it to be a solid Q3, and we'll obviously have more visibility to Q4 when we report in July. So we're assuming that Q3 is little better than we expected and Q4 as we expected at this point because that's what we have visibility to. Thanks, Rachel.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America. Derik, your line is open. Please proceed.
Derik De Bruin: Hi. Good morning. So I'm curious you've talked about ambitious guide and the markets being a little bit tougher. Yes, you're maintaining guidance because you're offsetting some things right now. I guess, is there additional little room to do further offsets if the market curates further there. Basically, it's a question about your confidence in that guide and how much sort of like leeway is built into it? Thanks.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Derek, the way that we manage the company, right, is the first thing we want to deliver differentiated performance in a given year that we would be proud of delivering and strengthen the company for the long-term, right? And that's the first set of principles. And that set of principles has served us very well for many years. And when you look at our track record, we do a good job of delivering short-term and strength in the long-term. When I think about the outlook for the year and where we are we feel good about the full year guidance at this point in time based on how Q1 has played out and the changes and we've laid out some of the assumptions around that for the balance of the year. And if those assumptions are largely the way the year plays out, we're going to be in a great position. If those assumptions are too conservative, we'll beat these numbers. If those assumptions are too aggressive then we will appropriately adjust guidance over time, right? And I'm not shy about any of those dynamics. We try to give you total transparency and I feel good about our outlook based on Q1 and the assumptions that we're making.
Derik De Bruin: Got it. And going back, I mean, because we're obviously getting a lot of questions on the whole bioprocessing and inventory issues. I know your business is more upstream focused on downstream and it looks like you're maintaining the expectations you have for the COVID vaccine element. But can you just talk a little bit more about some of the dynamics in that space? And why your business is a little bit different than some other ones? And also just you talked about some moderating in bioproduction. Just a little bit more clarity on that. Thanks.
Marc Casper: Yeah, sure. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Just can I level set for a second on the actual revenue for 2023, the $500 million of vaccines and therapies. That's pretty much all in our pharma Services business, it's not in the bioproduction business.
Derik De Bruin: Got it. Okay.
Marc Casper: Yes. So when I think about the dynamics here, on the COVID vaccine, as Stephen said, my take is, it's played out almost exactly. I mean Q1 is exactly where we anticipated when we look at our visibility to the $500 million, I feel very good about that in terms of it because we know the contracts that we have and what activity has been booked there. So that's pretty straightforward. When I think about the bioproduction more generally, what I would say is in the very practical dynamics to go back to the pandemic, right? Huge demand, right, for these products. Those companies that were successful and unsuccessful and trying to bring out therapies and vaccines for response to the pandemic. That stressed lead times for everybody. Obviously, it varies differently by how much capacity, how well companies are on all those different dynamics, but lead times got super extended, right? For us and the nature of our products, our leadership in cell culture media and single use. Customers don't really order extra. It's not one of these things where you want to be stockpiling this stuff because they're very specific to the campaigns that you're running, right? So the dynamic becomes very simple. If we have a 30-week lead time, which was extended during the pandemic, you order 30 weeks -- with 30 weeks visibility. When we bring that lead time back into normal to say 15 weeks for simplicity, customers will work through what they ordered because they don't have to order as quickly because they know we're going to give them the product, right? And one of the themes that we said throughout the pandemic was we work super closely with our customers like incredible around the dialogue. So they trust that we're going to deliver when we say. So they didn't over order in the time when lead times got extended and they're ordering appropriately now. So can you call that to the month? No, of course, not. But we have a reasonable view that the first half is going to be a little bit softer than we originally had put in our expectations that the second half starts to pick up. And the good news is between instruments, especially diagnostics, it's offsetting at this point. So hopefully that's helpful.
Derik De Bruin: Great. Thanks.
Marc Casper: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Brennan of Cowen. Dan, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Daniel Brennan: Great. Thank you. Thanks for the questions. Marc, while we had to wait for the conference call to get the core organic guide reiteration for Thermo. The Jets went up to you by giving us Aaron Rodgers trade before the draft. Fans have to be excited for the year. I hope you are. So maybe just on bioproduction, a question there. Would you be willing to share with us just some color within the context of your biopharma outlook for 2023. How you're thinking about the growth rates for your consumables business the CDMO and PPD. I know on the last call, you gave us PPD, but just trying to get a breakdown or a sense of the different components for your biopharma outlook for the year?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Dan, thanks for the question. And in the spring, hope springs eternal in football because [indiscernible] hasn't been made yet. But effectively, from my perspective, pharma and biotech is a good question. If you take -- let's focus on the market itself, right? When I think about the quarter, we delivered mid-single digit growth, right? And when you think about what's embedded in that is obviously that's where the vaccine and therapy rolloff is from the prior year. So we did it exactly as we expected. So that basically you have double-digit growth, not a big normalization guys, but just to try to make it simple, if you didn't have a vaccine and therapy rolloff, you'd have double-digit growth in that segment. So most of the change from trajectories around that. I think the second thing to remember is that last year, we grew 14%. This year, we grew -- we're expecting to grow 7%. The expectation, obviously, is therefore our growth, while outstanding is going to be more moderate than last year and given the pharma and biotech is our largest customer segment, obviously, our expectation is that growth will moderate. I would say largely, Q1 was pretty similar to what we thought it would be with bioproduction being a little bit softer. You can say there's a little bit more caution in the smaller biotech customers. But do I think it's like dramatically different? I don't, right? And so we're working through that and we have strength in other parts of our mix. And that's kind of where we are. On all the details of each of the businesses by customer side, they don't really manage that way. And on the bioproduction side, as I said a little bit earlier, in total, it represents about 10% of our revenue.
Daniel Brennan: Great. Thank you for that, Marc. And then maybe as a follow-up on earlier question on instruments. You talked about better visibility. So what is -- you talked a lot about share gains as well. So maybe could you give us a sense of how you're somewhat bucking the trend that the other peers are seeing after a strong couple of years. You're still seeing above corporate average growth, others are kind of citing more comps. So what's driving between FEIC, LC-MS and any geographies or anything you want to share with us about the strength in your AI business for 2023?
Marc Casper: Yes. The team is doing a good job executing, right? They're doing a good job on navigating the various supply chain things that happened over the last couple of years and our shipments are at a high level we're going out and winning business. I think the strategy that the team has executed around breakthrough innovation. Customers find money when the products are really relevant. I mean that's been my experience. Over long periods of time or if you have great products, customers want them. So that's been a positive dynamic certainly for the instruments business. And what I would say is we definitely have challenging comparisons this year. We're off to a good start. And I would expect that growth will moderate a bit in the second half, but Q3 being a little bit better than we originally expected.
Daniel Brennan: Great. Thank you, Marc.
Marc Casper: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Sykes of Goldman Sachs. Matt, your line is open. Please proceed.
Matthew Sykes: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe Marc or Stephen, just first on sort of regional trends. Stephen, you outlined some of the growth in the quarter for Europe and China, but just any incremental color on what you're seeing, particularly in China across your business and how you think that those trends play out over the course of this year?
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Matt, thanks for the question. China actually played out pretty much as we expected in the quarter, right? So our expectation for Q1 was it was going to be slightly better than Q4 that you'd still see some of the impact of the unwind of the Zero COVID policy. And that as the year progresses, it will continue to strengthen from there. When I look at the first quarter in China, the business was down slightly. The core growth actually was high-single digits in the quarter. So that felt good. What I would say is, we expected stimulus to happen in the first quarter. It did happen in the first quarter. So that played out. It was good to see the Chinese government released money to the academic institutions. You see that in our instrument business. And so that played out well. And so I feel good about the outlook. Obviously, the geopolitical tensions are real, and that's an environment that is going to be around, I would suspect for a while. And we'll navigate through it, but China should be a good market for us this year and it has been historically. Stephen, anything on the --
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So Matt, on the other end markets, when I think there's a lot of noise from the pandemic unwind, but when I kind of see through that, good growth really across all of the main geographies. So nothing really to call out there.
Matthew Sykes: Got it. And then just maybe one high level on PPD. You talked about the growth there. And obviously, it's been outgrowing peers. Can we attribute any of that outsized growth to sort of the value proposition that being a part of Thermo might represent for your customer base? Or is it still too early to kind of see that potential growth impact come in and this is just PPD executing as it has been.
Marc Casper: I think our team is doing a great job of executing, right? They are out there serving customers and patients so that customers are making a great choice to work with us, right? They're doing a really good job. We clearly have a high level of new authorizations because of the combination of what Thermo Fisher brings and what PPD brought together, right? So there's a lot of customer interest. It shows up in authorization is showing up in our revenue now. That continues to build. And I'm excited. Next year will be year three. And, as a reminder, that's $250 million of revenue that we're assuming from a revenue synergy next year. So it's really exciting in terms of where it is, and I feel good about the performance of the business and the outlook.
Matthew Sykes: Thank you.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar of Evercore. Vijay, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the steady front here. Marc, my first question for you, high level. I think your prior guidance for biopharma end market was slightly north of corporate about 7% or thereabouts. Did that change at all, Marc? And if it did change, where is the change coming from between CDMO CRO and bioprocessing in -- could you just remind us what is Thermo's exposure to early-stage biotech emerging pharma?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Vijay, we gave like 80,000 foot directional views on the markets at the end of the -- at the beginning of the year to set the guidance context. And when I think about the additional color that Steve and I have provided today, it really says that it's more business focused, which is actually how we manage our company. Instrument specialty diagnostics a little bit stronger bioproduction a little bit softer primarily in the first half. So that translates probably into a tiny little changes within the end markets, but nothing that really jumps out as something meaningfully different. What I would say is in terms of the early biotech, those are a great customer set that we have done a fantastic job serving. Yesterday, I was actually talking to roughly 400 members of that community at a customer event here in the Greater Boston area. And like the room was buzzing, not because I was speaking, but rather just like me walking in and this is such energy and excitement. So why is that? Because they're bringing through cures that are going to exception an enormous difference. The science is phenomenal. So there's clearly going to be more caution in that segment, depending on the funding environment, but the science is great. The passion is extraordinary. And we are the company that people come to advance the molecule from a scientific idea to an improved medicine. So it's customers that we love, we're going to do well. And we obviously generate the vast majority of our revenue from the large pharma and biotech customers, and they're doing well, and we've got a strong position there. So hopefully that at least gives you the qualitative context of how to think about it.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful perspective, Marc. And Stephen one quick follow-up for you. Second quarter guidance mid-single. I think you said second quarter perhaps below Q1, the comps will get easier for you in 2Q. So maybe just walk us through on the Q2 thought process?
Stephen Williamson: Really, the main piece is just the timing on the bioproduction and instrumentation being stronger in Q3, as Marc outlined in terms of change our guide assumptions.
Vijay Kumar: Fantastic. Thanks, guys.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Vijay.
Stephen Williamson: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Arias of Stifel. Dan, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Daniel Arias: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the questions. Marc, on the services side, I'm just curious how the Unity business is performing in light of this sort of sustained period of instrument demand that we're seeing here is acceleration something that we can expect there? Or is this more of sort of a steady-state growth rate at this point?
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Dan, thanks for the question. When I think about our instrument and equipment services business, what that business is, as a reminder for our investors is, we service our fleets of instruments. We also work at pharmaceutical and biotech campuses for our customers to manage their inventory, do those activities, help them with some of the things that they need done to run their labs as well as service other people's equipment and instrumentation. So that's what we do. In general, that is a steady, nicely growing business because we've had very significant growth in the volume of our instruments over the last couple of years that becomes a trailing tailwind for the business because you have a year or so of warranty, so you don't get any additional revenue effectively. But as the warranty rolls off, that does actually drive incremental demand. So your hypothesis there is correct, but that's one that continues to strengthen at this part of the cycle.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. And then, Dan, particularly on the electron microscopy business where customers can't service themselves. So you have some customers that can be efficient service from other kind of lower end instrumentation. But from electromicroscopy standpoint, they're really looking for us to step up and help them with that. So that continued, as Marc said, that continued tailwind is very significant.
Daniel Arias: Yes. Okay. Helpful. And then, Stephen, while I have you, just on the variables of the equation that have changed slightly underneath an unchanged guide overall, is there anything in terms of the evolving expectations for the business units themselves. Marc may have mention of some things, some businesses that are doing better than others. So I just sort of wanted to sum that up when we think about segment trajectory and just modeling those going forward. Thanks.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. I think we outlined the key changes. I think one thing that's hard for people to model is kind of where the vaccines and therapies changes. When I think about Q1 that was all in the Life Science Solutions segment. That's Biosciences business as well as Bioproduction. So from a year-over-year change, that was, I think, about an eight percentage point impact on the segment. That lessens as a headwind when I think about that going forward, but still most of that change in that revenue stream is in that segment as I think about the year as a whole. But nothing significant changing underneath other than we've already identified in terms of the overall guide.
Rafael Tejada: Operator, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Of course, our final question of today comes from Puneet Souda of SVB Securities. Puneet, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Puneet Souda: Hi, Marc. Good morning and congrats here. Just I'll stick to one maybe sort of 1.5 question. Capital deployment, 2022, you did two deals, PeproTech earlier in there and then Binding Site. Wondering how the outlook is looking for capital deployment this year. Maybe talk a little bit about your expectations for what you're seeing from market participants in both public and private markets. And then just briefly on the Inflation Reduction Act. Could you outline what you're hearing from your larger pharma customers? I'm wondering if they're changing how they're allocating their R&D going forward? Thank you.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Puneet, thanks for the questions. In terms of the IRA, I think customers are working through that in terms of what the implications and does that adjust any of the long-term decision making about what our preferred and what's their clinical trial strategy. We haven't seen anything material change at this point? I know there's certainly a lot of dialogue with government. I'm trying to make sure those policies do what they were intended to do. From a capital deployment perspective, this is a good environment from my perspective because you have less competition because of higher interest rates. From certainly private equity and so forth. So I think there's always competition, but I think that's good because that helps you pick and choose and get things at an appropriate valuation. So I think we'll continue to be active. Our pipeline is super busy like so I'm very excited about what we're looking at. You never know how these things actually play out in reality. But there's plenty going on and we'll be aggressive if the right transaction is available to us. So that's the benefit of the company performing well and a great track record of creating value through capital deployment.
Marc Casper: So thanks for the questions. I think at this point I'll do a quick wrap up. So, thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. We're very pleased to deliver a strong quarter. We're incredibly well positioned to continue to deliver differentiated performance as we continue to create value for all of our stakeholders and build an even brighter future for our company. I'm looking forward to updating you on our upcoming Investor Day on May 24th. See you in New York City or virtually. And as always thank you for your support at Thermo Fisher Scientific.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2022 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. My name is Brika, and I will be your event specialist running today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Rafael Tejada, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Tejada, you may begin your call.
Rafael Tejada: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading News & Events until February 17, 2023. A copy of the press release of our fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our safe harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which are on file with the SEC and available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials, SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during this call, we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thank you, Raf. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our fourth quarter call and a wrap-up of a truly exceptional year for Thermo Fisher Scientific. We delivered another quarter of outstanding results in Q4, and as I reflect on the year, three things stand out to me. Our proven growth strategy continues to drive significant share gain. Our differentiated customer value proposition is further elevating our trusted partner status with our customers. And this, in combination with the power of our PPI Business System, drove outstanding financial performance for the quarter and full year, exceeding our ambitious goals. Our ability to deliver these results in a year that included global supply chain disruptions, a war in Ukraine, COVID-19 lockdowns in China and inflationary headwinds wouldn't be possible without the incredible dedication of our team around the world. I'm very grateful for our team's great execution in effectively navigating dynamic times and enabling the success of our company and our customers. Thanks to our colleagues, our company delivers spectacular 2022, and I couldn't be more excited for 2023. I'll get into more of the details in my remarks later, but first, let me recap the financials. Starting with the quarter. Our revenue grew 7% to $11.45 billion. Our adjusted operating income was $2.56 billion, and we delivered another quarter of strong adjusted EPS performance, achieving $5.40 per share. Turning to our results for the full year. We grew revenue by 15% to $44.92 billion in 2022. Adjusted operating income was $10.99 billion and adjusted EPS, $23.24 per share. Let me turn to our end markets. We continue to deliver excellent and differentiated performance in Q4. This was driven by a continuation of good market conditions and outstanding execution from our global team, resulting in meaningful share gain. Let me now give you some color for the quarter and the year. Starting with our largest end market, pharma and biotech, we continue to deliver impressive performance with growth in the low teens for the quarter and mid-teens for the full year. Our differentiated customer value proposition is further elevating our trusted partner status with our pharma and biotech customers. Throughout the year, we had broad-based strength across our businesses serving this end market, highlighted by our bioproduction, pharma services, chromatography and mass spectrometry businesses as well as the research and safety market channel. In academic and government, we grew in the mid-single digits for both the quarter and for the full year. We delivered strong growth across a range of our businesses, including biosciences, electron microscopy, chromatography and mass spectrometry as well as in the research and safety market channel.  In industrial and applied, we grew in the low teens for the quarter and mid-teens for the full year. During the year, we delivered strong growth in our electron microscopy and chromatography and mass spectrometry businesses. And finally, in diagnostics and health care, in Q4, revenue was approximately 40% lower than the prior year quarter and 25% lower than full year 2021. The team delivered good core business growth during the year, led by our microbiology and transplant diagnostic businesses as well as our healthcare market channel. I'll now turn to our growth strategy, which is delivering the differentiated performance and setting us up for an even brighter future. As a reminder, our strategy consists of three pillars: developing high-impact innovative new products, leveraging our scale in high-growth and emerging markets; and delivering a unique value proposition to our customers. Starting with the first pillar. It was another terrific year of high-impact innovation as we launched outstanding new products across our businesses that strengthen our industry leadership by enabling our customers to break new ground in their important work. In chromatography and mass spectrometry, our innovations are accelerating our customers' research and unlocking deeper analytical insights. In 2022, we extended our industry-leading Thermo Scientific Orbitrap portfolio, launching the Orbitrap Ascend Tribrid mass spectrometer to advance proteomics, metabolomics and cancer biomarker research. We also launched the Thermo Scientific TRACE 1600 Series Gas Chromatograph to advance analytical testing for food, environmental, industrial and pharmaceutical applications. In electron microscopy, the new Thermo Scientific Glacios 2 Cryo-TEM was launched during the fourth quarter. It will help our customers accelerate structure-based drug discovery for debilitating disorders, such as Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and Huntington diseases as well as research for cancer and gene mutations. We also continue to build on our genetic sciences capabilities to help our customers understand, diagnose and treat disease. During the fourth quarter, our SeCore CDx HLA sequencing system was granted marketing authorization by the U.S. FDA for use as a companion diagnostic with a T cell receptor therapy for adults with ocular melanoma. This is a really nice example of how our Specialty Diagnostics business is benefiting from our capabilities in life sciences solutions. In addition, we expanded our PCR test menu to leverage our incredibly large installed base of instruments and launched the TruMark Infectious Disease Research Panels for rapid detection and research of infectious disease pathogens. To wrap up the innovation highlights, we added to our cell and gene therapy offering, most recently launching the Gibco CTS DynaCellect Magnetic Separation System. Our solutions are helping customers advance their cell and gene therapy programs. So another spectacular year of innovation, and we have an exciting pipeline of launches in 2023 and beyond. The second pillar of our growth strategy is leveraging our scale in high-growth and emerging markets to create a differentiated experience for our customers. We continue to strengthen our capabilities serving these markets during the year, and I'll highlight a recent example. In the quarter, we opened a new cGMP biologics and sterile manufacturing facility in Hangzhou, China, which provides integrated clinical and commercial drug substance and drug product capabilities to help customers in China and in the Asia Pacific region deliver patient therapies more quickly. Turning to the third pillar of our growth strategy, we continue to enhance our customer value proposition by strengthening our capabilities. We've been executing on the significant investments we've made over the past couple of years. And throughout 2022, we brought new capacity and capabilities online for pharma services, bioproduction and clinical research services. Most recently, during the fourth quarter, we opened a new state-of-the-art bioanalytical lab in Richmond, Virginia to support our clinical research business and the increasing demand for our laboratory services to accelerate drug development. As always, our PPI Business System enabled our success during the year. It's helping us to drive meaningful share gain, maximize the return on investments, meet our customers' needs and successfully navigate a dynamic environment, including effectively addressing inflation and global supply chain challenges. PPI engages and empowers all of our colleagues to find a better way every day and enables outstanding execution. We continue to successfully execute our capital deployment strategy, which is a combination of strategic M&A and returning capital to our shareholders. In 2022, we successfully integrated PPD, our clinical research business. For the full year, PPD delivered core organic growth in the high teens, generating over $7 billion in revenue and contributing over $2 to our adjusted earnings per share. The combination of a great first year performance and excellent progress on our synergy realization is delivering very strong returns for our shareholders that is well ahead of the deal model. From a customer lens, the acquisition has further elevated our trusted partner status as customers are realizing significant value in partnering with our team to advance a scientific idea to an approved medicine. In 2022, we also returned $3.5 billion of capital to our shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends. And on the first business day of 2023, we completed the acquisition of the Binding Site, a leading specialty diagnostics company. The Binding Site is an exciting addition and highly complementary to our Specialty Diagnostic business. Together, we'll be able to advance the diagnosis and management of patients afflicted with multiple myeloma and immune disorders. Reflecting on our progress of our ESG priorities in 2022, we further advanced our environmental and philanthropic efforts while also continuing to strengthen our company culture. During the year, we continued to advance our environmental sustainability roadmap, reducing our carbon emissions and finalizing significant power purchasing agreements to accelerate our transitions towards a 100% renewable energy. Looking forward, we've also increased our 2030 greenhouse gas emissions reduction target to achieve a 50% reduction in this decade. Through our Foundation for Science, we continue to advance our philanthropic efforts and supported students across the globe during the year with our STEM education programs. This included an announcement in the quarter for the Thermo Fisher Scientific Junior Innovators Challenge, the premier middle school STEM competition in the U.S. And throughout the year, Thermo Fisher Scientific was recognized for its industry leadership and inclusive culture. This includes earning 100% score on the Human Rights Campaign 2022 Corporate Equality Index for LGBTQ equality for the seventh consecutive year as well as inclusion on Fortune's list of the world's most admired companies. In the quarter, we were recognized by Forbes Magazine as one of the world's Top Female-Friendly Companies and one of America's best employers for veterans. As I reflect on the year, I'm very proud of what our team accomplished. 2022 is a special year for Thermo Fisher, and I'm excited about 2023 and beyond. Stephen will outline the assumptions that factor into our revenue and earnings guidance, but let me quickly cover the highlights. We're initiating 2023 revenue guidance of $45.3 billion and adjusted EPS guidance of $23.70 per share. This very strong financial outlook reflects a continuation of our track record of delivering excellent financial performance and sustainable value creation for all of our stakeholders.  So to summarize our key takeaways for 2022, our proven growth strategy continues to drive significant share gain. Our differentiated customer value proposition is further elevating our trusted partner status. And this, in combination with the power of our PPI Business System, drove outstanding financial performance for the quarter and full year, exceeding our ambitious goals while navigating a very dynamic macro environment. And we entered 2023 with strong momentum and we're incredibly well positioned beyond 2023. With that, I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in our press release, in Q4, we delivered an outstanding quarter, capping off another excellent year. For the quarter and the full year, we delivered 14% core organic revenue growth. This differentiated level of performance demonstrates the power of our growth strategy and the trusted partner status that we've earned with our customers. In addition, in Q4, we generated $370 million of COVID-19 testing revenue, $3.1 billion for the full year. Taking a step back and thinking about the top line performance for the year, I'm really proud of what the team delivered. We offset $4.2 billion less testing revenue, which was a headwind of over 10%, and still delivered slightly positive organic growth for the year. That's a great accomplishment. Then using the power of the PPI Business System, we were able to translate the top line strength to excellent adjusted EPS and cash flow results. In Q4, we delivered $0.23 more adjusted EPS than our prior guide, ending the year at $23.24 and delivered $6.94 billion of free cash flow, all while continuing to invest in the business to enable an even brighter future. So 2022 was another excellent year. Let me now provide you with some details on our performance. Beginning with the earnings results. As I mentioned, we delivered $5.40 of adjusted EPS in Q4 and $23.24 for the full year. GAAP EPS in the quarter was $4.01 and $17.63 for the full year. On the top line as I mentioned in Q4, we delivered 14% core organic revenue growth and $370 million of testing revenue. Reported revenue grew 7% year-over-year. The components of our Q4 reported revenue increased included 3% lower organic revenue, a 14% contribution from acquisitions and a headwind of 4% from foreign exchange. The full year core organic revenue growth was 14% and we delivered $3.1 billion in testing revenue. For the full year 2022, reported revenue increased 15%. This includes slightly positive organic growth and 18% contribution from acquisitions and a 3% headwind from foreign exchange. Turning to our organic revenue performance by geography. The organic growth rates by region are skewed by the COVID-19 testing revenue in 2022 and the prior year. In Q4, North America grew in the low single digits. Europe declined in the low teens. Asia-Pacific in the mid-single digits with China declining in the mid-single digits and rest of the world declined high single digits. For the full year, North America grew in the low single digits. Europe declined high single digits. Asia Pacific grew high single digits, including China, which also grew high single digits for the year, and the rest of the world declined high single digits. On a core organic growth basis, all regions had strong growth in 2022. With respect to our operational performance, adjusted operating income in the quarter decreased 19% and adjusted operating margin was 22.4%, 710 basis points lower than Q4 last year. For the full year, adjusted operating income decreased 9% and adjusted operating margin was 24.5%, which is 650 basis points lower than 2021. For both the fourth quarter and full year, we achieved strong price realization to effectively address inflation, while also delivering strong productivity. This is more than offset by lower testing volumes, continued strategic investments and the expected impact of incorporating PPD into our financials. For 2022, full year adjusted operating margin was 40 basis points lower than assumed in the prior guidance. Two-thirds of this was due to business and currency mix and a third due to one-time costs related to the runoff of testing revenue. Total company adjusted gross margin in the quarter came in at 41.4%, 910 basis points lower than Q4 last year. For the full year, adjusted gross margin was 43.5%, down 810 basis points versus the prior year. For both the fourth quarter and the full year, the changing gross margin was due to the same drivers as those of our adjusted operating margin. Moving on the details of the P&L. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 15.6% of revenue, an improvement of 170 basis points versus Q4 2021. For the full year, adjusted SG&A was 15.8% of revenue, an improvement of 130 basis points compared to 2021. Total R&D expense was $390 million in Q4. For the full year R&D expense was $1.5 billion, representing 5% growth over the prior year, reflecting our ongoing investments in high impact innovation. R&D as percent of our manufacturing revenue was 7% in Q4, 6.4% for the full year. Looking at results below the line for the quarter and net interest expense was $119 million, which is $31 million favorable to Q4 last year. Net interest expense for the full year was $454 million, a decrease of $39 million from 2021. Adjusted other income/expense was a net expense in the quarter of $10 million compared to net income of $7 million in Q4 2021. The year-over-year variance is primarily due to changes in non-operating FX. For the full year, adjusted other income and expense of the net income of $14 million, which is $24 million lower than the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 12.8%, which is a 100 basis points lower than Q4 last year, reflecting the results of our tax planning activities. For the full year, the adjusted tax rate was 13% or 160 basis points lower than 2021. We repurchase $1 billion of shares in Q4, bringing our total repurchases for 2022 to $3 billion. Average diluted shares were $393 million in Q4, approximately 4 million lower year-over-year driven by share repurchases net of option dilution. Turning to cash flow on the balance sheet. Full year cash flow from continuing operations was $9.15 billion. Free cash flow for the year was $6.94 billion after investing $2.2 billion of net capital expenditures. We returned $118 million to shareholders through dividends in the quarter and $455 million for the full year. We ended the quarter with $8.5 billion in cash and $34.5 billion of total debt. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 2.9 times gross debt to adjusted EBITDA and 2.2 times on a net debt basis. Concluding my comments on our total company performance, adjusted ROIC was 13.5%, reflecting the strong returns on investment that were generating across the company. Now I will provide some color on the performance of our four business segments. Let me start with a couple of framing comments. The scale and margin profile of our COVID-19 testing revenue varies by segment. And the testing revenue was significantly higher in the prior year. That does skew some of the reported segment margins. Were executing strong pricing realization across all segments to address higher inflation. And were referring to the acquired PPD business as our Clinical Research business, and that resides in the Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment. The anniversary date of the acquisition was December 8. Moving on to the segment details, starting with Life Sciences Solutions, Q4 reported revenue in this segment declined 27%, and organic revenue was 24% lower than the prior year quarter. In Q4, we delivered very strong growth in our bioproduction business. This was more than offset by the moderation and testing revenue in the segment versus the prior year quarter. For the full year, reported revenue in the segment declined 13% and organic revenue declined 12%. Q4 adjusted operating income in Life Sciences Solutions decreased 48% and adjusted operating margin was 34.1%, down 14 percentage points versus the prior year quarter. In Q4 we had unfavorable volume mix due to the significantly higher testing revenue in the prior year quarter. And for the full year, adjusted operating income decreased 29% and adjusted operating margin was 41.2%, a decrease of 880 basis points versus 2021. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue increased 9% in Q4 and organic growth was 14%. A strong growth in the segment this quarter was led by electron microscopy and the chromatography and mass spectrometry businesses. For the full year, reported revenue in the segment increased 9% and organic revenue increased 14%. Q4 adjusted operating income in the segment increased 25% and adjusted operating margin was 25.4%, up 330 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we delivered strong volume pull through and productivity. This was partially offset by strategic investments. For the full year, adjusted operating income increased 26% and adjusted operating margin was 22.8%, up 310 basis points versus 2021. Turning to our Specialty Diagnostics segment. In Q4, reported revenue declined 23% and organic revenue was 20% lower than the prior year quarter. In Q4, we continue to see strong underlying growth in the core led by a healthcare market channel and our transplant diagnostics and microbiology businesses. This was offset by lower COVID-19 testing revenue versus the year ago quarter. For the full year, reported revenue in the segment decreased 16% and organic revenue was 13% lower than 2021. Q4 adjusted operating income decreased 30% in the quarter and adjusted operating margin was 18.6%, down 190 basis points versus Q4 2021. During the quarter, we delivered strong productivity, which is more than offset by the impact of lower testing volume. For the full year, adjusted operating income decreased 20% and adjusted operating margin was 21.5%, down 110 basis points versus 2021. Finally, in the Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment, Q4 reported revenue increased 42%. Organic growth was 11% and the impact of acquisitions was 35%. During Q4, organic revenue growth in this segment was led by the Pharma Services business. PPD at Clinical Research business continued to perform very well, and during the quarter it delivered over 20% core organic revenue growth and contributed $1.9 billion of revenue to the segment. For the full year, reported revenue in the segment increased 51% and organic revenue increased 10%. Q4 adjusted operating income in the segment increased 73% and adjusted operating margin was 14.1%, which is 260 basis points higher than Q4 2021. In the quarter, we drove favorable business mix and delivered strong productivity and volume pull through that was partially offset by strategic investments. For the full year, adjusted operating income increased 56% and adjusted operating margin was 12.8%, up 40 basis points versus 2021. Let me turn to our 2023 guidance. As Marc outlined, were starting the year with a very strong financial outlook consisting of revenue guidance of $45.3 billion and adjusted EPS guidance of $23.70. Let me provide some details to the underlying assumptions starting with revenue. Our initial guidance for 2023 assumes 7% core organic revenue growth, $400 million in testing revenue, $250 million of revenue from acquisitions and a tailwind of $100 million from FX. This all assumes a return to more normal market growth conditions in 2023 in the range of 4% to 6%. Within our core revenue, we expect $500 million of vaccines and therapies revenue in 2023. This is $1.2 billion less than 2022, a 3% impact on core organic growth. Even with this headwind, were expecting to deliver 7% core organic revenue growth in 2023, demonstrating the strength of our initial outlook, the agility with which were managing the business and the ongoing benefits of our growth strategy. Turning to profitability, in 2023, were assuming an adjusted operating margin of 23.9%. This is 60 basis points lower than 2022, driven by two elements, a 40 basis points of core margin expansion and a 100 basis point headwind from the runoff of testing revenue. The year-over-year margin change is consistent with the comments I have made on the last earnings call were not [ph] described have to model a margin impact to the different elements of the year-over-year change in revenue. In 2023 with a pandemic related testing revenue behind us, I thought this would be a good opportunity to take a step back and take a multi-year view on our meaningful margin expansion progression. Starting in 2019, pre pandemic, excluding the impact of PPD, were on track to expand operating margins, 60 basis points a year on average through 2023 and 250 basis point improvement over the full year period. Its a great progress on margin expansion. Turning to adjusted EPS. We expect to deliver $23.70 in 2023. This is a 2% year-over-year increase consisting of a 10% headwind from testing more than offset by a 12% increase driven by the core business. Were actively managing the whole P&L to effectively deal with material runoff in testing and vaccines and therapies revenue, and still grow our adjusted earnings per share for the year. This shows the strength of our growth strategy and the power of our PPI business system. Moving on to some more detailed assumptions behind the guide. With regards to FX in 2023, were assuming its a year-over-year tailwind of approximately a $100 million of revenue or 0.2% and $0.04 to adjusted EPS also 0.2%. Were assuming that The Binding Site acquisition will contribute approximately $250 million to our reported revenue growth and $0.07 to adjusted EPS in 2023. Below the line, we expect net interest expense in 2023 to be approximately $480 million. This approximately $25 million higher than 2022 and includes the funding for the Binding Site acquisition. We assume that the adjusted income tax rate will be 11% in 2023. The improvement from 2022 is driven by a tax planning initiative. Were expecting net capital expenditures will be approximately $2 billion in 2023 and free cash flow is assumed to be $6.9 billion for the year. In terms of capital deployment, our guidance assumes $3 billion for share buybacks, which were already completed in January. We estimate the full year average diluted share count were approximately 388 million shares. Were assuming that were return approximately $540 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends. And as is our normal convention, our guidance does not assume any future acquisitions or divestitures. And finally, I wanted to touch on quarterly phasing for the year. Revenue adjusted operating margin and adjusted EPS are all expected to ramp up as we go through the year. This is due to several factors. Core organic revenue growth is expected increase as we go through the year, largely due to the comps related to vaccines and therapies as well as the expected phasing of economic activity in China. The impact of the runoff in testing revenue is most pronounced in Q1 and the benefits of the offsetting cost actions are spread over the year. From a foreign exchange standpoint while a slight tailwind for the year as a whole in Q1, FX is expected to be a year-over-year headwind of approximately $200 million of revenue and $80 million of adjusted operating income. Below the line, net interest expense is expected to decrease during the year as we generate free cash flow and interest on that cash build. Putting all this together for Q1, we expect core organic revenue growth to be in the mid-single digits. Adjusted operating margin to be slightly lower than Q4 2022 and adjusted EPS to be just over 20% of the full year total. So to wrap up, we had an excellent 2022 and were really well positioned to continue to deliver differentiated performance for all our stakeholders in 2023. I look forward to updating you on our progress as we go through the year. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Raf.
Rafael Tejada: Thank you, Stephen. Operator, we're ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question we have from the phone lines comes from Jack Meehan of Nephron Research. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to start with the clinical research, PPD, performance. So high teens for the year, that's well above what we're seeing from the pure group, so a three-parter for you, Marc. What was your book-to-bill in 2022? Two, how are the revenue synergies tracking? And then three, can you talk about what sort of growth you're assuming for this business in 2023?
Marc Casper: Sure. So Jack thanks for the question. Our clinical research group has performed incredibly well, a great first year as part of the company, exceeding our own high level of ambition for the business. Integration has gone smoothly. Customers really see the obvious fit with the company, and it really has driven very strong momentum. And our colleagues are very excited about the combination. So as I think about the different elements of performance, the book-to-bill was very positive. Authorizations were very strong in the quarter and the year. So we entered the year with very strong momentum in terms of the backlog that we have in the business and the authorizations. The revenue synergies, the way I would think about it is in two phases because of the long-cycle nature from a win to revenue. We've won extremely substantial revenue synergies that will show up in the financials in 2023 and beyond. We had a small amount of revenue that came into the numbers last year, but we're talking in the hundreds of millions of dollars of wins that we've achieved from an authorization standpoint, so extremely positive. And in terms of our thoughts about 2023, it will grow above of the company's average of the 7% growth that we outlined in the course. So a nice contributor to the success. And really, it's been a seamless integration for the team. We're very grateful for that.
Jack Meehan: Excellent. And then I wanted to ask about the COVID vaccines and therapeutics. So you're assuming $500 million for the year. My question is simple. Just how core are your core sales? Would you ever consider changing this definition? Just confidence in the handoff as it pertains to bioprocessing in 2023?
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Jack, thanks for the question. But when I think about the $500 million, right, and when I look at that, that number is primarily related to our pharma services activity. It's around actually producing the active pharmaceutical ingredients for the therapies. It's for the sterile fill finish primarily for the vaccines and some of the therapies. So we have pretty good visibility to that number. So I feel good about that. We decided back, I guess, 1.5 years ago or whatever the exact timeframe we did, the definition of core was we invested in capacity. And if you think about a sterile fill finish line, as an example, can be used for a COVID vaccine. It can also be used for pretty much any other biologic and even some of the small molecules, right? And therefore, our view was we would transition that capacity over time and we have been and we will. The other aspect of core is that if you think about how strong our growth was last year, well above our own ambitions. Even the 12% we had laid out at the end of the third quarter, we've already transitioned a meaningful amount of that revenue in terms of other activities. So we didn't contemplate at all about changing the definition of what success is. We think 7% is the right number for us. The core is the right definition for us. We'll provide transparency during the year about the different components as we always do, so that investors can understand how we're getting there. But I feel great about the outlook, and I'm very proud of what the team delivered last year. Thanks, Jack.
Jack Meehan: Excellent, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have the next question from Patrick Donnelly of Citi. Your line is now open.
Patrick Donnelly: Hi, good morning, guys. Thank you for taking the questions. Marc, maybe one on the Analytical Instruments business, 14% growth for the year is obviously pretty impressive. You guys have seen elevated growth for a good stretch here. It did step down a little bit against an easier comp. So I just wanted to get more color, I guess, on what you're seeing on the demand side, how you're seeing order trends and bookings there, visibility into 2023. I know you've had this elevated backlog we've talked a lot about. It seems like some peers are expecting kind of a normalization or moderation in the second half as we work our way through the year. So I want to get your perspective of what you're seeing there.
Marc Casper: Yes. Patrick, thanks for the question. So when I think about the Analytical Instruments business, a really strong year, excellent execution. There's nothing different in Q4 than in Q3. So I wouldn't read anything into that. When I look at what's driving it, last year, you saw good market conditions. Funding was clearly strong. I don't know if there was a little bit of pent-up demand from 2020, I don't know. But the funding was clearly available. We did very well with our innovation, right? We stayed committed to innovation throughout the early phase of the pandemic, making sure we have robust pipelines. You saw that in the stream of launches in our chromatography, mass spectrometry and electron microscopy businesses, those products have been well adopted. We're clearly growing very well. And as you know, we've also built out a very strong presence in enabling the next generation of semiconductors, battery applications. The most advanced aspects of material science is a different market position than really anybody else has in the industry and that's driving great growth, right? And you can see it in our electron microscopy numbers. I'm very proud of how the team has executed. So, that's kind of the context of why the elevated growth. So as I think about bookings demand, very strong throughout the year. So we have good visibility to the first half. It's when those  most of those orders will ship. We would expect that the Analytical Instruments business will be a really nice contributor to our growth for the year. And I think it's reasonable to assume that the growth normalizes more in the second half as an assumption. It's not that I see something different or something happening in the market conditions, but our visibility is typically six months. So at the end of the first quarter, we'll have good visibility into the third quarter, and we'll keep you posted. But I think for modeling purpose, I think, normalization in the second half is a good assumption.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe one for Stephen on the margins. Gross margins seem to have rebased. I would love just your perspective of what those look like in 2023, first off. And then maybe just the additional areas of leverage kind of down the P&L coming out of COVID, you mentioned maybe some elevated strategic investments in 2022.  Obviously, we saw some things like one-time bonuses that are pretty clear. But it would be helpful if you could just talk through the moving pieces, what areas of additional leverage you do have coming out of 2022. Because again, the mix, obviously as LPS becomes bigger, the margins should going to be lower, but you guys are putting up a pretty good number. So just trying to figure out, again, a little bit of the moving pieces and areas of leverage you have when you think about that 23.9% for 2023.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So Patrick, thanks for the question. So when I think about the margin profile going forward, that 7% to 9% core organic growth driving 40 to 50 basis points is the right way to think about that company. And the margin opportunity there, you got a little bit of  that just seems a little bit of price benefit, good volume leverage that comes with that and still investing in the business to maintain that top line growth. And then a continuation of using PPIs, that kind of decomplex the company, but I think that  that margin profile still holds in terms of going from the 23.9% going forward, post 2023, I think about the levers that we have. As you saw in this past year, we had a slightly different mix like higher growth in certain parts of our business. And certainly, margins were slightly different in Q4 than we had in the prior guide. But the revenue is significantly higher. And what really matters is operating income dollars that we're driving, and that's incredibly strong and I think that margin profile and then the mix then holds into 2023. And then therefore that kind of 7% to 9% driving that 40 to 50 is a good way to model the company.
Patrick Donnelly: And then just gross margins for 2023, if you have it?
Stephen Williamson: I don't really want to give guidance to every single element of the P&L. It's  we're trying to manage a complex company, but a similar margin profile to where we are right now is probably a good starting point. But it really depends on the mix and also changes in currency, and our job is to manage the whole thing and deliver great results.
Patrick Donnelly: Thanks, very helpful. Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rachel Vatnsdal of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead when you are ready.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Okay, thanks, operator. So first up, just on China. China declined mid-single digits during 4Q, and you say that some of that was testing roll-off. You also talked about how China is part of the reason that that core  core growth is going to ramp throughout the year. So can you just walk us through what are you embedding for China growth for 1Q and then for total 2023? And then can you also just spend a minute talking about the underlying demand trends for China and how you plan into the reopening trade?
Marc Casper: Rachel, thanks for the question. So if I step at the highest level with China, right, historically, been our fastest growing end market. We have a very strong position. Our enabling technologies are important to life sciences and food safety and the biologics industry in China, et cetera. So good demand drivers long-term, long historical perspective. When I think about last year, team delivered high single-digit growth for the year. When I think about the fourth quarter, you had very, very significant disruptions from the end of the COVID, zero COVID policies, right? So you went from this period where I think at least we had no problem in navigating through the challenges of the lockdown policies. But when you have 50%, 60%, 70% of colleagues with COVID, that's obviously highly disruptive. And so you saw the first half of the quarter was strong. The second half of the quarter was weak. Our assumption for this year is that the zero COVID, opening up the economy leads to a weaker first quarter, a strong rebound in the balance of the year. China will grow on our expectations in our guidance a little bit faster for the full year than our core growth. So that's how I would think about it. So a really strong end market, including the disruption from Q1. I think the team has done actually  I'm very impressed with how they've dealt with all of the complexities and keeping our colleagues safe. It's been a challenging period of time.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great. And then maybe just kind of digging deeper on Patrick's question around margins. So you did 22.4% adjusted op ms for 4Q. You guided to a step down on that operating margin line during 1Q, but then hitting that 23.9%-ish for the year for 2023. So can you just kind of bridge us through the math there on margins and how that gives you confidence in the back half of the year to be able to round out at just shy of 24%?
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So, Rachel, thanks for the question. So when I think about the margin progression through the year, Q1, we got a very significant roll-off in highly profitable testing revenue. And the cost actions against that to enable a 40% pull-through for the year, it's a combination of cost actions and then a non-repeat of the cost  of certain one-time things that we were doing on compensation in the prior year. Those things spread over the whole year. So you get a little bit of benefit in Q1 to offset part of that profitability, but more of that offset really coming in the following three quarters. So that's really the largest piece to it. Now FX is a headwind to margins in Q1, so that's a slight aspect to it. And then the phasing of the China activity is another aspect of that kind of lower level of activity in Q1 and then ramping up to a higher level of revenue in Q4.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Helpful. And then maybe just squeezing one more in here on industrial and applied, you grew low teens in 4Q. So can you just give us a little bit more granularity on that performance during the quarter, if there is any pockets of outpaced strength or softness relative to your expectations? And then how are you thinking about that industrial and applied market for 2023, given the macro backdrop, and is there any conservatism there in the assumed guidance? Thanks.
Marc Casper: Yes, so industrial and applied was very strong in the quarter. Low teens growth in the quarter. Really strong demand and shipments for our chromatography, mass spectrometry and electron microscopy business. So we didnt see any concerns. Our assumption for the year is that just going to grow at about the average rate growth for the full year. So thats what were assuming in the guidance.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great. Thank you.
MarcCasper: Thanks, Rachel.
Operator: Thank you. We now have Derik de Bruin of Bank of America. Please go ahead when you are ready.
Derik de Bruin: Hello, and good morning. So
Marc Casper: Good morning, Derik.
Derik de Bruin: Stephen not  is not to pick on the margin point, but I do want to sort of clarify something. I mean, I  looking at the 40 basis points to 50 basis points of expansion. So lets say you do a 100 next couple of years. I mean, at your Analyst Day in May, you talked about a 26 percent-ish adjusted operating margin, excluding the impact of capital deployment. Or I mean, can you sort of just walk us through sort of like how youre thinking about the 2025 outlook that you provided and sort of like general thoughts around that and then there? Thanks.
Marc Casper: Go ahead, Stephen.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, when I think about margin profile, its in combination with revenue dollars. So our revenue dollars are materially higher than we then incorporated into my long-term model. And a combination of that plus the margin gets you to a very strong operating income dollars, and thats whats driving EPS. So Im  were well positioned with the long-term model.
Derik de Bruin: Great. Thats what I thought I just wanted to clarify that as well. And then just one quick follow-up. I assume theres some residual COVID business in your PPD. You talked about core growth being 20%. What is the headwind in the PPD business from leftover COVID going from 2023 to  2022 to 2023?
Marc Casper: Yes, theres some activity of studies that will roll off over multiple years in terms of required follow on studies and activity there that the team as those studies come off, they just have moved to other areas of the therapeutic range. So that really has been done quite seamlessly. And as you know, with the business scaling the way it is having a large capable team is a great way to be able to be ready to serve the next set of customer work. So pretty straightforward.
Derik de Bruin: And so if I can  also can I squeeze one more in CapEx sort of outlook as we go from 2023, and you have been adding a lot of facilities, can you sort of talk about what youre thinking about 2023, 2024?
Marc Casper: So 2023, Stephen said its a couple billion dollars and well continue to  it will kind of go down to a glide path back to that 3.5%  3% to 3.5% from over time. So nothings changed in that assumption.
Derik de Bruin: Great. Thank you.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Derik.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Brennan of Cowen. Your line is now open Dan.
Dan Brennan: Great, thank you. Maybe Marc to kick it off, just Im all in on Aaron Rodgers if the Jets can get him. Thatd be like a struggling company getting  thatd be like a struggling company getting you as a CEO would be a great deal I think so. So thats one of my questions here. Maybe the first one, just obviously, theres a lot of concerns in the industry broadly on the near-term drag on revenue growth for biologic drug products. Given the inventory, depletion thats ongoing in the industry, youve been pretty confident that for various reasons, Thermo is really not seeing this. Just would be interesting to get an update on kind of just on your thinking there and kind of what youre assuming in your outlook for 7% growth for your businesses both on the consumable side and on the Patheon services side?
Marc Casper: Yes, so in terms of football, Hope Springs Eternal until the first snap. In terms of the bioproduction business what I would say is a few points. Obviously not every single player has reported, but a couple of them have. So we have a sense of how the industry did and what others have said. When I think about last year, our bioproduction business just crushed it again, right? It just phenomenal performance well above the rate of growth of our pharma and biotech customer set. And thats three years in a row of really very strong growth. Very proud of how the team has executed. When I think about 2023 against tougher comparisons, obviously, the growth will normalize a bit. And I would expect that based on some of the COVID comparisons of the first half of 2022, that youll see more normalization in the first half, stronger in the second half is the pattern, but its a good business with incredibly bright prospects. So from that perspective, I feel good about how the teams managing it, what the  what 2023 will contribute and what the long term is going to be fantastic. Pharma Services businesses has had a very good year, very strong growth, has brought its capacity online very effectively and winning a lot of new business. We still have activity this year thats meaningful in the vaccine therapies for COVID. And then as those wind down at some point in time, its hard to know what the longer-term visibility is for that capacity just gets repurposed on the thing. So we do that in an orderly fashion. So thats how I think about it. But a really strong year and some really nice meaningful wins throughout 2022 that sets up the Pharma Services business [indiscernible].
Dan Brennan: Got it. And then  and maybe this is a follow-up. Obviously, your business mix is a lot less cyclical today than it was back in the prior downturn. Im just wondering implicit in the seven, and Rachel asked the question on industrial business. But just to what extent does your guide bacon some cushion for potential slowdown that could unfold given weaker macro?
Marc Casper: Yes, so what we assumed is normal market conditions, right? And if the way I would characterize last year was above normal market conditions. So normal in my definition is marked goes 4% to 6%, right? And we said that for a very, very long time. So thats what were assuming for this year. If its materially different than that, meaning that if the market conditions look anything like they look last year, were going to grow well above the core guidance. If the market conditions are meaningfully worse, then whats assumed the normal market conditions, then were going to grow lower than the core organic that we outlined. So nothings dramatic about that. And well be super transparent and all our investors will understand if the world is totally different than what it looks like on February 1. What we know is that were going to manage incredibly well. So whatever the world throws at us will come out with great short-term performance and a much stronger industry leader for the long term. And thats whats super cool about Thermo Fisher because its our job to manage the dynamics and do it great and do a great job for our investors. So Im excited for what the world upholds in 2023 and beyond.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Dan. We now have Vijay Kumar of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead when youre ready.
Vijay Kumar: Hey guys. Congrats on a really strong finish with the year and thanks for taking my question. I had two parts. Maybe Ill ask them both upfront. Marc, the first part for you on when I look at this guidance and base organic excluding vaccine, I think the business did  the business is assuming perhaps low double-digit organic here in fiscal 2023 in that coming off of perhaps a mid-teens comp. One is that math correct that base business excluding vaccine double digit? And what is it assuming? Im assuming  Im thinking biopharma has to grow at least mid-teens to get to the 9% to 10%. And it seems pretty strong. Do those numbers make sense? And Stephen, the second part for you on margins here, what are you assuming for decremental margins on COVID and margins in FX? And did I hear you correctly on Q1 is starting at 22%, just wanted to make sure I heard the numbers right.
Marc Casper: Sure. So in terms of the guidance and the 7% core, we did not do a lot of machinations about excluding this or that. I think from the math, the way youre doing it is that if you excluded the vaccines and therapies, it would imply that the growth was 9% or 10%, somewhere in that range is about what the growth would be on that measure of which were not using that particular measure. Therefore, you cant sort of speculate on sort what all the dynamics, its much better to just say relative to our 7% grow pharma and biotech, we expect to grow above that, right, in terms of its contribution to the 7%. And we would assume that the industrial and applied would go around the 7% core and the other two markets are a little bit below. So thats how you should think about the different dynamics.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, Vijay in terms of the pull through on the lower testing revenue, as I outlined in the last quarter, the assumptions are approximately 40% in aggregate for the whole year. But that doesnt all  thats not the same in every single quarter. Like the offsetting cost actions against a very significant profitability pull through, which is higher than that on a contribution margin basis thats spread across each of the quarters. But the revenue drop is largely just in Q1. So thats why you have the margin profile that I outlined for Q1. And the indication I gave for Q1 margin profile at this point is slightly below what has the margin in Q4. So the largest driver there is that a large drop in very profitable testing, and then the offset on the costs to get it to the 40% pull through spread throughout the year. Thanks, Vijay.
Marc Casper: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Dan Arias of Stifel. Please go ahead when youre ready.
Dan Arias: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for getting me in here. Marc, maybe just one on bioprocess, bioproduction. I just wanted to ask whether youre seeing any differences in purchasing patterns and the way that inventories just appear as though theyre being managed when you look at CDMOs versus the biopharmas themselves. There has been some conversation around just timelines that look like they might materialize on destocking. So curious if you can just sort of help us what might be taking place given where you sit here?
Marc Casper: Yes, thats sort of along the line [indiscernible] question, really not much to add, right, which is phenomenal 2022. We created a really challenging and exciting comparison. We get paid to create those comparisons and I would expect that would show up in a more normalized growth in the first half and a little bit stronger than that in the second half. And I think theres much color between the different customer types or that would provide much more insight on it.
Dan Arias: Okay. Thanks so much.
Marc Casper: Welcome. So let me wrap it up here. Thanks everyone for participating in the call. With another strong year behind us, were in a great position to achieve another excellent year in 2023. And as always, thank you for support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. And we look forward to updating you during the course of the year as it progresses. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you all for joining. That does conclude todays call. Please have a lovely day and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2022 Third Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Rafael Tejada, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Tejada, you may begin the call.
Rafael Tejada: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading News and Events until November 11, 2022. A copy of the press release of our third quarter 2022 earnings is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the companys future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which are on file with the SEC and available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials SEC filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also, during this call, we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our third quarter 2022 earnings and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials. So with that, I will now turn over the call to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Raf. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us today for our third quarter call. As you saw in our press release, we had another excellent quarter. We delivered outstanding financial performance. Our core business is performing incredibly well and demonstrating broad-based strength and this is allowing us to raise our guidance once again for the full year. As I reflect on our performance during the quarter and on a year-to-date basis, I am very proud of our teams great execution, effectively navigating dynamic times and continuing to drive market share gains. Our ongoing success is driven by our proven growth strategy and our PPI Business System and I will talk about that more later. So let me recap the Q3 financials. Our revenue in the quarter was $10.68 billion. Our adjusted operating income was $2.37 billion and we delivered another quarter of strong adjusted EPS performance, achieving $5.08 per share. Turning to our end markets, as we saw in the second quarter, we had a continuation of strong performance in Q3. This was driven by good market conditions and outstanding execution from our global team, resulting in meaningful share gain. Let me now give you some additional color. Starting with pharma and biotech, we delivered outstanding performance with growth in the mid-teens. We saw excellent growth across the businesses serving these customers, highlighted by our bioproduction and pharma services businesses. Our differentiated customer value proposition is resonating with our customers and helping to further elevate our trusted partner status. In academic and government, we grew in the mid single-digits in the quarter. We saw strong growth in our biosciences and electron microscopy businesses. Turning to industrial and applied, we grew in the high-teens for the quarter. We have broad-based strength across all of our analytical instrument businesses serving these customers. And finally, in diagnostics and healthcare, as expected, our revenue was approximately 30% lower than the prior year quarter. In this end market, we delivered good core business growth led by our microbiology and transplant diagnostics businesses. So now let me turn to our growth strategy, which has enabled another quarter of excellent performance. The investments we have made over the past few years are fueling growth and generating strong returns. As a reminder, our strategy consists of three pillars: developing high-impact innovative new products, leveraging our scale in the high-growth and emerging markets, and delivering a unique value proposition to our customers. Let me start with innovation. Our focus on high-impact innovation enables our customers to address some of the worlds greatest challenges. We further strengthened our position in Q3 and Id like to give you just a few highlights. During the quarter, we advanced our industry-leading Thermo Scientific Orbitrap portfolio, launching the Orbitrap Ascend Tribrid mass spectrometer during the International Mass Spectrometry Conference. This instrument provides faster, more sensitive sample analysis for proteomics and metabolomics research and insights into clinically relevant biomarkers implicated in cancer. In electron microscopy, we introduced the Thermo Scientific Arctis Cryo-Plasma Focused Ion Beam, an automated microscope that streamlines cryoelectron tomography. This instrument will help provide more insights into how proteins and other molecules operate within cells, enabling breakthroughs in treatments for infectious diseases and neurogenerative disorders. We also continue to advance our clinical next-gen sequencing portfolio to help our customers better understand, diagnose and treat cancer. We recently launched the Oncomine Dx Express Test and Oncomine Reporter Dx software, a precision medicine offering which detects genomic abnormalities in tumor samples and helps match cancer patients with approved therapies and clinical trials. These products recently received CE-IVD certification and are designed to run on our Ion Torrent Genexus next-generation sequencing system, allowing doctors to use NGS technology to improve care by bringing the power of precision medicine closer to patients. Another key pillar of our growth strategy is our customer value proposition. Its all about leveraging the incredible capabilities we have across our company and delivering them in a way that enables our customers to achieve their own goals for innovation and productivity and that makes it rational for them to do more business with us. The accelerated investments we have made over the past couple of years are driving growth. This is particularly true for our pharma and biotech customers, where we continue to build on our trusted partner status as we bring our new capacity and capabilities online to meet the strong demand for our products and services. Let me share a couple of examples. During the quarter, we opened a purification technologies facility in Chelmsford, Massachusetts. This site will manufacture resin beads used in the production of biologics. As you know, we have a rapidly growing purification business, which is highly valued by our customers. This new facility will ensure we can meet their increasing demand. We also continue to strengthen our global pharma services network, adding viral vector manufacturing capabilities in Plainville, Massachusetts. I joined the opening of this facility and it was a terrific event. We had significant attendance from our customers and we were able to showcase the various ways in which our team can support their cell and gene therapy programs. The facility also utilizes and showcases our industry-leading single-use bioprocessing technologies and analytical instruments, which demonstrates to our pharma and biotech customers the uniqueness of our capabilities and how they can best utilize in bringing new medicines to market. So, these are just a couple of examples that demonstrate how we are continuing to build our trusted partner status and further strengthen our unique customer value proposition. Our pharma biotech customers are capitalizing on this, which also includes PPD, our clinical research business. I will cover that later in my remarks. Before turning to an update on capital deployment, I thought Id briefly reflect on the impact of our growth strategy in 2022. As you know, the actions we have taken over the last 2 years have allowed us to meaningfully accelerate our organic growth and position us to continue our long-term industry leading performance. The product launches this year have been truly outstanding and the pipeline, it looks fantastic. The new capabilities that we have invested in have meaningfully strengthened our unique customer value proposition and our customers are continuing to expand their relationship with us. All of this is enabling us to deliver industry leading core growth. Let me give you a brief update on capital deployment. We continue to successfully execute our disciplined capital deployment strategy, which is a combination of strategic M&A and returning capital to our shareholders. The acquisition of PPD is a great example of how our capital deployment strategy is creating customer and shareholder value. The business is performing incredibly well, delivering high-teens core revenue growth in the quarter. The combination of a great business and a smooth integration is driving excellent financial performance. In addition, our customers are excited by the capabilities we have to support their clinical trial needs and that is translating into meaningful revenue synergies for an even brighter future. All of this is enabling us to drive short and long-term returns on the acquisition that are well ahead of the deal model. Let me spend a moment on our PPI Business System, which helps us continually improve the customer experience, quality, productivity in our company overall. The goal of PPI is to find a better way everyday. This is an essential element of our company culture. In dynamic times, we really see the strength of our PPI Business System. As you know, it was applied with incredible impact to allow us to lead the response to the pandemic. And today, its applied to solve supply chain challenges, increase efficiency and helps our teams find better ways to offset inflation. It also enhances our ability to unlock the value creation in our acquisitions. Our experienced management team, along with the benefit of our scale and our PPI Business System, uniquely position the company to successfully navigate through whatever macroeconomic conditions come our way. So overall, it was another fantastic quarter, thanks to great execution by our teams, the strength of our proven growth strategy and the power of our PPI Business System. Turning to our progress on our environmental, social and governance priorities. During the quarter, we continued to make great progress on our goal to reduce our carbon footprint, announcing an agreement with Enel North America to purchase wind power renewable electricity equal to half of our U.S. electricity needs. This agreement will significantly advance our ambitious emissions reduction strategy. I am also very pleased that we have achieved our 2020 commitment to hire 500 graduates from the historically black colleges and universities, supporting our commitment to diversity and inclusion and increasing our positive social impact, so another strong quarter in progressing our ESG priorities. Now, Id like to review our updated 2022 guidance at a high level and then Steve will take you through the details. We are raising our full year guidance. We are increasing our revenue guidance by $650 million to $43.8 billion, which would result in 12% reported revenue growth over 2021. And we are raising our 2022 adjusted EPS guidance by $0.08 to $23.01 per share. The higher outlook primarily reflects the strength of our core business and a modest impact of additional COVID-19 testing. These are more than offsetting the increased foreign exchange headwinds and demonstrate how well we are operating with speed at scale to enable our customer success. In addition, our guidance reflects the decision to help our colleagues with the temporary impact of inflation. We will be making a one-time payment of approximately one weeks additional salary to non-executive colleagues. So to summarize our key takeaways in the third quarter, our outstanding results in Q3 and year-to-date reflect our teams excellent execution, the benefits of our proven growth strategy and the positive impact of our PPI Business System. Our business is performing very well and markets continue to be strong. We are gaining market share. We are seeing the benefits of our accelerated investments in innovative new products and enhanced capabilities and capacity. In addition, our clinical research business has delivered excellent results and customers are valuing the benefit of our expanded offering. And our experienced management team, the benefits of our scale and our PPI Business System uniquely position us to continue to navigate the dynamic times we are living in. All of this has enabled us to raise our outlook for 2022 again and further solidify our incredibly bright future. With that, I will now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc and good morning everyone. We delivered another excellent quarter in Q3. This includes 14% core organic revenue growth from $5.08 of adjusted earnings per share. Revenue in Q3 was approximately $800 million higher than we had incorporated in our previous 2022 guidance with just over $600 million driven by another quarter of extremely strong core organic growth, just over $200 million from additional COVID-19 testing revenue, partially offset by a small additional headwind from FX. So continue strengthening the core once again broad-based across businesses and end markets. In terms of adjusted EPS, our PPI Business System enabled us to generate very strong pull-through on the revenue beat. And after accruing $0.18 of additional compensation in the quarter to help our colleagues with the temporary impacts of inflation, we delivered $0.36 of adjusted EPS higher than included in our previous guidance. So Q3 was another quarter of excellent financial performance. Let me now provide you with some more details. Beginning with our earnings results and as I mentioned, we delivered $5.08 of adjusted EPS in Q3. GAAP EPS in the quarter was $3.79. On the top line in Q3, we delivered 14% core organic revenue growth and $440 million of testing revenue. Reported revenue grew 14% year-over-year. The components of our Q3 reported revenue increase included 1% lower organic revenue, a 20% contribution from acquisitions and a headwind of 5% from foreign exchange. Turning to our organic revenue performance by geography, the organic growth rates by region are skewed by the COVID-19 testing revenue in the current and prior year. In Q3, North America grew in the low single-digits. Europe declined 10%. Asia-Pacific grew in the low single-digits with China growing high single-digits and rest of the world declined high single-digits. With respect to our operational performance, adjusted operating income in the quarter decreased 15% and adjusted operating margin was 22.2%, 760 basis points lower than Q3 last year. In the quarter, we achieved strong price realization to effectively address inflation while also driving strong productivity. This is more than offset by lower testing volumes, continued strategic investments and the expected impact of incorporating PPD into our financials. The companys adjusted gross margin in the quarter came in at 41.7%, 970 basis points lower than Q3 last year. For the third quarter, the change in gross margin was due to the same drivers as those for our adjusted operating margin. After factoring in the decision we took to accrue the additional colleague compensation that I mentioned earlier, both adjusted operating margin and adjusted gross margin came in as we had anticipated in our prior guidance. Moving on to the details of the P&L. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 16.2% of revenue, a decrease of 170 basis points versus Q3 2021. Total R&D expense was approximately $350 million in Q3, and R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue in Q3 was 6.7%. Looking at results below the line for the quarter, our net interest expense was $106 million. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 11.8%. This was 240 basis points lower than Q3 last year. The Q3 rate was 75 basis points lower than we assumed in the quarter in the prior guide due to the timing of discrete tax planning items between Q3 and Q4 with no net change for the year overall. Average diluted shares were 395 million in Q3, approximately 2 million lower year-over-year driven by share repurchases and option dilution. Turning to cash flow on the balance sheet. Year-to-date cash flow from continuing operations was $5.7 billion, and free cash flow was $4 billion. Our capacity and capability investments continue to progress well and the year-to-date net capital expenditures were $1.7 billion. We returned $118 million to shareholders through dividends in the quarter. This reflects the 15% dividend increase we announced in February. We ended the quarter with approximately $2.9 billion in cash and $29.2 billion of total debt. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 2.3x gross debt to adjusted EBITDA and 2.1x on a net debt basis. Concluding my comments on our total company performance, adjusted ROIC was 15.2%, reflecting the strong returns on investment that we are generating across the company. Now I will provide some color on the performance of our four business segments. Let me start with a couple of framing comments. The scale and margin profile of our COVID-19 testing revenue varies by segment. And the testing revenue was significantly higher than the prior year quarter but does skew some of the reported segment margins. As I mentioned earlier, were executing strong pricing realization across all segments to address higher inflation. And we outlined at the beginning of the year, were referring to the acquired PPD business as our clinical research business, and that resides in the laboratory products and biopharma services segment. So moving on to the segment details, starting with Life Sciences Solutions. Q3 reported revenue in this segment declined 20%, and organic revenue was 17% lower than the prior year quarter. In Q3, we delivered very strong growth in our bioproduction business. This was more than offset by the moderation in testing revenue in the segment versus the prior year quarter. Q3 adjusted operating income in Life Sciences Solutions decreased 43%. And adjusted operating margin was 35.1%, down 14 percentage points year-over-year. In the quarter, we delivered good productivity, which was more than offset by unfavorable volume mix and the strategic investments that were making across the segment. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue increased 10% in Q3, and organic growth was 16%. The strong growth in this segment this quarter was broad-based led by chromatography and mass spectrometry and electron microscopy businesses. Q3 adjusted operating income in this segment increased 47%, and adjusted operating margin was 23.8%, up 600 basis points year-over-year. During the quarter, we delivered strong volume pull-through, favorable business mix and strong productivity. This was partially offset by strategic investments. Turning to Specialty Diagnostics. In Q3, reported revenue declined 22%, and organic revenue was 19% lower than the prior year quarter. In Q3, we saw a strong underlying growth in our transplant diagnostics and microbiology businesses. This is offset by lower COVID-19 testing revenue versus the year-ago quarter. Q3 adjusted operating income decreased 29% in the quarter, and adjusted operating margin was 21%, down 210 basis points year-over-year. During the quarter, we delivered positive business mix and good productivity, which is more than offset by the impact of lower testing volumes. Finally, in the Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment. In Q3, reported revenue increased 60%. Organic growth was 12%, and the impact of acquisitions was 53%. During Q3, we had strong growth in the Pharma Services business as well as the research and safety market channel. PPD, our clinical research business, is performing very well. And during the quarter, we delivered high teens core organic growth and contributed $1.82 billion of revenue to the segment. Q3 adjusted operating income in the segment increased 89%, and adjusted operating margin was 13%, which is 200 basis points higher than Q3 2021. In the quarter, we drove favorable business mix, good productivity and also saw the benefit from acquisitions. This was partially offset by strategic investments. Let me now turn to our updated 2022 guidance. As Marc outlined, were raising our full year revenue guidance by $650 million to $43.8 billion. This includes a raise in the core organic growth outlook for the year from 11% to 12%. And on the bottom line, were raising our adjusted EPS guidance for 2022 by $0.08 to $23.01 per share. The increase in the revenue guidance is driven by three elements: an increase of just over $600 million in the outlook for the core business, an increase of just over $200 million for COVID-19 testing revenue and a $200 million decrease to reflect the recent changes in FX rates. From a core organic revenue perspective, the strength of our performance is enabling us to raise our full year core organic revenue growth outlook from 11% to 12%, and there is no change in the assumptions for core organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter. Turning to COVID-19 testing revenue. We now expect $2.8 billion of testing revenue for the year, which includes the assumption of an endemic run rate level of $100 million per quarter in Q4. Our Q4 testing assumption has not changed from our previous guidance. In terms of adjusted EPS, the $0.08 raise for the year consists of $0.54 of operational beat in Q3, partially offset by the decision to pay $180 million or $0.36 of additional one-time colleague compensation. And half of this is accrued in Q3, and the remainder will be in Q4. The full year guidance change also incorporates $0.10 lower EPS in Q4 for the additional FX headwind in the quarter and the revised phasing of our tax rate. All of this is enabling us to raise the 2022 adjusted EPS guidance by $0.08 from $22.93 to $23.01, further improving a very strong outlook for the year. From a margin standpoint, we now expect the full year 2022 adjusted operating margin to be 24.9%. To help you with your modeling, I think its worth spending a moment on the impact of the inflationary environment on the companys financial profile. During the year, weve been very effective in passing on higher price to offset higher-than-normal inflation. This results in no net impact on our adjusted operating income dollars as were effectively offsetting the added inflation, but it does affect the calculation of margins because of the revenue base being higher. The impact on margins for the full year from this dynamic is about 60 basis points, but again, no net impact on adjusted operating income or adjusted EPS. So now let me provide you with some additional details on the updated 2022 guidance. PPD, our clinical research business, is expected to deliver $6.8 billion of revenue in 2022, which represents 14% core organic revenue growth on a full year basis for this business. We now expect the business to contribute $2.03 to adjusted EPS in the year, up $0.03 from our prior guidance. In terms of FX, weve incorporated current rates into our guidance, and we now expect FX to be a year-over-year headwind of $1.46 billion on revenue or 3.7%. The FX headwind on adjusted EPS in 2022 is now expected to be $0.77 for the full year or 3.1%. Should FX rates stay the same as they are right now, we estimate the impact on FX in 2023 would be a year-over-year headwind of approximately $1 billion on revenue and $0.75 on adjusted EPS. Our guidance now assumes net interest expense of approximately $440 million in 2022. We continue to assume an adjusted income tax rate of 13.2% in 2022, which includes a 13.6% tax rate in Q4. We now expect net capital expenditures of approximately $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion. For free cash flow, we see $7 billion at the high end of the range of outcomes for the year. The actual free cash flow will depend on the year-end level of working capital. Our guidance still assumes $2.5 billion of capital deployment, which is the $2 billion of share buybacks that we completed in January and $475 million of capital returned to shareholders through dividends. Our guidance also continues to assume the full year average diluted share count will be between 394 million and 395 million shares. And to conclude, we delivered another excellent quarter in Q3. Were in a great position to achieve our 2022 goals. With that, Ill turn the call back over to Raf.
Rafael Tejada: Thank you, Stephen. Operator, were ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Jack, please go ahead.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. So the big debate of the last week has been bioprocessing ordering and stocking trends. Marc, I was curious if youve seen any normalization of ordering patterns from your customers. The quarterly growth, obviously strong, but how do you handicap the risk we could have an air pocket as COVID gets handed off to the quarter?
Marc Casper: Jack, thanks for the question. So probably best to start one level up, and then Ill get to the details of it, right? When I think about pharma and biotech more broadly, right, its our largest end market, represents about 60% of our business performing incredibly well, right? Mid-teens growth this quarter, mid-teens growth year-to-date. And that growth number actually doesnt include PPD, right, which is actually growing in the quarter, grew faster, right? So very strong, its broad-based. Customer demand continues to be strong across the portfolio. All our businesses are performing very nicely. The long-term trends look very positive. And when I think back and I think because we live in a moment, if you go back the last 5 years, it actually averaged for this whole segment mid-teens growth, right? So its not this year or this quarter. Its really been a long-term trend long before COVID, right? So very, very strong. Now so whats going on in bioproduction, right? There is obviously been a lot of commentary over the last week on the topic. And as a reminder, we have a leading presence to cell culture media, single-use technologies and actually quite a rapidly growing purification business. In aggregate, its less than 10% of our total revenue. Its an awesome business, right? They performed very well in the quarter. It grew faster than the pharma and biotech average. The dynamics are very good, and were very well positioned to deliver great growth going forward in serving our customer base.
Jack Meehan: Great. And then if youll humor me, its that time of year, everyone is thinking about 2023. So you sound very confident about your ability to outperform the market. But of course, the question is, how do you feel like the market is going to grow? So if you could just talk about how youre feeling about the healthy end markets. And any color you care to share around where you think you could land versus the 7% to 9% CAGR youve laid out through 2025?
Marc Casper: What I would say is if I think about where we are and think about the third quarter, right, it was a terrific quarter. If you look at the strength, right, that we had in terms of our core growth its really broad-based, right? And you look at it and you say, alright, pharma and biotech that grew in the mid-teens. Industrial and applied, that grew in the high teens. Academic and government grew in the mid-single digits. And the core in healthcare and diagnostics, which is the indicator of whats going on in that end market, that actually was a mid-single-digit growth as well. So its really very strong. So I like where we are at the 9 months. And in terms of exactly how we will be in 23, we will obviously talk about that in January in terms of what the outlook is. But certainly, at this point in the year, our end markets are strong, and our companys performance has been exceptional.
Jack Meehan: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Derik, please go ahead.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good morning.
Marc Casper: Good morning, Derik.
Derik De Bruin: So to follow-up on Jacks question just because Im getting yelled at by investors. Can you talk a little bit more about the  just some of the impressions on 23? I think particularly, they just focus on margins, given how  sort of given how FX trends are going. I mean, it looks like, what, about a 4% FX to the top line next year and $0.75 on the bottom line. So is that  sort of should we think about if youre thinking about that 7% to 9%, maybe sort of in the 3%, 4% organic range all in next year, given the FX headwinds? And then just sort of talk a little bit more about like the margin setup for next year?
Marc Casper: So Ill start, and Im sure Stephen will chime in as well. So obviously, at a high level, we will get into this in January, right? Why do we do January is we will have the benefit of two things, which is where was the exact finish to the year, whats our jumping-off point? And second, what is the most close in view of the macro environment, right? So we will see how that plays out in January. But  excuse me. So if I go through the components, right? Obviously, the company is performing at an incredibly strong level. So that was very encouraging. As Stephen outlined, it will be a headwind that could change, obviously. But right now, we gave you that number so that you can at least update the models to reflect what current FX range rates are. And thats about $1 billion of revenue headwind and about $0.75 of adjusted EPS. The second one that I think is important, and its an assumption, which is were assuming in the fourth quarter that were at an endemic level of COVID-19 testing. So thats $100 million of revenue in the quarter. And if that plays out in that way, then I think thats a reasonable assumption per quarter for next year. So youre going to have the view on the COVID runoff down to the endemic rate on testing. And from the rest of the perspective, the business is in really good shape. And Stephen, you can comment on margins or anything else that I might have missed.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So Derik, we look forward to giving you full details in 3 months time in terms of the Q4 call. But think about the margin profile, there are different elements of the revenue, and think about how we model it in the long-term model for the company. 50 basis points of expansion on core essentially equates to about 30% pull-through on the margin profile and the revenue dollars increasing from a core standpoint. The FX headwind that we outlined on the call, thats also roughly a 30% margin pull-through. And on testing, its a very profitable element of our business. And we factor in appropriately addressing the variable costs and the non-repeat of some of the colleague compensation one-time that we did this year. That pull-through on testing is  no, just 10% margin higher than the core. So, that will help you with modeling in terms around your own assumptions around the organic growth and testing and FX. And as I said, thats all incorporated in the long-term model. And then on the call, I called out that 60 basis points impact from the  added impact of added inflation and what were doing on pricing and managing the company well to offset the impacts of the added inflation as more revenue to the company and negate the impact of the additional inflation. So, no net impact on operating income dollars. So when I think about all of that wrapped up for our long-term financial model we gave you back in May, were on track to achieve or exceed the adjusted EPS target we put at that. Were managing very well through the dynamic times. Look forward to giving more details in 23 on the next call.
Derik De Bruin: Got it. Okay. Im still getting a bunch of questions from investors, but we will follow-up with it. But two other questions, just on this one. I guess are you still seeing like for like the $1.5 billion in COVID vaccines for this year? And just obviously some of the semiconductor companies have been hitting their CapEx numbers or cutting their CapEx numbers. Does that have any sort of like impact on sort of like your view on FEI and the instrument outlook? Thank you.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Derik, in terms of vaccines and therapies, as a reminder, we said we would expect to do in our core revenue about $1.5 billion this year. We did just under $400 million in Q3. That brings the year-to-date to $1.3 billion and on track to achieve or exceed the $1.5 billion. So I feel good about that. Our  as a reminder, on electron microscopy, its not correlated to the CapEx spend. Its correlated to R&D and new nodes and that business is performing incredibly well in terms of growth, with bookings all of the different metrics really doing incredibly well. Thank you, Derik.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey, guys. Thanks for the questions. Marc, maybe one just kind of following up on that stocking piece, I know youve previously talked about Thermo, you guys are involved in a lot of the purchasing decisions of customers, have employees in the room. And you had previously seen some repurposing of the vaccine orders for other trial work as expected. So just, I guess, wondering specifically on the bioprocessing side kind of what your visibility is there? What you are seeing on stocking, and at times you said, if anything, maybe the inventory is actually running lean because you guys were capacity constrained. So Im just wondering kind of an update on that front?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Patrick, thanks for the question and a follow-up on that. So if I think about inventory, right, and I read some of the Q&A that happened last week. And somehow that translated into our own share price, which is a little bit of a head scratcher to me. If you think about inventory levels, right, I guess I always start at the high level. Three of our businesses, which are a large portion of the company, literally have nothing to do with inventory at all, right, which is pharma services, our clinical research business and our analytical instrument business has nothing to do with inventory. So I think its important to remember that. The second, when you get down to the businesses that do have inventory levels, some of which we hold, some of which our customers hold, we do have really good visibility into it. And we help our customers appropriately manage those levels of inventory. I feel good about the position that were in, alright? And for the couple of customers that might have COVID-related things, Im sure that they purchased a bit more because they had a high range of demand volatility that they were managing. But in terms of our bioproduction business, it grew well faster than pharma and biotech. The outlook is really strong, and I feel very well positioned going forward.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. Thats helpful. And then, Stephen, I know you talked a little bit about the pricing dynamic kind of offsetting the inflation this year. Its obviously been a higher number, as you all know. How are you thinking about the 23 piece on pricing? Again, whats the expectation internally from Thermo on the inflation side? How are you going to kind of play the pricing side? Are you going to continue to raise as much? Is there a level where you kind of pull back a little bit and kind of value the customer relationships more? Maybe just talk through again the pricing piece. I know its a little bit delicate with how high the inflation side is. So, be curious how you guys are thinking about that into next year. Thank you.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So, have a better view on inflation three months time, but we are effectively managing the dynamics now and expect to effectively manage them going forward. And this has been about pricing just if you can in an inflation environment. Its pricing appropriately, given the inflation dynamics and then bringing our customers along with us on that journey. So, I feel good about our ability to manage the dynamic going forward should the inflation levels remain at the elevated level.
Marc Casper: And Patrick, the only thing I would add to that is when you think about how we describe the approach, right, we are not marking it up, right. We are driving substantial productivity. We are passing through an appropriate level of pricing to reflect real cost increase, and we are helping our customers through this period of time. And thats how we thought about it. And we think thats the right thing, given the importance of Thermo Fisher to our customers. And we will do an appropriate level of pricing based on the environment in 23 as we get into.
Patrick Donnelly: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead, Vijay.
Vijay Kumar: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on solid top line this morning. Marc, one on fiscal 23 again, I know the guidance, the formal guidance is in January. But I guess the question is, the 7% to 9% LRP that Thermo issued at the Analyst Day, thats a CAGR. But there has been some nervousness that perhaps 23 could be below that range. I mean the macro is the macro. But ex macro in industrial, is there any sensitivity around these major drivers that would cause big deviation from the LRP range for 23 that we should be thinking about? Again, I am not asking for formal guidance, but any variables, qualitative comments we should be looking at?
Marc Casper: So, Vijay, thanks for the question. So, when I think about how do we think about growth, right, is 7% to 9%. And if you take the long-term model, right. So, I am not commenting on 23. I dont make a comment there. But thats industry-leading, right. I think folks forget that. Thats  that number is higher than anybody else has committed to in the industry. So, I feel great about that. And of course, we are the biggest company, so which makes it super cool, right, in terms of what that says about share gain, right. So, I think that sometimes is forgotten. We are not constraining ourselves to 7% to 9%, right. We are growing 12% this year, right. And the measure that we actually use is, are we doing a good job, right. I mean the 7% to 9% is assuming 4% to 6% market growth over the long period. The market growth is a little better than that. I feel great about our 12% performance. When we sit here at the end of 2022, what we do know is that our business will have been larger as a starting off point than what we assumed in the long-term model. So, right there, we have had more core growth that will offset some of the transition from vaccines and therapies that move into the other parts of core. So, we are super well positioned. And we will figure out is 7% to 9% the right number. Thats kind of our default unless something is radically different as a starting point to a year. And obviously, if the conditions are super robust, it could be higher than that. If we are in a gale-force recession, it could be lower than that, right. But I think at this point in the year, the long-term is we are doing better on the top line. We are right on track on EPS and we are incredibly well positioned into 2023, and we will figure it out. And I dont think we are going to surprise anybody, right. We will all look at the macro and say, yes, those numbers make a ton of sense based on what the environment is as we sit here in January. And once again, we will be ambitious, and we will deliver great performance.
Vijay Kumar: Thats helpful, Marc. Maybe one for Stephen here, on the impact from additional comp, and I understand there is some flow-through in Q4. Stephen, when you think about 23, are you planning for any comp, incremental comp expenses to offset inflation for employees? Is that something that we should be considering?
Stephen Williamson: No, I think the dynamics that I outlined earlier on is going to pull through. The assumption there is that dont repeat. We will figure out what the current situation is during the year and make the right calls and manage the company appropriately. But when I think about that pull-through on the testing, that includes the non-repeat on those actions as well.
Vijay Kumar: Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Brennan with Cowen. Please go ahead. Dan, your line is open.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thank you and thanks for taking the questions. Marc, I dont want to jinx for jet, so I am going to refrain from making any comments or claims here. Maybe Marc and Steve, could you just walk us around the globe and your key end markets? I mean just speak to what extent you are seeing any impacts from the weakening global economy. And if nothing really manifest in Q3, which doesnt look like it has, are there any lead indicators like orders funnels, anything of that nature that might reflect some softening? Just  and then kind of connected to that, the fourth quarter guide does reflect a notable slowing on a stack comp basis. And so I am wondering if thats just conservatism or if that does incorporate some maybe risk from global macro?
Marc Casper: So, in terms of the macroeconomic environment, beyond the inflationary impacts, which we had explained, actually, our end markets have been very strong. As you know, I gave you the cut by the four kind of customer sets, actually geographically, no particular pattern that jumps out as a concern. When you look at Europe, the core growth actually was 10% growth. So, Europe was actually strong. And it makes sense because you have a large pharma and biotech proportion of that. So, that was good. And our assumption is that in China, which will have a very good year and a good quarter, its probably slightly lower than the long-term historical view. And thats mostly the COVID policies there. So, we are always looking for is there something lurking, but right now, things remain strong. Fourth quarter, its the same assumptions that we have been using all year, which is we havent been adjusting our forward-looking quarters. We basically took the original quarters. And as we delivered a strong quarter, we raised the full year based on what we delivered and have kept the convention for the upcoming quarters the same as what we had done in the past. That implies growth in line with the long-term organic outlook for the business. And obviously, we will deliver the strongest possible growth that we can. We will just see how the quarter plays out.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thanks for that. And then maybe just as a follow-up, just on instruments. Instrument demand at Thermo across the group has been kind of very strong for a period of time. AI had another good quarter. Just wondering kind of what you are seeing on that front, and kind of what do you think about as you look ahead. While I am not guiding for 23, kind of is the instrument underlying strength sustainable? Just any color macro-wise and company-specific initiatives. Thanks.
Marc Casper: Yes. Thanks for the question. And the instruments business is performing really well, continuing the trend. Its great to have the growth rates that we delivered in terms of mid-teens organic growth in the quarter and which is terrific. Bookings were very strong. So, the outlook remains very good. Very impressed with how our chromatography and mass spectrometry business did. Its our fastest-growing business in the quarter and great growth in our electron microscopy and really good performance in chemical analysis. So, actually, the business strength is widespread and broad-based. So, it looks very good as we are finishing up the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rachel Vatnsdal with JPMorgan. Please go ahead, Rachel.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great. Thanks for taking the question. And so first up, on the manufacturing side, you have had a few peers that have had some quality concerns in recent quarters around that sterile fill and finish market. So, can you just walk us through how that business performed for you in 3Q? And then do you think this really opens up any opportunity for share gains moving forward?
Marc Casper: So, Rachel, thanks for the question. When I think about our pharma services business, it was one of the highlights for performance in the quarter. Its been a good growth driver for the company. Customers are driving towards more outsourcing. The smaller companies have less manufacturing and development capabilities in-house. So, the secular trends here are fantastic. We have an industry-leading position. We have been investing in new capabilities, strengthening quality systems, capacity, infrastructure, all of those things to position it well. And its our job to do great work every day for our customers and focused on doing that really well. And thats what we are focused on, and its important that we do it. And we want to grow at a reasonable rate and just make sure that we are doing great work every day for our customers.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Thanks. And then as a follow-up to Dans question, just wanted to dig a little bit deeper into Europe. So, you mentioned that, that region was down 10% in the quarter, but you flagged that it was also impacted by that COVID testing comp. So, can you walk us through how much of that 10% decline was due to FX and COVID roll off? And then are you seeing any shift in demand within that region just given the macro uncertainty there? Thanks.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So, in terms of the core growth in Europe, its about 10%, excluding FX, excluding the testing side of things as well. So, good strong growth across the region. And as Marc said, its a good concentration in pharma and biotech in the region, which is a strong growth business for us. So, yes, around about 10% in Europe. Great. Thanks Rachel.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Arias with Stifel. Please go ahead, Dan.
Dan Arias: Good morning guys. Thanks. Marc, on the bioproduction capacity expansion that you have been working on, the $600 million plus that you outlined there as a build out, I am just wondering, as we head towards December if you might be able to sort of give a refreshed view on just how much of that will be  or do you think will be open to start the year versus what might be slated for 23? And then how you are feeling about filling out that capacity, just given what we are seeing in terms of end market demand and activity there?
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Dan, thanks for the question. So, as a reminder, back in early 2021, we outlined our goals for expanding our capacity to meet the really strong long-term growth trends in our pharma services and our bioproduction businesses. And really, what we did is we looked at our 5-year roadmap of what we were planning to bring forward, and we pulled some of those things forward. In bioproduction, we made three specific investment decisions, some expansion of our single-use technology network. We opened a facility, a second facility in Utah. We opened up a facility in Tennessee. Both of those are operational. We expanded our Grand Island, New York cell culture media facility, thats also largely complete. And we just opened our purification facility in Massachusetts, which is our second purification facility. So, we are largely complete with the investments in bioproduction. But we are not operating at full capacity of that. We are not operating full shift seven days a week in the new facilities. We are rather going through the thoughtful ramp up. And that will continue to ramp up through 2023 and even into 2024 to bring it to kind of more of the full utilization. We feel very good about the demand environment. So, that capacity is bringing lead times back to more normal pre-pandemic levels, which is terrific. And that will position us really well for share gain. When I think about purification, which I think is worth a moment on, we were literally capacity constrained. We had demand that was so strong that we werent able to bring on a lot of new business over the last few months. And its great to have Johnsonville [ph] online because that allow us to continue to support the growth of new molecules and our customers. So, thats a quick recap on that.
Dan Arias: Okay. Helpful. And then just maybe on PPD, it sounds like things continue to go well there. And to the point of a couple of guys here, there is naturally a focus on 2023. You will have a tough comp there, actually like 2 years of tough comps there. So, anything that you might be able to add on just how you see PPD growth tracking going forward?
Marc Casper: Yes. So, our clinical research business, right, it serves an attractive end market within pharma and biotech, again, similar in a way to our pharma services business, more the innovations coming from the smaller companies. That really lends well to partnering with a clinical research organization. Our business is growing at a very high level. As Stephen highlighted, we are expecting 14% growth assumed in our guidance for the year, which is very strong. And what I am really excited about is the reaction from customers. I have seen quite a few customers in the third quarter and really had the opportunity to discuss what we are doing in clinical research services. And feedback is exciting. Our revenue synergies are very strong. They dont show up in the revenue to-date. They show up in the authorization for the future. And which is why I was able to really highlight that the business is not only ahead of the short-term deal model, but the projection is it will be well ahead over the long-term deal model. And we are excited about the momentum we will carry with that business going into 2023.
Rafael Tejada: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today comes from Tejas Savant with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, Tejas. Your line is open.
Tejas Savant: Thank you. Marc and Stephen, good morning. One follow-up for me on Europe, Marc. I mean energy costs are clearly in focus you are heading into the winter. Can you just help us dimension your cost on the energy side as a percent of your regional sales? And any kind of like resiliency plans that you have put in place? And then as a quick follow-up there, any color on research funding trends in Europe, particularly as government priorities might be shifting here a little bit?
Marc Casper: Yes. So, one of the powers of our PPI Business System and the benefits of our scale is to be able navigate the supply chain challenges that have existed in the world. And I would put energy availability as a potential challenge in Europe as we get into the winter. So, we went site-by-site and looked at what is the source of energy and made appropriate adjustments. So, a number of sites, we moved off of natural gas or there was a situation where the government said that we are going to be supplied. Its different scenarios depending on which country, what site, what purpose. So, I feel like we are well positioned to navigate that environment. In terms of research funding, it seems good. I mean obviously, the next level of European funding is being considered this month and at least what the public discussion is positive about the funding environment there. In terms of energy costs
Stephen Williamson: Yes. In terms of the energy cost, this is not material. Whats material is make sure you are managing the ability to stay open the supply chain and looking into your customers. So, thats where we are spending our time and effort. And we switch the energy type. And its about staying open and meeting that to our customers to support them through this.
Tejas Savant: Got it. And just one quick follow-up on PPD, if I may. One of your CRO peers, Marc, just mentioned investigator staff shortages at some sites, causing trial delays, not broad-based, but in some cases. Just curious what you are seeing in terms of labor market tightness there? And do you expect sort of wage inflation in specific to PPD to be a factor we should be thinking about into next year as well?
Marc Casper: Business performed great. We obviously had 18% growth in the quarter, 14% growth outlook for the year. The way wage inflation works in that business is it gets passed through in the normal course pricing in the contract, so that you could have a quarter or something lag. But effectively, if there is unusual wage inflation that this gets passed through to the customer base. So, I dont see any particular significant challenge there. So, let me wrap it up here. As you heard this morning, another excellent quarter, we are on track to deliver an outstanding year, and thats going to set us up for a very bright future. And as always, thanks for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. We look forward to updating you on our progress as we turn into 2023. Thanks everyone.
End of Q&A:
Operator: Thank you everyone for joining us today. This concludes our call and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2022 Second Quarter Conference Call. My name is Jacquita. I will be your operator for todays call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Rafael Tejada, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Tejada, you may begin the call.
Rafael Tejada: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading News and Events until August 12, 2022. A copy of the press release of our second quarter 2022 earnings is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading, Financials. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the companys future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which are on file with the SEC and available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials, SEC filings. While we may like to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during this call, we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our second quarter 2022 earnings and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials. So with that, I will now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thank you, Raf. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us today for our second quarter call. As you saw in our press release, we had another excellent quarter. We delivered outstanding financial performance. Our core business is performing very well, that strength is broad-based across all our businesses. As I reflect on the quarter, I am very proud of the teams great execution and the resulting share gain we saw across our business. Our ongoing success is propelled by our proven growth strategy and our PPI Business System, which is a differentiator for us and enables operational excellence within the company. You will see this in our second quarter results and increased outlook for the year. So, let me first recap the financials. Our revenue in the quarter grew 18% year-over-year to $10.97 billion. Our adjusted operating income was $2.61 billion. Our adjusted operating margin in the second quarter was 23.7% and we delivered another quarter of strong adjusted EPS performance, achieving $5.51 per share. Let me now give you some color on our performance by end market. Starting with pharma and biotech, we had excellent performance in this end market, delivering growth in the mid-teens. We saw excellent growth across all businesses serving these customers, highlighted by our bioproduction and pharma services businesses. We are continuing to benefit from our trusted partner status that we have earned over many years with our pharma and biotech customers. In academic and government, we grew in the mid single-digits in the quarter. We saw strong growth in biosciences and chromatography and mass spectrometry. Turning to industrial and applied, we grew in the low double-digits for the quarter. We saw very strong growth in electron microscopy, chromatography and mass spectrometry and our research and safety market channel. Finally, in diagnostics and healthcare, revenue was 20% lower than the prior year quarter. In this end market, the core business saw strong growth led by immunodiagnostics and microbiology. During the quarter, the team continued to execute well to support customers COVID-19 testing needs. Overall, excellent performance across our end markets. And as I reflect on this quarters performance, we continue to deliver very differentiated core business growth. This was driven by three factors: the market conditions were good; our team managed lockdowns in China extremely well; and we had outstanding execution from our global team, resulting in meaningful share gain. Let me now provide an update on the progress we made in executing our proven growth strategy. The investments we have made and are continuing to make across the company are fueling growth and generating strong returns. Our growth strategy has enabled another quarter of excellent performance. As a reminder, our strategy consists of three pillars: developing high-impact innovative new products; leveraging our scale in the high growth and emerging markets; and delivering a unique value proposition to our customers. I will start with innovation. We launched a number of new products across our businesses to further strengthen our industry leadership and enable our customers to accelerate scientific breakthroughs. I will highlight a few of these. We have an outstanding American Society for Mass Spectrometry Conference, where we showcased new instruments, consumables and software to advance our customers work. These included the Thermo Scientific AccelerOme automated sample prep platform, which simplifies workflows for proteomic researchers by eliminating a range of previously manual steps. We also launched the cloud-based Thermo Scientific RDO software platform, which integrates functionality and data across multiple chromatography and mass spectrometry instruments to simplify application-specific workflows, helping scientists share information with each other and labs around the world and speeding the development of new diagnostics and therapies. In addition, we launched the Thermo Scientific Direct Mass Technology mode for our industry-leading Q Exactive Orbitrap mass spectrometers. This technology allows for the characterization of complex and large biotherapeutics, which were previously challenging to interpret. In our biosciences business, we launched the Gibco CTS TrueCut Cas9 Protein that supports genome editing for applications such as CAR-T cell therapy research. Emerging therapies like CAR-T are providing new hope in treating cancer. And in Specialty Diagnostics, we launched the Phadia 2500+ series in the U.S., a high-throughput instrument for allergy and autoimmune diagnostics to help further improve lab efficiency. These new products and many others will make a significant difference for our customers and drive future growth for our company. Turning to our high growth and emerging markets, we are really thrilled with our teams progress. You may remember that we called out China as a potential Q2 headwind, because of the COVID-19 lockdowns in the country. Obviously, the lockdowns were very severe, but I am so proud of the way the team responded. They powered through demonstrating the relevance of our offering amid the crisis and delivered over 20% growth. That was the result of a very strong core business, the benefit of deep relationships we have with our customers, and our support for local COVID-19 testing. So overall, it was a great quarter and one that clearly demonstrates our growth strategy continues to deliver outstanding results. The third pillar of our growth strategy is our unique customer value proposition. Our capabilities enable our customers ability to achieve their own goals for innovation and productivity. To be the best partner for our customers, we continue to enhance our capacity and capabilities. Let me share a couple of examples. In our flagship facility for cell culture media in Grand Island, New York, we just completed a capacity expansion to support customers research, drug development and production applications. And in our lab chemicals business in Geel, Belgium, where we have our primary Continental European distribution center for lab chemicals, we just completed a major expansion of the facility to support the strong growth that we have been delivering. I have had the opportunity to visit both sides a number of times and its really exciting to see the ongoing strength in customer demand thats driving the need for this investment. These are just a few reflections on the way we are supporting our customers by further strengthening our capabilities and value proposition. Now, turning to capital deployment, Id like to share some of the other steps we have taken to further strengthen our customer value proposition and build our future. We continue to successfully execute our disciplined capital deployment strategy, which is a combination of strategic M&A and returning capital to our shareholders. We are very pleased with the performance of the PPD acquisition. The business is performing very well, delivering strong core revenue and earnings growth. In May, at our Investor Day, we increased the revenue synergy outlook by $100 million to $250 million in year 3 and the cost synergies in that year by $25 million to $100 million and the synergy opportunities continue to be incredibly exciting. I just had a chance to meet with the clinical research commercial organization and I am so impressed with the team and the opportunity that they see for enabling the success of our customers going forward. The combination of capabilities is really resonating with customers and we are seeing strong momentum in the business. All of this is leading to business performance well ahead of the deal market. The acquisition of PPD is another example of how our capital deployment strategy is creating customer and shareholder value. Turning now to an update to our ESG initiatives, we released our latest Corporate Social Responsibility Report. This report details our progress and disclosures for all of our key ESG initiatives and is a great example of how we are continually working to enhance our reporting and disclosure using internationally recognized reporting standards. Its great to see the progress detailed in the report and also reflecting the progress we have made through our commitment to ESG over many years. For this quarter, I will highlight the progress we continue to make on our goal to reduce our carbon footprint. As part of our efforts, we continue to transition to renewable energy is sold at onsite rooftop solar power at key locations to reduce our consumption of electricity produced with fossil fuels. We are also working with our suppliers on their climate performance goals which will ultimately have an impact across our value chain. As a leader in ESG, our commitment to progress is ingrained in everything we do and we look forward to updating you on our progress as we go forward. Now, Id like to review our updated 2022 guidance at a high level and then Steve will take you through the details. We are meaningfully raising our full year guidance. We are increasing our revenue guidance by $700 million to $43.15 billion, which would result in 10% reported revenue growth over 2021 and we are raising our 2022 adjusted EPS guidance by $0.28 to $22.93 per share. This higher outlook primarily reflects the strength of our core business and additional contribution of COVID-19 testing revenue, which are more than offsetting the increased foreign exchange headwinds, demonstrating how well we operate with speed and scale to enable our customer success and navigate dynamic macro environments. So, to summarize our key takeaways from the second quarter. Our outstanding results in Q2 highlight the benefits of our proven growth strategy, our PPI business system and our extraordinary team. Our business is performing very well and we are gaining market share. The PPD acquisition is generating strong returns. We are really well positioned to continue to differentiate ourselves for all of our stakeholders. And the team is doing an excellent job navigating the dynamic times we are living in. All of this has enabled to raise our outlook for 2022 and further solidify our incredibly bright future. With that, I will now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc and good morning, everyone. We delivered another excellent quarter in Q2. This included 13% core organic revenue growth, $630 million of COVID-19 testing revenue, $5.51 of adjusted earnings per share, and over $1 billion of free cash flow. Revenue in Q2 was $930 million higher than we had incorporated in our previous 2022 guidance, with $640 million driven by ongoing strength in the core business and $400 million from testing, partially offset by $110 million due to higher headwind from foreign exchange. Similar to last quarter, the strength in the core was broad-based across businesses and end markets. From a geographic lens, $200 million of the beat was from China. In our previous guidance, we had assumed a $200 million headwind from the lockdowns in China and we offset all of that, half from strong local core growth and half from local testing support, a great achievement by our China team. Our PPI business system enabled us to generate very strong pull-through on the revenue beat and adjusted EPS for Q2 was $0.52 higher than included in our previous guidance. So Q2 was a continuation of our excellent financial performance track record. Let me now provide you with some more details. Beginning with our earnings results, as I mentioned, we delivered $5.51 of adjusted EPS in Q2 and GAAP EPS in the quarter was $4.22. On the top line, our Q2 reported revenue grew 18% year-over-year. The components of our Q2 reported revenue increase included 3% organic revenue growth, a 19% contribution from acquisitions, and a headwind of 4% from foreign exchange. Turning to our organic revenue performance by geography, the organic growth rates by region are skewed by the COVID-19 testing revenue in the current and prior year. In Q2, North America grew in the high single-digits, Europe declined in the low double-digits, Asia-Pacific grew in the low double-digits, with China growing over 20% and rest of world declined low double-digits. With respect to our operational performance, adjusted operating income in the quarter decreased 3% and adjusted operating margin was 23.7%, 530 basis points lower than Q2 last year. Adjusted operating margin was slightly higher than we had anticipated in our prior guidance for Q2, reflecting how our growth strategy and PPI business system enabled us to continue to manage dynamic times. In the quarter, we achieved strong price realization to effectively address inflation while also driving strong productivity and positive volume leverage in the core business. This was more than offset by the expected impact of incorporating PPD into our financials, lower testing volumes and continued strategic investments, including investments in our colleagues. Moving on to the details of the P&L. Total company adjusted gross margin in the quarter came in at 43.2%, 740 basis points lower than Q2 last year. For the second quarter, the change in gross margin was due to the same drivers as those for our adjusted operating margin. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 16.1% of revenue, a decrease of 180 basis points versus Q2 2021. The R&D expense was approximately $360 million in Q2, representing growth of 6% over the prior year quarter. You can see the benefits of our prior R&D investments in our differentiated core organic growth rate and the exciting new products that Marc outlined. Moreover, the continued investments we are making in R&D are helping to fuel an even brighter future. Looking at our results below the line for the quarter, our net interest expense was $112 million, approximately flat to Q2 last year. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 13%. This was 100 basis points lower than Q2 last year, driven by our tax planning initiatives. Average diluted shares were $394 million in Q2, approximately $2 million lower year-over-year, driven by share repurchases net of option dilution. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, year-to-date cash flow from continuing operations was $3.7 billion and free cash flow was $2.6 billion. Our capacity and capability investments continue to progress well and our year-to-date net capital expenditures were $1.1 billion. We returned over $115 million to shareholders through dividends in the quarter and this reflects the 15% dividend increase we announced in February. We paid down $1.85 billion of commercial paper in Q2 and ended the quarter with approximately $1.9 billion in cash and $30.3 billion of total debt. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 2.3x gross debt to adjusted EBITDA and 2.2x on a net debt basis. Concluding my comments on our total company performance, adjusted ROIC was 16.6%, reflecting the strong returns on investment that we are generating across the company. Now I will provide some color on the performance of our four business segments. Let me start with a couple of framing comments. The scale and margin profile of our COVID-19 testing revenue varies by segment and the testing revenue was significantly higher in the prior year quarter that does skew some of the reported segment margins. And as I mentioned earlier, we are executing strong pricing realization across all segments to address higher inflation. And as we outlined at the beginning of the year, we are referring to our acquired PPD business as our clinical research business and that resides in laboratory products in Biopharma Services segment. So, moving on to the segment details, starting with Life Science Solutions, Q2 reported revenue in this segment declined 7% and organic revenue was 5% lower than the prior year quarter. In Q2, we delivered very strong growth in our bioproduction business. This is offset by lower revenue in the genetic sciences business driven by the moderation in testing revenue versus the year ago quarter. Q2 adjusted operating income in Life Science Solutions decreased 23% and adjusted operating margin was 40.3%, down 800 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we delivered strong productivity, which is more than offset by unfavorable business mix and the strategic investments we are making across the segment. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue increased 9% in Q2, and the organic growth was 13%. The strong growth in this segment this quarter was led by electron microscopy and the chromatography and mass spectrometry businesses. Q2 adjusted operating income in this segment increased 23% and adjusted operating margin was 21.4%, up 250 basis points year-over-year. During the quarter, we delivered strong volume flow-through and productivity that was partially offset by strategic investments. Turning to Specialty Diagnostics, in Q2, reported revenue declined 11% and organic revenue was 8% lower than the prior year quarter. In Q2, we saw strong underlying growth in our immunodiagnostics and microbiology businesses, as well as our healthcare market channel. This is offset by lower COVD-19 testing revenue versus the year ago quarter. While Q2 adjusted operating income decreased 1% in the quarter, adjusted operating margin was 22.1%, up 220 basis points from the prior year quarter. In Q2, the impact of lower testing volume was more than offset by strong productivity enabled by our PPI Business System and positive business mix. And finally, in Laboratory Products & Biopharma Services segment. Q2 reported revenue increased 55%. Organic growth was 10% and the impact of acquisitions was 48%. During Q2, we had strong growth in the research and safety market channel and in the Pharma Services and Laboratory Products businesses. PPD, our clinical research business, is performing very well and continues to exceed our expectations. During the quarter, it grew slightly higher than the rest of the segment, contributing $1.72 billion of revenue. Q2 adjusted operating income in the segment increased 55% and adjusted operating margin was 12.5%, which is 10 basis points higher than the prior year quarter. In the quarter, we drove strong productivity and also still the benefit from acquisitions. This was partially offset by strategic investments and unfavorable business mix. Let me now turn to our updated 2022 guidance. And as Marc outlined, were raising our full year revenue guidance by $700 million to $43.15 billion. Were also raising our core organic revenue growth outlook from 9% to 11%. And on the bottom line, were raising our adjusted EPS guidance for 2022 by $0.28 to $22.93. The increase in revenue guidance is driven by three elements: a $750 million increase in the outlook for the core business; $500 million higher assumed COVID-19 testing revenue; and a $550 million decrease to reflect the recent changes in FX rates. Let me provide you some color on each of these elements. So starting with the $750 million increase in the outlook for the core business, this reflects a strong performance in Q2 and a $100 million increase in the core organic outlook for the second half of the year, and that second half raise reflects higher price we put in place to offset higher inflation versus the previous guidance. As I mentioned previously, the increase in core revenue guidance raised the full year outlook for core organic revenue growth from 9% to 11%. This very strong growth performance reflecting excellent commercial execution and strong share gains. In terms of our COVID-19 testing revenue assumptions, the $500 million increase for the year includes $400 million beat in Q2 and a $100 million increase in the assumption for Q3. This reflects an assumed glide path from Q2 to an endemic run rate level in Q4. There continue to be scenarios where testing demand could be higher than this level. And should that be the case, were well positioned to support customer needs. And as we did in the first half of the year, will flow the benefits of that through our P&L. But for now, we thought it was prudent to continue to take a de-risked approach to the outlook. In terms of FX, weve incorporated current rates into guidance, and we now expect FX to be a year-over-year headwind on of $1.25 billion on revenue, up 3.2%. The FX headwind on adjusted EPS in 2022 has increased by $0.31 to $0.84 for the full year or 3.3%. The $0.31 change includes a 34% headwind in the second half of the year versus that previous guidance. In terms of profitability, we expect to deliver $110 million more adjusted operating income, up the $700 million raise in revenue guidance. This reflects strong pull-through in the higher core and testing volume, additional price offsetting inflation and the impact of the headwind from FX. We now expect full year 2022 adjusted operating margin to be 25.2%. In terms of adjusted EPS, our stronger outlook is enabling us to raise the 2022 adjusted EPS guidance by $0.28 from $22.65 to $22.93, further building on an already very strong outlook for the year. So to recap on the guidance change, we continue to execute really well and are able to more than offset the significant FX headwinds, effectively manage inflation and still raise our full year outlook. This demonstrates the power of our proven strategy and our PPI business system execution. Let me now provide you with a couple of other details on the 2022 guidance. PPD, our clinical research business is now expected to deliver $6.8 billion of revenue in 2022, which represents 12% core organic revenue growth on a full year basis for this business, up 1% from our previous guidance. We now expect the business to contribute just over $2 to adjusted EPS in the year, up $0.03 from our prior guidance. Our guidance now assumes net interest expense of approximately $460 million for the year. Were assuming an adjusted income tax rate of 13.2% in 2022, slightly higher than the prior guidance. We continue to assume net capital expenditures of approximately $2.5 billion to $2.7 billion and free cash flow of approximately $7 billion. Our guidance still assumes $2.5 billion of capital deployment, which is a $2 billion of share buybacks to be completed in January and $475 million of capital returned to shareholders through dividends. And we continue to assume the full year average diluted share count will be between 394 million and 395 million shares. And finally, I wanted to touch on spacing of the P&L to help you with your modeling. When I think about the revenue dollars in Q3 and Q4, we expect Q4 to contribute just under 52% of the second half total. And looking at adjusted EPS on that same basis, we expect the second half total to be weighted a couple of percentage points more to Q4 than the revenue. To conclude, we delivered another excellent quarter and in a great position to achieve our 2022 goals. With that, Ill turn the call back over to Raf.
Rafael Tejada: Thank you, Stephen. Operator, were ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. You may proceed.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning.
Marc Casper: Hi, Jack. Good morning. 
Jack Meehan: Good morning. So versus the Analyst Day at the end of May, a lot has transpired on the macro environment. We see this morning, GDP officially declined again for 2Q. It would be great to hear just your latest thoughts on macro sensitivity for Thermo Fisher. And if youll humor me as we sit here in July, just any thoughts on positioning for 2023, how that might fit in versus the 3-year CAGRs you talked about a couple of months ago?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Jack, I guess the first thing is business performing extraordinarily well, right? We have broad-based strength. As I look at the companies that have reported, weve done very well from a top line perspective. So I feel good about how were performing. Bookings performance was very good. So if I think about what are we seeing in our business, were seeing very strong strength, right? In terms of the macro, obviously, when you read the papers or wherever information source, lots and lots of challenges in the world. And in the last quarter, we articulated some of them and how we factored some of that into the thinking for our outlook. And so what do we think about sensitivity? This company is incredibly well positioned to navigate whatever the world throws at us, right? And the industry in and of itself is attractive as well as sensitive economically than many. We are very well positioned within it, and we have tremendous momentum. When I think about  if we see a downturn, and were not seeing the signs of one, but it doesnt mean that there wont be one. We have the benefit of a track record of dynamic of navigating dynamic times and exiting those periods really an incredibly strong industry leader. We benefit from an experienced management team, an incredible team around the world, a proven growth strategy in a PPI business system, which gives us great operational discipline. As you know, weve taken a number of actions over the last few years to strengthen our position in the end markets we serve. And today, relative to the recession and the great financial crisis, we have less industrial exposure. As a reminder, about 30% of our revenue going into the last recession was industrial. Today, its about 13%. And Pharma and Biotech is much larger, and that has been the least economically sensitive of the end markets, and that represents just under 60% of our revenue. And when I think about our mix, were more service and consumables oriented than we were then. Then, it was 65% of our revenue. Today, its 82% of our revenue. So the company is performing well. Our end markets are good, and we will manage through whatever the world throws at us. And you see that in the results, right? You see that in the  FX got meaningfully more challenging for all global companies, and were able to power through that and deliver an increase in our guidance.
Jack Meehan: Great. And then my second question is on capital allocation. So it looks like it was a relatively quiet quarter here, though I know youre always very active internally. Just  it would be great to get your thoughts on the deal pipeline. Do you think its getting more interesting with some of these macro challenges around the world? And then given PPDs strong performance here out of the gate, just thoughts on adding more CRO exposure to the business?
Marc Casper: Yes. So from a capital deployment perspective, I really wanted to do the deeper dive on the progress of PPD, and we did a large acquisition in December, right? And the first thing we have to demonstrate is that were great owners and operators of the businesses that are part of the family, and thats always our number one priority, and that business has performed great. And we have an active pipeline. And when I think about how valuations have come in many sectors that creates opportunities, right? So were actively engaged as we always are and were well positioned to capitalize on the M&A opportunities that will be out there in the landscape. So thank you, Jack.
Jack Meehan: Thanks, Marc.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi. You may proceed.
Patrick Donnelly: Marc, maybe one on the bioprocessing business, it continues to be a source of strength for you guys, among others. Can you just talk about the performance this quarter for that business? It seems like it accelerated for a few players across the industry. And then secondarily, inside that bioprocessing piece on the COVID vaccine side, are you still kind of  obviously, you de-risked a little bit last quarter. I think you lowered it $500 million, $600 million for the year. Maybe just updated thoughts on that front along with the core bioprocessing piece?
Marc Casper: Patrick, good morning, thanks for the questions. So, when I think about bioprocessing, I always like to frame it in the context of how we serve former biotech, right? The market will level up, its very attractive. We have a leading presence, and were really well positioned to serve those customer base. And youve seen us deliver really strong growth. When I think about production, right, or bioproduction, as a reminder, we have two major activities that we have within our company. We have our bioproduction business, which is the leading presence in cell culture media, single-use technologies and a rapidly growing purification resins business as well as our pharma services business, which is both drug substance and drug product for biologics. And you see us play with the monoclonal antibodies, viral vectors, cell therapy, plasmid, sterile fill, finish all part of that. So its a large portion of our total presence in serving pharma biotech. Outstanding quarter, right, when I look at  and that was both across the services business and bioproduction. When I look at how others have done and reported, I feel very, very good about our performance. And the outlook here is really positive. When I think about your question on the COVID vaccine therapies, our outlook for the year is $1.5 billion. Thats the same as it was in Q1. We did just over $400 million of revenue in Q2, which was right in line with our expectations. It brings us to a little bit over $900 million at the halfway point of the year. So we feel good about our role in supporting our customers activities in vaccines and therapies. Thats part of our core revenue growth. So over time, when there is less demand for those capabilities, we will transition that well to other applications, which we do all the time.
Patrick Donnelly: Thats really helpful, Marc. And then maybe just on the pricing side. I know Stephen kind of talked about that being a key bridge to raising the guidance in the back half. I think you previously discussed maybe 2x the normal in pricing to combat inflation. Can you just kind of update where we are on the pricing side? Any pushback from customers? Just maybe just what those conversations have been like? Obviously, pricing power has obviously been a great thing for you guys over the years, but that this is getting to be the highest level weve seen. So maybe just talk a little bit about the pricing side. Thank you, Marc.
Marc Casper: Ill start with the customer comments, and Stephen will go through his thoughts. Were incredibly transparent with our customers and a partner to enable their success. So weve had very constructive discussions, and weve operated with transparency and has allowed us to get an appropriate level of pricing.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So Patrick, in terms of the setup on pricing, then back to kind of a normal year for us, about 0.5% to 1 percentage point of net price across the whole business. And for the first half of the year, weve been running kind of slightly north of double the high end of that range. And the additional pricing we put in place is really to offset higher inflation that were seeing largely energy costs in Europe as we think about the change in guidance. And that change in guidance is really slightly higher revenue and no impact on adjusted operating income or adjusted EPS, but a little pressure on margin, which is the reason why the overall margin came down in the guidance from the last guidance. But thats kind of active management of the pricing to offset the additional inflation.
Patrick Donnelly: Helpful.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Derik, you may proceed.
Mike Ryskin: Great. Thanks for taking the question. This is Mike Ryskin on for Derik. Marc, I want to follow up on a lot of your comments in the prepared remarks, you really seem to emphasize share gains again this quarter. And the core business is doing really well in a number of different segments. So curious if you could provide a little bit more color on some specifics on where youre seeing the biggest share wins versus your peers? Is it in sort of the core chromatography and mass spec and AI or in the channel or bioprocessing portfolio were just talking about? Just sort of whats working well and whats allowing you to take that share? And any specifics you can give on individual pieces of the business would be helpful.
Marc Casper: Sure, Mike. Thanks for the question. So when I think about the 13% core growth  the 14% core growth for the first half, really strong momentum in the business and very broad-based, right? So thats exciting. And when I look at how the industry is reporting, were faring very well. So Im proud of the teams efforts. So some of the highlights, geographically, the team is doing incredibly good job in China. So thats one lens. End market lens, pharma biotech going incredibly quickly, right, with mid-teens growth. So thats another of lens. And then the way you framed it, from the businesses perspective, analytical instruments is doing very well. Its going to see the 13% growth in the segment, great performance in electron microscopy and chromatography and mass spectrometry. Our channel is performing well, pharma services. And then while it doesnt its in the core. Our PPD acquisition has performed very well. Weve obviously had the benefit of seeing a couple of industry participants report and that business is going well. And to be candid, its pretty much broad-based cost business. I havent mentioned either. Its not the  I didnt say something to us not doing well. The team is really humming right now.
Mike Ryskin: Okay, great. And then for the follow-up, if you look at how this year has trended sort of what youre implying for the rest of the year, what youre guiding for the rest of the year for COVID diagnostics. There is still going to be a little bit of a cliff as we go into next year, a little bit of a reduction in COVID diagnostics from 22 to 23, just given what you were able to accomplish in the first half of the year. But the base business is doing incredibly well, and youre now guiding to 11% core business. So, you have got your multiyear target of 7% to 9% out there, right? If we are using this year as a jumping off point, is there any reason to think that next year shouldnt be squarely in that range as well despite the comps and then sort of adjusting for the COVID diagnostic delta between $2.5 billion this year to the run rate next year? I am just trying to do the bridge between the base and the COVID diagnostics, sort of where that puts the model.
Marc Casper: So, Mike, I guess a few thoughts on 2023, right. And obviously, I am looking forward  I am actually doing it every day, its not that. But when we get to January, I will be looking forward to giving you the  give you the update on sort of what we think for the year, right, so in the details. What we dont know now, right. And its just nobody knows is whats the macro environment, right. Is it  was it like the first half of this year, well, phenomenal, right, or is it different, and so we will appropriately set the context for 2023, when we get there. But I think there are a couple of things that are worth saying at this point in time to at least help you think about it. One is the core business, right. Its going to be large, right. We are growing the business faster this year than we had outlined in the long-term model. So, I mean the jumping off point in 2023 is we are going to have a bigger business. And thats core that drives earnings power and all of those things. We will have an appropriate growth range based on how we see the world at that point in time. We will figure that out as it gets closer. And then Stephen might  do you want to comment on FX and because I know that the movements have been enormous, and you might want to frame how to think about that for next year. But I feel great about how the core business performed.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. I think looking at FX rates, if they stayed the same as they are now, that will be kind of an additional year-over-year headwind next year, about $600 million, about $0.40 of adjusted EPS. And I think about the mix of currencies and where currencies have changed. Obviously, that could change as we go through the year, but something to watch out for in corporate.
Marc Casper: Yes. And Mike, when I think about the 7% to 9% growth, thats the long-term sort of average we worked through. So, it can vary in a given year, as this year, obviously, is above that, it can be within and it can be different, just depends on the measure we use is, are we delivering really good performance, right. And its going to be in the context of whats the environment. So, thats going to wait until January. Thanks for the questions.
Mike Ryskin: Very appreciated. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rachel Vatnsdal with JPMorgan. You may proceed.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Hey. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the quarter. So, my first question is on China. Growth of over 20% in the quarter was very impressive. You flagged that some of that was driven by COVID testing. So, can you just break out what was the COVID contribution versus core growth in China? And then what are your latest expectations for China for the year, given some of the headlines you have been seeing about additional lockdowns?
Marc Casper: Yes. So  when I think about the business in China, the team really did an excellent job I think really difficult circumstances. They basically had a month in the Shanghai region to basically get the business to really incredible performance in June. So, I am very proud of that. We had good growth in the core business, much better than we expected. And a nice chunk of the overdrive in COVID testing was in supporting the local activities. So, we did a really good job there. We dont sell our assays there, but we do sell our instruments and in our reagents to support local demand. So, we had strong core growth and a meaningful response in China, actually larger than we typically have in China for COVID testing. The way I think about the outlook is it should be a good market in the second half of the year. I have no doubt there will be some level of COVID disruption. What that will be, when it will be, where it will be, hard to know. But just given the zero COVID policies, there will be bumps on the road. But the team knows how to navigate that, and I feel like we will get through that period effectively. And there could be some headwinds here or there, but nothing that we see at this point in time in China. It looks very strong.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great to hear. And then can you just give us an update on what you are seeing for earlier-stage work in biopharma, just given some of the funding concerns pressuring those mid-cap biotech customers. I know thats a small percent of your revenue, but still just any dynamic and color on what you are seeing in that market would be helpful. Thanks.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Rachel, thanks for the question. Pharma market has been very strong. One of the questions because as our investors and analysts ask the question. I asked the team about are there patterns, trends, anything that is jumping out. And its actually been broad-based strength, right. We are seeing good growth in the various sub-segments within the customer base. So, I feel like the momentum is strong. Orders were strong. There is always company-specific challenges right. There will be companies that have bad data, bad report out or a company thats going to a cat and whatever [ph]. And we help those companies navigate those times. We help them drive productivity and accelerate innovation, and those things. But we continue to see strong momentum in pharma and biotech. Thanks for the questions.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed.
Matt Sykes: Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the quarter Marc and Steve. Just my first question, Marc, when you announced the PPD acquisition last year, you said that part of the rationale was due to your large pharma customers wanting to reduce the number of trusted partnerships they had. And given that we are more than half a year on from the close of the deal and we are potentially facing a tougher economic environment where cost savings might become more important. Have you been able to capitalize on expanding these relationships? And could you share any specific examples of partnership expansions with large pharma as a result of the addition of the PPD business?
Marc Casper: So, Matt, thanks for the question. One of the things thats just been phenomenal is the speed at which we have been able to get meaningful authorizations that clearly synergy work, meaning the benefits of bringing the combination together and we have had several of the larger clients that have worked historically, very closely with us, already select us to do business with them in clinical research. So, we have had meaningful wins there. We are also seeing some really interesting momentum in some of the smaller companies, well, so its not just the large ones. But that concept of leveraging the existing relationships and the trusted partner status is working really well. And I think it was really cool that we were able to increase our synergy outlook by $100 million back in May, really just at that point was just six months after the close. I mean its a big number. And the team is not stopping there. They are focused on closing business, building a very large authorizations backlog and growing the business incredibly strongly for the long-term. So, I think its very positive. And we have earned a lot of trust over many years, and we are going to help our customers develop their medicines and do that cost effectively and rapidly so that they can really benefit patients. So, its a very exciting time in terms of our clinical research momentum.
Matt Sykes: Great. Thats great to hear. Thanks. And then just one last question. Just any commentary on demand in the European region? Just give us some of the challenges your customers may be facing there. Have you seen any change in demand from customers across your business within Europe?
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Matt, thanks for the question. So, Europe actually had a good quarter, right. And its so to say that with down double digits. And effectively, we had a very significant COVID-19 testing comparison. So, embedded under that, the core business grew very strongly, actually. So, the demand has been good, and we saw really good market conditions in bioproduction, the research and safety market channel will be examples business did really well in Europe. So, what I saw in Q2 was strong. There is obviously lots of challenges in Europe. When we put that sentence, its not a Thermo Fisher comment or an industry comment with pressures on energy prices and certainly, lots of challenges with the war in Ukraine. I think Europe will clearly be lumpy from a global economy perspective. But given our mix of business, which is very similar to the company average, we have a very large pharma biotech presence in Europe. And when you take out the COVID testing, it represents a little under 20% of our revenue. I think we will navigate that well.
Matt Sykes: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Dan Arias with Stifel. You may proceed.
Dan Arias: Good morning guys. Thank you. Stephen, maybe just back on the pricing topic.
Marc Casper: Good morning.
Dan Arias: Hey guys. How much of the pricing plan that you have for the year has been implemented at this point? Can we think about sort of a percentage of the portfolio where you have successfully pushed an increase through versus what might be left for the back half?
Stephen Williamson: Yes, Dan, thanks for the question. So, we have been very active on pricing from midway through last year. So, its not just a this year thing. And we are being appropriately adjusting as we have seeing the impacts of inflation change. And as Marc mentioned before, its kind of how do you bring our customers with us at the same time. So, we are pricing appropriately, given the economic challenges that are around and I think appropriately navigating. So, I think about that, we are going to be dynamic as we go forward. So, we will figure out what the markets look like, what the inflation looks like and adjust appropriately as we think about the second half of this year and then going into 2023. So, its kind of a constant work in process is the way I view it. The teams have actually done a very good job so far, and we will continue to navigate that way.
Dan Arias: Okay. I appreciate that. Just as a follow-up, maybe, Marc, on your follow-up to Jacks question on sort of the end market pie chart. How does the  I am curious how the Applied Science business looks for you at this point? And would you draw any distinction between the growth that you are seeing or that you think you will see for industrial versus Applied, just knowing that those two tend to get lumped together a lot. I mean do you think decoupling those do is a useful thing in all to do?
Marc Casper: Again, in terms of the industrial and Applied, we obviously continue to see good momentum. We have a good position in serving semiconductor materials science. Those are  have been strong. The Applied markets funding has been fine. So, that sector continues to be good. There is obviously global macroeconomic concerns, but generally, things continue to be strong. And we do have a different mix than we were much smaller in terms of the percentage of the total is so a different mix. We have more raw material science mix than we did back in the last recession.
Dan Arias: Yes. Okay.
Marc Casper: Thanks Dan.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Puneet Souda with SVB Securities. You may proceed.
Marc Casper: Puneet, good morning.
Puneet Souda: Hi Stephen and Marc. Thanks Marc and congrats on the quarter. Just two brief questions for me. First one on analytical technologies, that was obviously very strong in the quarter, 13% growth. I think in last quarter, you did 12%. You pointed to a strong backlog going into the quarter as well. So, just wondering sort of how sustainable is that into the second half, given that these are instruments and not sort of consumables and services that you have highlighted as being a larger part of the business. But  and anything on the analytical instruments you could share on this strength of maybe potentially continuing into 2023, given the backlog or not would be really helpful.
Marc Casper: So, Puneet, we had very strong performance in the quarter. Bookings were very strong as well. So, that gives us  thats encouraging in the second half. We also have a very large backlog, right. So, that also gives us some visibility to the second half as well, it gives us the confidence in the very strong outlook we have for the year from a core perspective. So, the signs are very good. And we are launching some amazing technology. That makes a huge difference. Like ASMS this year, I give obviously a deeper dive than normal, really affecting the workflow across a number of key applications for mass spectrometry, fantastic in terms of the feedback and momentum in the business. The same thing is true in our electron microscopy business is very strong. So, I think we are very well positioned going forward there.
Puneet Souda: Got it. Okay. And then, Marc, a high-level question for you, a bigger important question we get from sort of investors around capacity expansion. I mean Thermo has expanded capacity across multiple business lines and across PPD as well as single-use sites and agreement with Moderna and such. Are these sites in production capacity sort of fully operational sort of in 2022 timeframe and delivering to the level that you expect them to deliver, or this is more of a 2023 or 2024 timeframe when you see them coming fully online, because obviously it requires hiring of folks and getting the full facility fully ramped up. So, asking that because we get questions around capacity expansion and lower capacity. But on the flip side, when I look at it, I mean this will generate meaningfully higher revenue for you when the capacity comes online fully. So, just wondering how to think about that in like the 11% guide that you have today and the 7% to 9% longer term? Thank you.
Marc Casper: Puneet, thanks for the question. So, we picked a couple of really specific examples this quarter to highlight. I picked the example of Grand Island and Geel. And those capacity expansions or demand has been so strong for so long that we need to expand our capacity just to be able to support our future growth, right. Its just  its a different type of example, which is you deliver great results year-in, year-out, at some point, you expand your network to facilitate the gross strategy. Other of the expansions have a little more just adding new capabilities. They have been coming online this year and will continue to come online next year. So, its a mix. And its exciting in terms of in  we have really  we brought on new capacity in our self to finish. That was really the enabling the Moderna relationship expansion outside of COVID and thats really a 2023 example. And we have a number of other examples like single-use technology that we will be bringing online and we will continue to bring them on. So, its a mix, but we feel good about the blend of investments and how they will fuel our growth strategy going forward.
Rafael Tejada: Great. Thanks Puneet. Operator, we will take one more question.
Operator: Absolutely. The next question and final question comes from the line of Tejas Savant with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Tejas Savant: Hi guys. Thanks for the time. Maybe I will sneak in a two-parter here at the end. Beyond just the translational headwind from FX, Marc, do you see any signs that the strength of the dollar is beginning to weigh on customer minds, specifically in Europe and Japan? And then, Stephen, on the quarter-over-quarter sort of dip in gross margins roughly about 430 bps or so. Can you just help parse out what that bridge looks like between the COVID wind down versus FX versus other dynamics? Thank you.
Marc Casper: So, on the FX and customer impact, the movements have been very rapid and relatively recently. So, there hasnt been a lot of customer discussion, its really about where the rate is going to settle. And its also going to depend a lot on what the alternatives are. If everybody is a U.S. based cost company, then it is what it is. If you have different where are we producing, where others producing and get into some of those dynamics. So far, its been a non-issue. And we have dealt with this. The fact that I pulled out a playbook from what we had in the years past where we had rapid moves in the rates and we know how to navigate that environment a lot. Steve?
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So, on the gross margin, the gross margin came in exactly where I thought it would, so kind of in line with our expectations. I think that on a year-over-year basis, I think a lot of people are missing the impact of PPD. Its just under a 400 basis point impact on margin profile. And the rest really since the change both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year related to the mix in business in terms of testing versus other core and an element of pricing to offset inflation that also puts a little bit of pressure on margins so the other piece to it.
Marc Casper: Great. Thanks Tejas.
Tejas Savant: Thanks Steve.
Marc Casper: Let me wrap up. So, as you have heard this morning, really an excellent first half of the year. We are on track to deliver another outstanding year with great momentum and that sets us up for a very bright future. As always, thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks everyone.
Operator: That concludes the conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Thermo Fisher Scientific 2022 First Quarter Conference Call. My name is Nadia, and I'll be coordinating your call today. [Operator instructions] I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Rafael Tejada, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Tejada, you may begin the call.
Rafael Tejada: Good morning. And thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note, this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investor Section of our website thermofisher.com under the heading news and events until May 13, 2022. A copy of the press release of our first quarter 2022 earnings is available in the investor section of our website under the heading financials. So, before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute premium statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the Private Security Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which are on file with the SEC and available in the investor section of our website under the heading financials SEC filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any subsequent to today. Also, during this call, we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our first quarter and full-year 2022 earnings and also in the investor section of our website under the heading financials. So, with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thank you, Raf. Good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining us today for our first quarter call.  As you saw in our press release, we had a very strong start to the year. We delivered another quarter of excellent financial performance. Our core business is performing very well. That strength is broad based, including PPD, our clinical research business, where the integration is going smoothly and we're even more excited about the opportunities we have to further enable the success of our pharma and biotech customers. As I reflect on the quarter, I'm very pleased with the team's great execution and the share gain we saw across our business. Our continued success as the result of our proven growth strategy and our PPI business system, which continues to be a differentiator for us. It enables our team to further strengthen our company by finding a better way every day. When I think about the macro events much has changed since the start of the year. The war Ukraine, rising inflation, COVID lockdowns in China. What hasn't changed is our ability to navigate a dynamic landscape and deliver exceptional performance. You'll see that in our first quarter results and outlook for the year. So let me recap the financials. Our revenue in the quarter grew 19% year-over-year $11.82 billion. Our adjusted operating income was $3.45 billion. Our adjusted operating margin in the first quarter was 29.2%. And we delivered another quarter of strong adjusted EPS performance, achieving $7.25 per share. Let me now give you to color on the performance by our end markets. Building on the momentum from 2021 we delivered excellent performance to start the year. Our outstanding results this quarter were due to our teams strong execution, good market conditions, and share gain. We also had meaningful contribution from COVID-19 testing as we continue to support our customers needs. Starting with pharma and biotech, we had another outstanding quarter of performance delivering growth in the mid-teens. We broad base strength in this end market, as our customers value our trusted partner status. In the academic and government, we grew in the mid-single digit during the quarter, with good growth in biosciences, electron microscopy, and our research and safety market channel. Turning to industrial and applied, we grew in the mid-teens during the quarter. We saw strong growth in all of our analytical instrument businesses. Electron microscopy, chromatography, mass spectrometry and chemical analysis, as well as in the research and safety market channel.  And finally in diagnostics and healthcare, Q1 revenue declined in the mid-teens. In the core business we saw strong growth in clinical diagnostics, transplant diagnostics, and the healthcare market channel. During the quarter the team executed really well to support COVID-19 testing needs. Let me now provide an update in the progress we made in Q1, executing our proven growth strategy, which consists of three elements, a commitment to high impact innovation, scale in the high growth and emerging markets and a unique value proposition to our customers. We made great progress in the first quarter, and I'll share just a few of the highlights. Starting with the first pillar, it was a fantastic quarter for high-impact innovation, as we launched a number of new products that will help our customers break new ground in our important work. A few of the highlights. In our genetic sciences business, we launched our Applied Biosystems SeqStudio Flex Series genetic analyzer to improve clinical research and advanced scientific discovery. In Analytical Instruments, we launched four new Gas Chromatography and GCMS instruments to advance analytical testing for food, environmental, industrial, and pharmaceutical applications. This includes the Thermo Scientific TRACE 1600 Series Gas Chromatograph, which incorporates enhanced automation for instrument health monitoring, and offers flexibility for customers to optimize their workflow. In bioproduction, we launched the Gibco CTS Xenon Electroporation system for the efficient delivery of genetic material into cells, as part of cell therapy manufacturing. In addition, we signed an agreement with precision diagnostic company Oncocyte, to develop two new assays for our Ion Torrent Genexus System to improve cancer tumor profiling, and advanced precision medicine. This is just a small sampling of the outstanding innovation going on across our company, enabling our customer success and strengthening our position as the world leader in serving science. The second pillar of our growth strategy is leveraging our scale and high growth in emerging markets to create a differentiated experience for our customers. We had strong performance in these markets, including China, which grew double-digits in the quarter. Our Analytical Instruments business are being used around the world to advance scientific research, including the high growth and emerging markets. For example, in Beijing, the National Institute of Biological Sciences is using our mass spectrometers to accelerate their research in structural biology. And in Korea, our electron microscopes are enabling researchers at Pusan National University to establish a bio imaging center to accelerate virus research. Now turning to the third pillar of our growth strategy, our unique customer value proposition. We continue to enhance our capabilities, so we can be an even stronger partner and industry leader. To help our customers advance cell and gene therapies we opened a new bio repository in Vacaville, California. This facility will provide specialized biological sample storage and cell therapy logistics. In bioproduction our network expansion is going well. During the quarter, we brought on additional capacity online for single use bio process containers and cell culture media. Reflecting our trusted partner status with pharma and biotech customers, we entered a 15-year strategic collaboration agreement with Moderna to establish large scale U.S. manufacturing of mRNA-based vaccine and therapies. Under this agreement, we'll provide dedicated capacity for a range of aseptic fill-finish services, along with inspection labeling and final packaging. During the quarter, I had the chance to visit our Greenville, North Carolina campus, where we've invested significantly over the past couple of years to expand our capacity and capabilities. And the new building that will support Modernas pipeline, it's truly impressive. Now, turning to capital deployment. I'd like to share some of the other steps we've taken to further strengthen our customer value proposition and build our future. We continue to successfully execute our discipline capital deployment strategy, which is a combination of strategic M&A and returning capital to our shareholders. Given this was the first a full quarter of contribution from PPD, our new clinical research business, I'd like to update you on our progress. The business is performing very well and running ahead of the deal model, the strong start and outlook for the year is allowing us to increase our expectations for the business. Stephen will cover these details in his remarks. In terms of the integration, it's going very smoothly. Our customers are seeing the value of the combination, and we have realized our first commercial synergies securing new authorizations from pharma and biotech customers who value the combination of our capabilities, this bodes well for our long-term revenue synergies. To further fuel growth and support increasing demand from our biopharma customers, we've also invested to expand our clinical research operations in Richmond, Virginia. Finally, I've been super impressed with the team, as I've visited different sites. And together we're taking the business to the next level as part of Thermo Fisher to become an even stronger partner for our customers. As I mentioned on our last call, we closed on PeproTech, a leading provider of bioscience reagents late last year. I'm pleased to note that that business is also a great start and the integration is going incredibly well. During Q1, we completed a small bolt-on deal in analytical instruments to enhance our materials and structural analysis offering for our customers. And during the quarter, we also returned significant capitals for our shareholders. We purchasing $2 billion of our shares and increasing our dividend by 15%. Turning now to a brief update on our ESG initiatives. We marked a significant milestone during the first quarter, exceeding one million readily recyclable paper coolers ship to transport coal chain products without the use of traditional polystyrene foam coolers. This builds on our commitment to environmental stewardship and enabling broad adoption of sustainable solutions. In addition, we recently announced our partnership with the University of California in San Diego to advance an innovation, sustainability and talent development. This 10-year partnership will establish a network tech of technology centers focused on accelerating collaborative research and advancing innovations in a range of scientific fields. It will also accelerate educational opportunities, especially for under resource students, by engaging in joint stem and community outreach programs and supporting curriculum development, scholarships, fellowships, career mentoring, and recruitment Before covering guidance. I'd like to end my comments with a reflection on the events that are impacting our colleagues and the world at large. As always our top priority is the health and safety of our colleagues. We're supporting our colleagues, displaced from Ukraine with a variety of needs and together with our colleagues globally, we've made substantial donations to relief organizations, responding in Ukraine and enabling safe-haven countries. In China, where many of our colleagues are facing lengthy lockdowns and disruption in daily life due to the pandemic. We're providing care packages to residents in Shanghai who have faced limited food supplies. We're also recognize that inflation is challenging for our team, and we're going to provide a special payment this summer to our colleagues. Now, I'd like to review our 2022 guidance at a high level, and then Stephen will take you through the details. We're meaningfully raising our full year guidance. We're increasing our revenue guidance by $450 million to $42.45 billion, which would result in 8% reported revenue growth over 2021. And we're raising our 2022 adjusted EPS guidance by $0.22 to $22.65 per share. This guidance factors in are excellent Q1, includes a very strong core business outlook for the remainder of the year. And it incorporates the expected impact of the recent macroeconomic dynamics. Our Q1 results and our increased guide for the year reflects, how well the team is navigating these dynamic times. So to summarize our key takeaways from the first quarter. Our outstanding results in Q1 were driven by our proven growth strategy and PPI business system. Our business is performing very well and were gaining market share. The PPD acquisition is generating strong returns, and we're really well positioned to continue to differentiate ourselves for all of our stakeholders. All of this has enabled us to raise our outlook for 2022 and further solidify our incredibly bright future. With that I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks Marc, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in our press release, we started the year with an excellent Q1. In the quarter, we delivered 16% core organic growth, $1.68 billion of COVID-19 testing revenue, $7.25 for adjusted earnings per share, and $1.6 billion of free cash flow. Revenue in Q1 was just over $1 billion higher than we'd incorporated in our previous 2022 guidance, with $700 million driven by a very strong start of the year for the core business and just under $400 million from testing. The strength of the core was brought-based across businesses and markets and geographies. Our PPI business system enabled us to generate very strong pull through on this revenue and adjusted EPS for Q1 was $0.84 higher than included in our previous guidance. So broad-based beat to start the year. Let me now provide you with some more details on our performance. Beginning with our earnings results, and as I mentioned we delivered $7.25 of adjusted EPS in Q1, up 1% versus the prior year. GAAP EPS in the quarter was $5.61 down 5% versus the prior year. On the top line, a Q1 reported revenue grew 19% year-over-year. The components of our Q1 reported revenue increase included 3% organic revenue growth and 18% contribution from acquisitions and a headwind of 2% from foreign exchange. Core organic revenue growth in the quarter was 16% and as I mentioned, we delivered $1.68 billion of COVID-19 testing revenue. Turning to our organic revenue performance by geography. The organic growth rates by region are skewed by the COVID-19 testing revenue in the current and prior year. In Q1, North America grew in the low-single digits. Europe was flat. Asia Pacific grew in the mid-teens, with China growing in the low-double digits. And rest of the world declined in low-single digits. With respect to our operational performance, adjusted operating income in the quarter decreased 2% and adjusted operating margin was 29.2%, 620 basis points lower than Q1 last year. Adjusted operating margins came in slightly higher than we'd have anticipated in our prior guidance for Q1 reflecting how well our growth strategy and PPI business system enables us to manage dynamic times. We executed strong pricing realization, productivity and volume leveraging the core business enabling us to appropriately address higher inflation, and this was more than offset by the expected impacts of incorporating PPD into our financials, lower testing volumes and the impact of strategic investments including continued investments in our colleagues. Moving on to the details of the P&L, total company adjusted gross margin in the quarter came in at 47.5%, 660 basis points lower than Q1 last year. For the first quarter, the change in gross margin was due to the same drivers as those of our adjusted operating margin. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 15.2% of revenue, a decrease of 20 basis points versus Q1 2021. Total R&D expense was approximately $360 million in Q1 representing growth of 14% over the prior year, reflecting our ongoing investments in high impact innovation to fuel future growth. Looking at results below the lines of the quarter, our net interest expense was $118 million, $5 million higher than Q1 last year largely due to acquisition financing activities. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 14.1%. This was a 190 basis points lower than Q1 last year, driven by a tax planning initiative. Average diluted shares with $395 million in Q1, approximately $3 million lower year-over-year driven by share purchases, net of option dilution. Turning to cash flow on the balance sheet. Cash flow was another strong highlight for the quarter. Our PPI business system enables to deliver significant cash flow from the very strong top line performance. Cash flow from operating activities in Q1 was $2.2 billion, and free cash flow for the quarter was $1.6 billion. Our capacity and capability investments are progressing well and this quarter's net capital expenditures with $640 million. In January we returned $2 billion of the capital to shareholders through buybacks. Also during the quarter we increased our dividend by 15%. We ended Q1 with approximately $2.8 billion in cash and $33.3 billion of total debt. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 2.6 times gross debt-to-adjusted EBITDA, and 2.4 times on net debt basis. And concluding my comments and our total company performance, adjusted ROIC with 18% reflecting the strong returns on investments that we're generating across the company. Now provide some color on the performance about four business segments. Let me start with a couple of framing comments. The scale and margin profile of our COVID-19 testing revenue varies by segment and testing revenue was significantly higher in the prior year quarter, so that does skew some of the reported segment margins. And as previously mentioned we're referring to the acquired PPD business as our clinical research business, and that resides in the laboratory products and biopharma services segment. So moving onto the segment details, starting with Life Sciences Solutions. Q1 reported revenue in this segment increased 1% and organic revenue was 1% lower than the prior year quarter. In Q1 we delivered very strong growth in our bioproduction and biosciences businesses. This was upset by lower revenue in the genetic sciences business driven by lower testing revenue versus the year ago quarter. Q1 adjusted operating income and Life Science Solutions decreased 5% and adjusted operating margin was 51.4% down to 280 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we delivered strong productivity that was more than offset by business mix and strategic investments. In the Analytical Instruments Segment reported revenue increased 9% in Q1 and organic growth was 12%. The strong growth in the segment this quarter was led by electron microscopy and chromatography and mass spectrometry businesses. Q1 adjusted operating income in a segment increased 10% and adjusted operating margin was 19.8% up 20 basis points year-over-year. During the quarter, we delivered strong volume pull through and productivity, that was offset by strategic investments we're making across this segment. Turning to Specialty Diagnostics. In Q1 reported revenue declined 8% and organic revenue declined 7%. In the quarter, we saw a strong underlying growth in our healthcare market channel, transplant diagnostics and clinical diagnostics businesses, which was offset by lower COVID-19 testing revenue versus the year ago quarter. Q1 adjusted operating income decreased 17% in the quarter and adjusted operating margin was 23.9% down 260 basis points from the prior year. In Q1, we drove strong productivity. This was more than offset by business mix and the strategic investments in the segment. And finally in the Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment, in Q1 reported revenue in the segment increased 51% and organic growth was 6%. During Q1, we had strong growth in the research and safety market channel and the laboratory products, businesses. PPD, our clinical research business is performing very well. And during the quarter, it grew a few points above the company average core organic growth rate. It contributed $1.66 billion of revenue to the segment in the quarter. Q1 adjusted operating income in the segment increased 17% and adjusted operating margin was 11.4%, which is 340 basis points lower than the prior year. In the quarter, we drove strong productivity, which is more than offset by strategic investments and business mix. Let me now turn to our updated 2022 guidance, as Marc outlined, were raising our full year revenue guidance by $450 million to $42.45 billion. We're also raising our core organic revenue growth outlook from 8% to 9% for the year. And on the bottom line, we're increasing our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.22 to $22.65 for the year. So very strong outlook, particularly as it also factors in the notable macro developments that occurred following our last earnings call in February. Our team continues to do an excellent job navigating through a fluid macroeconomic environment to help us deliver outstanding results, reflecting the strength of our proven growth strategy and the power of the PPI Business System to operate with speed at scale. So, let me get into the details of the guidance raise, in terms of revenue there are three elements driving the raising guidance, $350 million higher assumed COVID-19 testing revenue for the year, a $200 million decrease due to the change in FX rates and a $300 million increase in the outlook for the core business. The core revenue raise incorporates a $350 million headwinds from the conflict in Ukraine and the lockdowns in China. And we chose to de-risk $600 million of vaccines and therapies revenue in the outlook, offsetting it with other core revenue. Our guidance now assumes $1.5 billion of COVID-19 vaccines and therapies revenue in total for 2022. Incorporating both of these and still being able to raise the full year outlook for the core shows that the business is performing very well. And as I mentioned previously, we're increasing the core organic growth outlook from 8% to 9% for the year. In terms of like COVID-19 testing revenue assumption, continuing the same de-risk approach to guidance as there a range of outcomes for the year. Our guidance now assumes $2.1 billion of testing revenue in 2022, which represents the $1.68 billion delivered in Q1, $225 million in Q2. And then an assumed endemic run rate level of a $100 million of revenue per quarter in the second half of the year. There are scenarios where testing demand could be higher than this level. And should that be the case? We're well positioned to support customer needs as we did in Q1 and we'll flow these benefits through our P&L, but for now we thought it was prudent to continue to take a de-risk approach to the outlook. In terms of profitability, we expected to deliver $90 million more adjusted operating income up to $450 million raise in revenue guidance. This reflects strong pull through on the additional revenue, partially offset by a $150 million of additional compensation to our colleagues to help them with the temporary impacts of insulation. We continue to expect the adjusted operating margin to be 25.4% in 2022. In terms of adjusted EPS, our stronger business outlook is enabling us to raise the 2022 adjusted EPS guidance by $0.22 from $22.43 to $22.65 further building on an already very strong outlook for the year. Let me provide you with a couple of other details on the 2022 guidance to help you with your models. PPD our clinical research business is now expected to deliver $6.7 billion in 2022 in revenue, which represents 11% core organic growth on a full year basis for this business, up three percentage points from our previous guidance. We now expect the business to deliver just over a $1 billion of adjusted operating income in 2022 and contribute a $1.98 to adjusted EPS in the year up $0.08 from our prior guidance. FX is now expected to be a year-over-year headwind of $700 million on revenue, or 1.8% and $0.54 on adjusted EPS. We continue to expect net interest expense of approximately $490 million for the year. We now expect an adjusted income tax rate of 13.1% in 2022, slightly higher than the prior guide driven by the improved earnings outlook. We continue to assume net capital expenditures of approximately $2.5 billion to $2.7 billion and free cash flow of approximately $7 billion. A guidance still assumes $2.5 billion of capital deployment, which is the $2 billion of share buybacks that we completed in January and $475 million of capital to return to shareholders through dividends. And we now estimate that the full year average diluted share count will be between 394 million and 395 million shares. And finally, a couple of comments on phasing to help you with your modeling, revenue dollars for the remainder of the year they're expected to be fairly linear with Q4 being slightly higher than Q2 and Q3. Core organic growth for Q2 is expected to be lower than Q3 and Q4 due to an estimated 200 basis point impact of lockdowns in China. And in terms of adjusted EPS phasing, we expect Q2 as a percentage of the full year to be just slightly lower than the comparable periods last year. To conclude we'd live an excellent start to the year, and we're in a great position to achieve our 2022 goals. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Raf.
Rafael Tejada: Thank you, Stephen. Operator, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Jack Meehan of Nephron Research. Jack, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. Hope you guys are doing well. My question  are on the Biopharma side. First question on clinical research so PPD growing over 20%, that's well above historical levels and what peers have been reporting so far. Just what is driving the acceleration? Can you comment on industry funding and your ability to gain share?
Marc Casper: Yes, Jack, thanks for the question. So our clinical research business, formally PPD off to a great start. As a reminder, the business had tremendous success in 2021 delivering great performance, great authorizations, even from especially after the announcement, just incredibly focused on great execution. Customers are excited about the potential and that momentum continued into Q1. Very strong performance on revenue and really good growth and authorizations. As I look at what's going on in the industry and look at some of the other companies that have reported, our results look favorable to the results that we saw. So we feel good about that, as an external reference point. And the switch strength within PPD was broad based across the different customer types, the funding environment, it was actually a great start to the year. Integration's gone really well. We feel good about that, and I'm really excited that commercial team has secured our first wins that are what I would call synergy related in the form of new authorization. So really a very cool start to the year, and we're excited about what the potential holds for our clinical research business.
Jack Meehan: Great. And as a second question, I wanted to square the new $1.5 billion target for the COVID vaccines and therapies with your ability to raise the core growth overall. So, if I look at the Patheon and bioprocessing businesses are they still growing high single digit plus is the COVID handoff taking place. And kind of, off that just, can you comment on how changing doses per vial and the new Moderna strategic relationship might factor into this?
Marc Casper: Yes, so Jack thanks. It's a great question. We made a decision on the guidance on vaccines and therapies, actually just because the number of questions we were getting from investors relative to our enterprise value and the sort of net present value of the company was disproportionate, right? So, we just basically said, we had a really good start on vaccines and therapies for the year. We did just under $500 million of revenue, which was what we expected to do. The $2.1 billion that we put in the original guidance of vaccine therapy related revenue is actually still a number that can be achieved. I call it at the high end of the range. And as you know, we're involved in so many of the programs, we're involved in the vaccine programs and the therapy programs we're involved in the drug substance and the drug product. We're involved in the enabling technology. So it's across many of our different capabilities and we feel good about it. We chose to effectively reduce the number in the, sort of in the target because the core business is performing so well that we just wanted to take the dialogue really off the table, as you know the capacity that makes these products and provides the enabling technologies is truly repurposable to other customers and to other products within the biologic field. So, we're very encouraged by that. And then to your question, we are expecting very strong growth for our pharma services and our bioproduction business in 2022 and beyond. So Jack thanks for the questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly of Citi. Patrick, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. Marc, maybe on the China piece, I know Stephen touched on a 200 bit headwind for 2Q. Can you just talk about what you're seeing there, which businesses are being affected more than others? Obviously we're seeing Beijing entering the conversation this week, I guess, what have you guys assumed there in terms of escalations or what's going to happen. And then again are certain businesses poised to recover more quickly than others. Just curious your perspective there.
Marc Casper: Patrick, thanks for the question. So, the team really did an excellent job in Q1 navigating the lockdowns as started towards the end of the quarter to deliver double-digit growth and to really work with the government to be able to supply the critical products that we provide to the customer base there, even in difficult circumstances. Very impressive. What our assumption is actually fairly straightforward. We're looking at the back half of the year that Q3 and Q4 are normal in China, back to strong growth. And as you know, the business there rebounded super quickly after the Q1 of 2020 disruption. So the economy is there is quite resilient. Our assumption is in this quarter, there's a couple points of headwind. We're baking into the numbers because the number of the customers are closed. Academic institutions in Shanghai would be closed so that, it'll take, a period of time for that to rebound and as activity ramps back up. So that's how we're thinking about it in terms of the quarter. And we were able to fully bake that into our guidance and Stephen in the revenue phasing, views, try to make it clearer that what our outlook is for Q2, which is still quite good, but feels a little bit of that pressure and then Q3, Q4 picks up from there.
Patrick Donnelly: Sure. That's helpful. Thanks Marc. And then maybe just another one on the bioprocessing vaccine piece, appreciate the transparency in terms of what that looks like this year? Obviously to your point, it's a big investor focus even into 2023, is there a way to think of that $1.5 billion as we get into next year? I know you guys have rolled it into core and kind of thought, the rest of the bioprocessing business will mostly offset it. It's going to be a gradual decline. Has that thinking changed at all? Just wondering on your high-level perspective, how to think about that piece as we move forward. Thank you.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Patrick, thanks for the follow-up on that. So, I would think about it, the following, the timing of the transition and what the long-term demand for COVID there are so many scenarios, it's very hard to say which quarter, which year exactly how things play out, right? Because the capacity is re-purposable we will move that over time. And in our long-term model that Stephen presented last September, it effectively reflects that that's all transitioned by the end of the model period. So that it was part of core. It doesn't affect the 7% to 9% long-term outlook. As I looked to 2023, I mean, as a reminder, we play a role in both therapies and vaccines. So, they are on different cycles and different scenarios, which is, I think, most scenarios have the pandemic existing in some endemic form next year. And therefore, therapy demand should exist with some level of consistency and vaccines is a wide range of out outcomes. Obviously the smaller, vial, the single use actually drives more revenue per thing. So, you have a lot of moving pieces. And our job is to manage all of that, manage the transition at the right timeframe and we will. I think the one piece of new information that, I think, is interesting is one of our customers, not in the top tier of the activity level within COVID, actually just repurposed its own commitments to other therapies and activities. So that was actually made that transition even smoother for a portion of it. And basically, in the future basically is taking the commitments and say, when they don't need COVID capacity, they're going to basically use it for other thing. So, hopefully all that color gives you a sense that we'll manage that over time and will continue to deliver strong growth as a company.
Patrick Donnelly: Very helpful. Thanks Marc.
Marc Casper: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America. Derik, please go ahead your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Marc Casper: Good morning.
Derik De Bruin: I've got one model question and then I've got one big picture question. So, on the model, can you walk us through the gross margin progression in 2022? We see things seems to continually sort of miss model the gross margin. Can you help us walk us through and understand the FX myths and inflation through headwinds are going through?
Stephen Williamson: Yes, so Derik so let's think about the gross margins this quarter kind of another 47.5% level be slightly lower for the remainder of the year and still in the year in that kind of mid-40s. And I think what people are not fully baking in is the impact of PPD. That has sizeable change to the overall company's gross margin when you factor that in. And then FX is a little bit of negative in terms of the margin profile. But it's really the impact of testing coming down and then the benefit of having PPD in the business. I think that's probably the thing that's missing the most.
Derik De Bruin: Got it. That's helpful. And I wanted ask about the Moderna agreement because it's really surprising to see 15-year agreement sitting in our space. It's just not really done. Can you talk about that in terms of like, what is sort of driving that and is there something you sort of see that you can do with other people in the biotech space? And you also mentioned some synergy wins with PPD, how should we think about that in the longer-term targets on PPD?
Marc Casper: Yes, so, Derik, thanks for the question. So, as you know, we never really talk about specific customers unless a customer is announcing this on their own behalf, and then we're more than happy to make some high-level comments, right, because it's really, our job is to support our customers activity. I think that our take is that we did a really good job of supporting our clients during the course of the pandemic across all of the different activities. And that enhanced our reputation, our trusted partner status with our customers. And as in the case of Moderna they had the opportunity to work with us and decided to leverage our capabilities in Greenville, North Carolina, and our expertise to support their future pipeline from a sterile fill finish perspective. And it's super exciting in terms of the capabilities of the things that we will support longer term from them there. We have many different models of how we work with our clients in our pharma services business. And it's our job to support them in the best way that they want. We do have what we call condo models, where customers have some dedicated capacity. We have the traditional fee-for-service models. And then we have some other innovative ones. The other public one obviously was announced a couple years ago, which was CSL, right, which is, we took over one of their facilities, we're going to be manufacturing one of their new therapies and they are expanding the collaboration with us. So, it's a long menu of options and our job is to help our customers navigate their future and be really valuable to them.
Rafael Tejada: Thanks Derik.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Tejas Savant of Morgan Stanley. Tejas please go ahead, your line is open.
Tejas Savant: Hi guys. Good morning. And thanks for the time here. Mark, a question for you on pricing, you've spoken in the past about taking elevated pricing increases your perhaps 2x the normalized level in 2022. Can you just refresh that assumption for us in the context of the sharper inflation here? And philosophically, how do you think about the point at which you need to be a little bit careful about starting to impact customer demand perhaps more in some segments than others?
Marc Casper: Yes, it's a great question, right. So, when we think about living and navigating through an inflationary environment, our team is doing a good job of managing productivity and managing cost and mitigating what can be mitigated. So, I'm very pleased with that. Our expectation for pricing is  and in normally as you know, it's a half point to a point of price that we get within our business. And this year we would expect that price would be about double the high end of that range or about two points of price within our outlook for the year. So, it's our job to support our customers, to explain the inflations and where we can offset it and where we need customers to support us. And those dialogues have been constructive and positive.
Tejas Savant: Got it. That's helpful. And then one quick follow-up on PPD. Any color you can share on RFP flow, there has been a little bit of a focus on delays and cancellations, particularly among sort of midcap biotech customers here. Obviously, you had strong performance in the quarter, you are taking your numbers up for the deal. But just curious if you can pass out sort of any commentary on that specific segment of their customer base?
Marc Casper: Yes. So, when I look at the performance, I look at the pipeline, I look at the authorizations, which is the new wins. When I look at the revenue, when I cut it by the different types of customers, we had a really strong start to the year. When I look at, I read not all, but some of the different commentary, and the differing views out there my take is, is that there was nothing abnormal in cancellations in the quarter, there was no trend to any of that. And actually we are on track to deliver very strong results, but the 11% growth that we're looking at for this year is really impressive because last year we're spectacular, right? In terms of the growth that the business delivered. So against a challenging comp that's really, really encouraging, and authorization support that for this year, but also support the long-term expectations that this is a high single digit growth business. And when we drive, synergies, it can be better than that. So, super cool times, but obviously early.
Tejas Savant: Thank you.
Marc Casper: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the Vijay Kumar [Evercore]. Vijay, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar : Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations in a really strong Q1 start. Maybe one on guidance here, perhaps for Stephen. I think your prior guidance call for high singles and that high singles was consistent across base vaccine and PPD [ph] just given, given a vaccine outlook is now I think down 15%, 20% versus last year. How much is the core, base going up and how much is PPD going up under the new guidance assumptions?
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So, Vijay, so outline in the prepared remarks, the strength of the PPD business is going up to 11% for the year. So that would be a strong contribution and can you characterize the vaccines and therapies, and then we're offsetting that all of that from vaccines therapy and it increasing our guidance. So the core business is increasing $350 million in the raise. So going up to 8% to 9% strong performance. And that's obviously taking into an account and that switching back in the therapies to core, and offsetting the impact of the macroeconomic implications in China and situation in Ukraine.
Vijay Kumar : That's helpful Stephen and Marc maybe one for you here. I know that the street is worried about the outlook just given the macro, the 16% core and Q1 versus a 13% comp. And we're looking at stock comp of close to 30%. I mean, these are really, really strong, and I understand pharma biotech, perhaps being strong but looks like all segments are on fire. Maybe just talk about end markets health of end markets, and when you think about the upcoming Analyst Day, what kind of approach should we expect from Thermo, will vaccines be get rest will it be the rest approach or any thoughts and what we can expect into the analyst? It will be helpful.
Marc Casper: Yes. I mean, I can't wait until May 18. It'll be super cool. We're going to have it back in person. It'll be a great way to showcase our team and showcase the great things going on at the company. And we'll explain some of the stuff today in some more detail. And so it'll be very positive from that perspective. When I think about the business, right, we highlighted some of the macroeconomic dynamics, right? Because if you watch TV, you read the papers, you're on the internet, whatever it is that you get the external world, it's a bumpy time in the world, but when you get within our four walls right now, it is awesome. I mean, it is an amazing time of the company the momentum is huge. The customers are doing well, we are gaining markets share, and it is super cool. And so, when I think about that environment of delivering 16% core growth against, a very challenging comparison, right? I think from recollection, we had 53% organic growth last year, and I think 13% base growth, and we had bookings that were even stronger than our revenue. So it gives you a sense of how good things are and all the geographies, all of the end markets were actually quite good. Right. So, I feel good about the outlook. I feel good about the momentum we were able to de-risk the vaccines and therapies, even though, I think there are scenarios that is going to be above that sort of de-risk level. And so I think, the world is super positive and, when I think about the macro, I worry about our colleagues. Like I worry about our colleagues in China. I worry about our 300 colleagues in Ukraine. That's the kind of stuff that when I read about macro, that's really where my concern is. It's less about the business self associated with it.
Vijay Kumar : It's helpful perspective, Marc. Thank you.
Marc Casper: Thanks Vijay.
Operator: Thank you. And then next question comes from Rachel [indiscernible] of JPMorgan. Rachel, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks and congrats on the quarter. So question on China, you flag the guidance incorporates the $350 million headwind from Ukraine and China. So could you just break out how much of that is specifically in China? And then can you talk about your approach to guidance just in terms of future lockdowns and how we should think about China growth return in 2023?
Stephen Williamson: Yes, so roughly, Rachel, roughly half of that is related to China. And as Marc said it earlier on that China bounced back from the original depth of the pandemic pretty fast, and it's pretty resilient economy. So, we've learned from that to help our customers get a pack up and running where they've been out of the out of the workplace. And we're very focused on enabling that success when they're able to get back to positions of work.
Marc Casper: Our guidance assumes it's all in Q2 in terms of construction for China.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks. And then could you spend a minute talking about what you're seeing in the clinical environment in terms of hospital capacity constraints and how funding is trending as well? Thanks.
Marc Casper: Yes. So in terms of healthcare and diagnostics the core there was actually quite good. When I think about we had broad-based strength in terms of core growth there in the high single digits. So, I feel good about that. And there was obviously some level of COVID disruptions and things of that sort, but in aggregate, the results were strong across healthcare and diagnostics. And obviously we had less revenue in the testing, which is why the customer base is down, down roughly 15%, but underlying that the core is  was quite good and feels like that outlook will continue to be positive. Thanks for asking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Puneet Souda of SVB Leerink Securities. Puneet, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Puneet Souda: Yes. Hi, Marc. Thanks for taking the questions. So first one it really from your vantage point which is obviously fairly large across pharma end markets, could you provide us a view into this growing question that investors have been asking around biotech funding overall? I mean, if you look at the quarter and what you are projecting in the outlook, one would say that's not the case at all. There are no questions on biotech funding, but if you look at the early stages of pre-clinical and clinical and maybe clinical trials overall, maybe could you outline for us what you're seeing here near-to-midterm and pay down [indiscernible], PPD and other businesses across the board?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Puneet, what I would say is the end market, pharma biotech incredibly strong with the mid-teens growth organically and if you  because we do everything on an organic basis in our end market description as opposed to a core organic, as it gets too confusing to think about all the history, but if you included the PPD numbers in that end market, it would be better than the mid-teens. So very strong orders which is a good indication, now the future is really strong, right? So the activity level is very good and the outlook is very strong. And when we have our  we've completed all of our business reviews and we talk about what are they seeing within those different customer base? Actually, the outlook is good. So one way to think about is at a company level, you take a long-term perspective, right? We say our 7% to 9% core organic growth. Pharma biotech will be above that, but when you kind of work your way through the math around the assumptions, it doesn't nearly need to be the rate that is growing at to drive 7% to 9% growth, right? We had a 15% growth in pharma and biotech, and we grew 16% in the quarter, right? So when you have strong growth in that end market given that it's a little more than half our revenue, it really flows through hugely. And given the last 10-plus years, even longer than that of the growth we've been able to deliver in pharma and biotech, I'm super bullish about what our outlook is. And I can even remember I was here with the patent clips like years and years and years and years ago, and we actually grew well through those because we helped our customers navigate productivity challenges that they were facing. That was a large pharma dynamic and a long-time ago, but we're so attuned to our customer needs we helped them through it. So that's how I think about it, and I feel great about what the outlook is.
Puneet Souda: That's super helpful, Marc. Just a clarification that Stephen on the analytical technologies, it obviously came in a strong you pointed to electron microscopy from targeted mass spec couple of those elements. And maybe could you elaborate what's driving this growth. I mean, when we looked at it even with the normal seasonality of the fourth quarter to first quarter, this was meaningfully strong. So what's driving the strength of the instruments in the first quarter when you look at the end markets and customers? Thank you.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So Puneet a great question. So I think about Analytical Instruments is we've had great bookings for few quarters now for the business, and as Marc mentioned at the beginning that really strength across all three aspects of that segment. And then I highlighted the two that the most significant contributors electron microscopy is in great position in terms of serving life science customers, as well as material science applications including very strong growth in semiconductor applications for, for that customer set, and a great growth in Chromatography and Mass Spectrometry as well. So it's a really broad-based strength across there and funding environment is been good for the end market.
Rafael Tejada: Thanks for the question. Thanks, Puneet.
Puneet Souda: Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Dan Arias of Stifel. Dan, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Dan Arias: Good morning guys. Thanks for the questions. Marc, on bio-production beyond COVID, are there any ships through noticeable trends that are taking place when it just comes to upstream versus downstream work in the portfolios that you have there? I mean, obviously the cell culture piece is driving a lot of what's going on, but just across the portfolio, I'm curious to whether there's any nuance to what you're seeing?
Marc Casper: No, actually the performance was very strong. I looked at obviously the other companies that reported. I feel good about our performance in the bio-production defined that that way. And we had good strength in cell culture media, purification resins, pharma analytics and single-use technology. So actually, no, there's nothing there that sort of we gleaned in terms of that some difference. So actually its quite broad-based to strength.
Dan Arias: Yes. Okay. And then maybe just on the share that you mentioned. How does China stack up there in terms of the opportunity and what you've seen just with the thought being that sometimes these global disruptions tend to shake out some of the smaller or the less agile players? I'm wondering if regionally that's becoming more noticeable or whether it's just sort of the baseline operating scenario that you see.
Marc Casper: Yes. We're still looking at how others performed in China in the quarter. So I feel good about our double-digit growth and team's doing a nice job and the momentum is broad base. So our customers do value the scale and the depth of capabilities that we have. Like we really create a spectacular experience for our customers in China, so it doesn't surprise me that the business is performing well and we'll help them navigate the very challenging time with the pandemic and then get back to business as usual as that wanes.
Rafael Tejada: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question today comes from Matt Sykes of Goldman Sachs. Matt, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matt Sykes: Great. Thanks Marc and Stephen. Congrats on the quarter. I just wanted to drill down a little bit more on the industrial applied end market as it relates to instruments, yet another strong quarter. Are there some secular growth drivers that you think are being underappreciated by the market is driving this growth above and beyond maybe some of the pent-up demand we saw last year? And maybe just maybe talk about some of the secular growth drivers, if you can identify them?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Matt thanks for the  thanks for the final question. Yes. So as Stephen said the Analytical Instruments business had a really good start to the year. Good growth and revenue and really strong growth in bookings. I would say that the one end-market that's really; really humming is what I call broadly the material science applications, semiconductor advanced materials, battery technologies, really very strong growth. That's not implying that the life science is very healthy and doing well, and the businesses are doing really well. But I'd say the continued demand and outlook for the material science related business is really strong and that bodes really well for the growth of our instruments business this year and into next. So that would be the thing I'd probably highlight.
Marc Casper: Thanks for the question today. And let me do a quick wrap up. So thanks everyone for joining the call. We're very pleased with the strong start and we're in a very good position to achieve another excellent year. And I look forward to updating you at our upcoming Investor Day on May 18th, and as always, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call thank call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2021 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. My name is Katie, and I'll be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Rafael Tejada, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Tejada, you may begin the call.
Rafael Tejada: Good morning and thank you for joining us on the call. With me today is Marc Casper, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading News and Events until February 11, 2022. A copy of the press release of our fourth quarter 2021 earnings is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials. So, before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various words that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which are on file with the SEC and available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials SEC filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any subsequent to today. Also, during this call, we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials. So, with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thank you, Raf. Good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining us today for our fourth quarter call and a wrap-up of a truly exceptional year for Thermo Fisher Scientific. We delivered another quarter of very strong results. And as I reflect on the year, three things stand out to me. Our proven growth strategy powered by our PPI Business System continues to drive outstanding financial performance. Customer demand is strong. Our core business is performing very well, we're gaining market share and we continue to play a leading role in the societal response to COVID-19. And finally, we continue to build on our trusted partner status with our customers. All of this gives me great confidence in a very bright future as we continue to create sustainable value for all of our stakeholders. I'll get into more detail in my remarks later, but first, let me recap the financials. Starting with the quarter, our revenue was $10.7 billion. Adjusted operating income was $3.16 billion. And our adjusted operating margin was 29.5%. Adjusted EPS was $6.54 per share. Turning to our results for the full year, we grew revenue by 22% to $39.21 billion in 2021. Adjusted operating income increased 27% to $12.14 billion. We expanded our adjusted operating margin by 130 basis points to 31%. And we delivered a 28% increase in adjusted EPS to $25.13 per share. Building on the tremendous success that we had in 2020, I'm incredibly proud of our team's stellar performance in 2021. It's really a testament to the strength of our global team and our proven growth strategy, resulting in another year of exceptional financial results and share gain. Let me now give you a color on the results for the quarter and the year, starting with pharma and biotech. We had outstanding performance delivering growth over 20% in the fourth quarter and over 25% for the full year. In addition to strong market dynamics, these results were driven by a unique customer value proposition and our leading goal in supporting our customers across a wide range of exciting therapeutic areas, including our role in supporting COVID-19 vaccines and therapies. During the year, we saw broad-based strength across our businesses in this end market, including our bioproduction, pharma services, biosciences, chromatography and mass spectrometry businesses as well as in the research and safety market channel. In academic and government, we declined in the low single-digits during in the quarter against strong demand in the year-ago period and grew in the low double digits for the full year. During the year, we saw very good growth across a range of our businesses, particularly biosciences, electron microscopy and our research and safety market channel. Turning to industrial and applied, we grew in the low teens during the quarter, and we grew in the high teens for the full year. During the year, we saw strong growth in our electron microscopy, and chromatography and mass spectrometry businesses as well as in the research and safety market channel. Finally, in diagnostics and health care, Q4 revenue was 30% lower than the prior year quarter, and revenue grew in the high single digits for the full year. Throughout the year the team executed really well to support customers' testing needs. And in the base business, we had strong growth in our immunodiagnostics and transplant diagnostics businesses. Before I move to our growth strategy, let me provide a few comments on our role in the pandemic response. In the quarter, we generated $2.45 billion in COVID-19 response related revenue. This was driven by the emergence of the Omicron variant, which led to strong testing demand as well as our significant role in enabling vaccine and therapy production. Throughout 2021, we continue to operate with speed at scale to meet our customers' needs related to COVID-19 and generated total response revenue of over $9 billion, of which $2 billion were from vaccines and therapies. I'm very proud of the role that we continue to play around the world to enable our customers and governments to fight the pandemic. At the same time, we're executing our core business strategy incredibly well. Let me provide an update on the progress we made in 2021, executing our proven growth strategy, which consists of three elements, as you know, developing high-impact innovative new products, leveraging our scale in the high-growth and emerging markets, and delivering a unique value proposition to our customers. We made outstanding progress in 2021. Let me share a few of the highlights. Starting with the first pillar. It was a fantastic year of high-impact innovation. In 2021, we launched a number of new products across our businesses, strengthening our industry leadership and enabling our customers to advance their important work. In our bioproduction business, we launched a high-performer DynaDrive single-use bioreactor. Available in sizes up to 5,000 liters, this latest advancement in our DynaDrive single-use bioreactor technology brings the benefits of single-use technologies to unprecedented volumes and performance and ensures consistent scalability from pilot scale studies through commercial production. In chromatography and mass spectrometry, we continue to innovate across life sciences research and biopharmaceutical development. During the year, we extended the impact of our industry-leading Orbitrap platform to bring high-resolution analysis to a range of applications, including toxicology and metabolomics. And during the fourth quarter, we launched the Thermo Scientific Orbitrap Exploris MX mass detector, providing high-throughput analysis to improve the development and production of biopharmaceutical. In electron microscopy, we introduced the Thermo Scientific Helios 5EXL wafer dual beam scanning electron microscope to support the development of increasingly smaller and more complex semiconductors. And in genetic sciences, our new Applied Biosystems' QuantStudio 7 Pro Dx real-time PCR system, launched in Q4, enables clinical testing laboratories to accelerate molecular diagnostics. The second pillar of our growth strategy is leveraging our scale in the high-growth emerging markets to create a differentiated experience for our customers. We continue to strengthen our capabilities serving these markets, and I'll highlight a few examples. To increase our capacity for single-use technology, we opened new manufacturing sites in China and Singapore to serve both local and global demand from biopharma customers. In South Korea, we continue to enhance our own capabilities with customer-focused innovation centers for both the semiconductor industry and our biopharma customers. These additional capabilities position us really well to support our customers' needs. The third pillar of our growth strategy is our unique customer value proposition. We've continued to significantly accelerate organic investments in our capabilities and added capacity to be an even better partner for our customers. In 2021, we invested $2.5 billion in capital to meet short- and long-term customer demand. Highlights included expansion of our sterile fill/finish network, bioproduction, enzymes, nucleotide, plasmids and lab products capacity. As always, our PPI Business System and our mission-driven culture were major factors in our success during the year. They enable the rapid execution of our capital investments and help us find a better way every day so we can continue to bring innovative new solutions to our customers, work more efficiently and effectively, and operate with speed at scale to create even greater value for all of our stakeholders. Turning to capital deployment, we were very active again this year, which further strengthened our customer value proposition. We continue to successfully execute our disciplined capital deployment strategy, which is a combination of strategic M&A and returning capital to our shareholders. In 2021, we were very active, investing $24 billion in M&A and completing ten transactions to further strengthen our customer value proposition. This was highlighted by the addition of PPD, which we closed in December. We're super excited to have our PPD colleagues as part of the company and share their expertise as we work together to enhance innovation and productivity for our pharma and biotech customers. PPD is performing at a very high level. The business delivered great results in 2021 and is entering 2022 with outstanding momentum, significantly ahead of our original expectations at the time of the deal announcement. The customer feedback has been extremely positive and we're excited about the pipeline of opportunities that we're building. We're executing our proven integration methodology, which is a key element of our PPI Business System to create value for all of our stakeholders. We're well positioned to deliver year three cost synergies of $75 million and $50 million in operating income from revenue synergies. And we're on track to deliver $40 million in cost synergies in 2022. At the end of the year, we completed the acquisition of PeproTech, a leading provider of recombinant proteins, which is an excellent complement to our industry-leading biosciences business. In 2021, we also returned $2.4 billion of capital to our shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends. Turning to a brief update on the progress of our ESG priorities, I'm very proud that over the past year we significantly advanced our environmental, social and governance initiatives. Our mission, to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer has never been more relevant. Highlights this year include our commitment to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. This builds on our earlier goal to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 30% across our operations by 2030. Enhancing the reporting and transparency through our expanded corporate social responsibility report and alignment of multiple ESG reporting frameworks. And we're actively engaging with our community. Our Foundation for Science reached more than 100,000 students globally through our STEM education programs. Our goal is to make a very positive impact in the communities in which we live and work. With that, I'd like to now review our 2022 guidance at a high level, and then Stephen will take you through the details. We're significantly raising both our revenue and earnings guidance. This increase is a result of both the strong performance of our core business and an increase in the assumption for COVID-19 testing-related revenue. We're raising our 2022 full year revenue guidance by $1.5 billion to $42 billion, which would result in 7% revenue growth over 2021. And we're increasing our 2022 adjusted EPS guidance by $1.07 to $22.43 per share. So to summarize our key takeaways from 2021; we executed very well to continue our growth momentum and deliver outstanding financial performance. Our business is performing very well, and we're gaining market share. Our exceptional performance in 2021 and momentum entering 2022, enabled us to raise our outlook for 2022, and we're incredibly well positioned for the future. Our proven growth strategy positions us to deliver long-term core organic revenue growth of 7% to 9%. With that, I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in our press release, in Q4, we delivered an excellent quarter, capping off another outstanding year. For the full year 2021, we delivered 17% organic growth that included 14% organic base business growth and $9.2 billion of COVID-19 response revenue. We delivered 28% growth in adjusted earnings per share in 2021 and over $7 billion of free cash flow, all while significantly investing in our company to enable a really bright future. I'm very proud of what the team accomplished this year. These results are significantly ahead of our prior guidance. So let me walk you through the key elements of the beat. We delivered $2.1 billion more revenue than included in our prior guide. This included $1.5 billion higher COVID-19 response revenue, $375 million of revenue from the PPD acquisition and $200 million higher base business revenue. On our last earnings call, we derisked testing response revenue in our guidance. And we said that if for any additional opportunities to support customers' testing needs, we'll be ready to do so and flow the benefits through our P&L, and that's exactly what we did in Q4. Let me turn to the base business. In Q4, we delivered 8% base business organic growth, which was 3 percentage points higher than assumed in the prior guide. This is very good performance, particularly given the four fewer selling days in the quarter. So excellent momentum on the top line. Our core business is on a great growth trajectory, and we continue to step up and meet our customers' testing needs. Our PPI Business System enabled us to generate great pull-through on the very strong revenue performance in Q4, leading to excellent adjusted EPS performance. We delivered $6.54 of adjusted EPS in the quarter and $25.13 for the full year; this was $1.76 ahead of our prior guide. So a broad-based beat to round out an outstanding year. Let me now provide you with some more details on our performance. Beginning with our earnings results, and as I mentioned we delivered $6.54 of adjusted EPS in the quarter. And for the full year, adjusted EPS was $25.13, up 28% compared to last year. GAAP EPS in the quarter was $4.17. And for the full year 2021, GAAP EPS was $19.46, up 22% versus the prior year. On the top line, our Q4 reported revenue grew 1% year-over-year. The components of our Q4 revenue increase included a 4% organic revenue decrease, a 6% contribution from acquisitions and a headwind of 1% from foreign exchange. And as I mentioned, the base business organic revenue growth in the quarter was 8%. For the full year 2021, reported revenue increased 22%, this includes 17% organic growth, a 3% contribution from acquisitions and a 2% tailwind from foreign exchange. The full year base business organic growth was 14%. And in 2021, we delivered $9.23 billion of COVID-19 response revenue, which includes $2 billion of vaccines and therapy support revenue. Turning to our performance by geography. The organic growth rates by region are skewed by the response revenue in the current and prior year as well as four fewer selling days in Q4 2021 versus the prior year quarter. For Q4, North America declined in the low teens. Europe grew high single digits. Asia Pacific and China grew in the high single digits. And rest of the world grew mid-single digits. For the full year, North America grew low double digits. Europe grew over 25%. Asia Pacific grew over 20%, including just under 20% growth in China. And rest of the world grew mid-teens. Turning to our operational performance. Q4 adjusted operating income decreased 10% and adjusted operating margin was 29.5%, 380 basis points lower than Q4 last year. For the full year, adjusted operating income increased 27% and adjusted operating margin was 31%, which is 130 basis points higher than 2020. In the quarter, our PPI Business System enables to deliver strong volume leverage on the base business, and strong productivity. This was more than offset by the impact of lower testing response revenue and our ongoing strategic investments across our business to support our near- and long-term growth. For the full year, we drove positive volume leverage and productivity. We also had favorable business mix. This was partially offset by our strategic investments. Moving on to the details of the P&L. Total Company adjusted gross margin in the quarter came in at 50.5%, 340 basis points lower than Q4 last year. And for the full year, adjusted gross margin was 51.6%, up 40 basis points versus the prior year. For both the fourth quarter and full year, the change in gross margin was due to the same drivers as those for our adjusted operating margin. Adjusted SG&A in Q4 was 17.3% of revenue. And for the full year, adjusted SG&A was 17.1% of revenue, an improvement of 80 basis points compared to 2020. Total R&D expense was approximately $390 million in Q4. And for the full year, R&D expense was $1.4 billion, representing growth of 19% over the prior year, reflecting our ongoing investments in high-impact innovation to fuel future growth. Looking at our results below the line for the quarter and net interest expense was $150 million, $16 million higher than Q4 last year, largely due to the PPD financing activities? Net interest expense for the full year was $493 million, an increase of $5 million from 2020. Adjusted other income and expense was a net income in the quarter of $7 million, $8 million higher than Q4 2020, mainly due to changes in non-operating FX. For the full year, adjusted other income and expense was a net income of $38 million, which is $8 million lower than the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 13.8%. This was 220 basis points lower than Q4 last year, mainly due to the different levels of pretax profitability year-over-year. For the full year, the adjusted tax rate was 14.6% or 30 basis points higher than 2020. Average diluted shares were 398 million in Q4, approximately 2 million lower year-over-year driven by share repurchases, net of option dilution. And for the full year, the average diluted shares were 397 million. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Cash flow was another great highlight for the year. Cash flow from operating activities in 2021 was $9.5 billion, up 15% over the prior year. And free cash flow for the year was $7 billion after investing $2.5 billion of net capital expenditure. This reflects strong returns we're generating in the short-term and the investments that we'll make for the long-term. During the year, we returned approximately $2.4 million of capital to shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends and we ended Q4 with $4.5 billion in cash. Our total debt at the end of Q4 was $34.9 billion, up $13.2 billion sequentially from Q3, largely as a result of the financing activities related to the PPD acquisition. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 2.7 times gross debt-to-adjusted EBITDA and 2.3 times on a net debt basis. And concluding my comments on our total company performance, adjusted ROIC was 19.8%, up 180 basis points from Q4 last year as we continue to generate exceptional returns. So I'll now provide some color on the performance of our four business segments, and let me start with a few framing comments. The scale and margin profile of our COVID-19 response revenue varies by segments that has been consistent throughout the year. We continue to make strategic investments across all of our businesses. The size of those investments does not necessarily align with the response revenue in each segment that does skew some of the reported segment margins. And during Q4, we had four fewer selling days than the year-ago quarter. And finally, we recently renamed Laboratory Products segment to reflect the inclusion of the PPD acquisition. It's now Laboratory Products in Biopharma Services segment. And also going forward, we'll refer to PPD as our clinical research business within this segment. Moving on to the segment details, starting with Life Sciences Solutions. Q4 reported revenue in the segment decreased 5% and organic revenue was 8% lower than the prior year quarter. In the quarter, we delivered very strong growth in our bioproduction and biosciences businesses. This was offset by lower revenue in the genetic sciences business driven by lower testing revenue versus the year-ago quarter For the full year, reported revenue in the segment increased 28% and organic revenue increased 23%. Q4 adjusted operating income in Life Science Solutions decreased 14%, and adjusted operating margin was 48.2%, down 490 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we delivered strong productivity, which is more than offset by unfavorable business mix and strategic investments. And for the full year, adjusted operating income increased 28% and adjusted operating margin was 50%, a decrease of 20 basis points versus 2020. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue increased 5% in Q4 and organic growth was 6%. Growth in this segment this quarter was driven by electron microscopy and chromatography and mass spectrometry businesses. For the full year, reported revenue in this segment increased 18% and organic revenue increased 17%. Q4 adjusted operating income in the segment increased 15% and adjusted operating margin was 22.1%, up 190 basis points year-over-year. During the quarter, we saw favorable business mix and delivered strong volume pull-through and productivity enabled by our PPI Business System. That was partially offset by the strategic investments we're making across this segment. For the full year, adjusted operating income increased 48% and adjusted operating margin was 19.7%, an increase of 390 basis points versus 2020. Turning to Specialty Diagnostics. In Q4, reported revenue and organic revenue were both 26% lower than the year-ago quarter. In the quarter, we saw a strong growth in our transplant diagnostics and immunodiagnostics businesses, which was offset by lower COVID-19 testing revenue versus the year-ago quarter. For the full year, reported revenue in this segment increased 6% and organic revenue increased 5%. Q4 adjusted operating income decreased 43% in the quarter and adjusted operating margin was 20.5%, down 590 basis points from the prior year. In Q4, we drove positive productivity enabled by our PPI Business System. This is more than offset by unfavorable volume mix and strategic investments in the segment. For the full year, adjusted operating income decreased 6% and adjusted operating margin was 22.6%, a decrease of 300 basis points versus 2020. Then finally, Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment. In Q4, reported revenue in this segment increased 16% and organic revenue growth was 5%. During Q4, we saw strong growth in the Pharma Services and Laboratory Products businesses and we recognized $375 million of revenue for PPD to clinical research business. For the full year, reported revenue in this segment increased 21% and organic revenue increased 15%. Q4 adjusted operating income in the segment increased 42% and adjusted operating margin was 11.5%, which is 210 basis points higher than the prior year. In the quarter, we drove strong productivity by our PPI Business System and saw a favorable business mix, partially offset by strategic investments. For the full year, adjusted operating income increased 45%, and adjusted operating margin was 12.4%, an increase of 200 basis points versus 2020. Let me now turn to our updated 2022 guidance. Before I get into the details, I'd like to begin with a quick reminder about our definition of core business, which we introduced at our Investor Day last year and notably transitioned to it in 2022. Core includes our base business, the vaccines and therapies response revenue and the PPD acquisition. Given the scale of the PPD acquisition, our core organic growth calculation will include PPD on a full year basis, if we think that gives you the best view of how to look at the total company business and how it's performing. For full transparency, we'll also continue to provide total company organic growth when reporting our actual performance in 2022. So moving on to our guidance, as Marc mentioned we're significantly increasing our full year 2022 revenue and adjusted EPS outlook. We're raising our full year 2022 revenue guidance by $1.5 billion to $42 billion, and we're raising our adjusted EPS guidance by $1.07 to $22.43. This very strong raise reflects the excellent strength of the business and we continue to expect 8% core organic revenue growth in 2022. Let me now provide you with additional details on the updated guidance. Starting with revenue, where there are four elements driving the $1.5 billion raise. A $1 billion increase in the COVID-19 testing assumption, a $900 million increase for the core business, a $500 million decrease due to the change in FX rates, and $100 million increase to reflect the PeproTech acquisition, which closed just before the year-end. In terms of our COVID-19 testing revenue assumption, we're continuing the same derisked approach to guidance under a range of outcomes for the year. Our guidance now assumes $1.75 billion of testing revenue in 2022. There are scenarios where testing demand could be higher than this level and should that be the case, we're well positioned to support customer needs. And as we did in 2021, we'll flow the benefits of that through our P&L. But for now, we thought it was prudent to continue to take a derisked approach to the outlook. In terms of the core revenue raise, $600 million relates to PPD and reflects the excellent strength of that business and to a lesser extent the recent GAAP changes around deferred revenue measurement for acquisitions. We now expect PPD, our new clinical research business to deliver $6.5 billion in revenue in full year 2022. This represents 8% organic growth on a full year basis on top of 30% growth it delivered in 2021. And the remaining $300 million of the core revenue raise is to reflect the strong finish to 2021 by the rest of the core business. Our core business is in great shape. It ended 2021 with even more scale and as I mentioned earlier, we continue to expect that it will grow 8% organically in 2022. So a very strong raise overall for our revenue guidance. And we will use our PPI Business System to generate strong pull-through on that revenue. And we now expect adjusted operating margin to be 25.4% in 2022, that's a 20 basis points higher than what we assumed in our prior guidance. In terms of adjusted EPS. Our stronger business outlook is enabling us to raise the 2022 adjusted EPS guidance from $21.36 to $22.43, further building on an already very strong outlook for the year. Let me now provide you with a couple of other details on the 2022 guidance to help you with your models. As I mentioned PPD is expected to deliver $6.5 billion of revenue and $1 billion of adjusted operating income in 2022. This acquisition is now expected to contribute $1.90 to adjusted EPS in the year. PeproTech is expected to deliver revenue of just over $100 million in 2022 and $0.05 of adjusted EPS. FX is now expected to be a year-over-year headwind of $500 million in revenue or 1.3% and $0.31 from adjusted EPS. We continue to assume an adjusted income tax rate of 13% in 2022. We now expect full year net interest cost to be approximately $490 million and other income to be $10 million. We continue to assume net capital expenditures of approximately $2.5 billion to $2.7 billion and free cash flow of approximately $7 billion. Our guidance still assumes $2.5 billion of capital deployment, which is $2 billion of share buybacks to be already completed in January and $475 million of capital returned to shareholders through dividends. We now estimate that the full year average diluted share count will be between 395 million and 396 million shares. And finally, a couple of comments on phasing to help you with your modeling. In terms of revenue dollars, the assumption in the guide is the revenue dollars are fairly linear for the year, with Q1 and Q4 being slightly higher than Q2 and Q3. The derisked assumption for COVID-19 testing used in this guidance assumes that this revenue is very front-end loaded in the first half of the year, and then as an assumed endemic run rate level of $100 million of revenue per quarter in the second half of the year. Organic growth of the core business is expected to be fairly consistent throughout the year. And then in terms of adjusted EPS phasing, this guidance assumes slightly more weighting towards the first half of the year than the phasing we had last year, with Q1 being about the same percentage of the full year as we had in 2021. To conclude, we delivered another outstanding year, and we're in great position to achieve our 2022 goals. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Raf.
Rafael Tejada: Thank you, Stephen. Operator, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We take our first question from Jack Meehan from Nephron Research. Jack, please go ahead.
Jack Meehan: Thank you and good morning.
Marc Casper: Good morning, Jack.
Jack Meehan: Wanted to start with PPD and the higher  good morning, Marc. Wanted to start with PPD and the higher 2022 growth trajectory here. Can you provide some more color around just your confidence in the handoff from the COVID-related work last year to other projects? PPD has been one of the leaders in biotech. So was curious to get your thought if some of that confidence is driven by some of the large Phase 3 mRNA studies, which are getting kicked off?
Marc Casper: So Jack thanks for the question. Our clinical research business, PPD has really had a really excellent 2021 with 30% growth. And it was broad-based strength across biotech, biopharma, all the very important therapy areas that they're focused on, including work in the support of COVID-19 vaccines and therapies. As we look at the authorizations, we're very strong last year, which gives the business great momentum coming into 2022 and 2023. And we feel good to be able to grow that business in line with our core average of about 8% this year. So we feel very good about the outlook for the business.
Jack Meehan: Great. And then for both you and Stephen, a big area of focus has been inflation in the market. So was wondering what your assumption is for pricing for 2022? Where you able to capture that across the portfolio? And how is that translating to revenue and earnings growth for the year?
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So Jack, so we have been very active on using the pricing lever as part of our PPI Business System, and we have a great team that helps our businesses do that in a very appropriate way. And we've seen basically in the second half of 2021, and as we project forward to 2022, pricing around about 2 times the normal level given the inflationary environment we're facing. So that's in aggregate across the whole portfolio. It's different by different areas of the business, but that's the aggregate result, and we're offsetting the impact of inflation through that pricing activity.
Jack Meehan: Thank you, guys.
Marc Casper: Thanks Jack.
Operator: We take our next question from Patrick Donnelly from Citi. Please go ahead.
Patrick Donnelly: Great. Thanks for taking the question guys. Marc, maybe just on the guidance raise, that core $400 million raise or so. Can you just talk through; I guess the end markets that you're seeing where you're feeling incrementally better going into 2022 versus a few months ago at the Analyst Day and then obviously, the 3Q update as well? Just kind of curious the confidence level going into 2022, you guys obviously sound quite bullish for the year. But maybe if you can just talk through some of the upside levers as we go into this year?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Patrick, we really ended the year with really strong performance. And you see that in the 17% organic growth that we delivered for the full year. You see that in the very strong base business growth of 14%. And bookings in the fourth quarter was once again ahead of revenue. So we enter the year with very strong momentum. As we thought about the outlook for the year, obviously we were quite bullish with the 8% back in September with the Analyst Day. And the way that we thought about it was all of the additional revenue in the core; we're basically going to grow that. We're going to keep that and then grow that by 8% as well. And that's sort of what's implied in the guidance. So we feel very well positioned given what our outlook was in September, how the business finished the fourth quarter, the strength of the bookings, and therefore, 2022 should be another quite year for the company.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. And Patrick, that  the extra  days was pretty broad across the business when I think about the impact in Q4.
Patrick Donnelly: Understood. Okay. And then maybe just one on the capital deployment side. Obviously, you guys have been very active, another $2 billion to start the year here on the share repo. You kind of talked about the $7 billion free cash flow for the year. Can you just talk about the pipeline of opportunities on the deal side? Again, PeproTech seems like a nice fit. How active we should expect you to be, again, leverage seasonable at 2.3 coming out. So maybe just talk about the pipeline and the expectations for the year there?
Marc Casper: Yes. So if you reflect back on last year, right, very active year with 10 transactions, and the bolt-ons about $4 billion worth of transactions, $20 billion roughly for PPD. So actually a really nice year of bolt-on activity. And if this was any other quarter in the fourth quarter, we actually were talking about PeproTech quite a bit, right, in terms of classic bolt-on, great growth prospects, good technology that is already performing well and will flourish under our ownership and the strength of our Biosciences business. So that's kind of the look back, right? And it gives you a sense that there's plenty of opportunity. Our pipeline is busy, right? We have plenty of financial capacity. We'll be incredibly disciplined to make sure that it fits our strict criteria, it creates shareholder value and that it really is additive to the portfolio. But we're actively looking at a number of transactions, and we'll see how they play out. The return of capital is also an important part of our strategy. And as you noted, we deployed already $2 billion on buybacks in the beginning of the year and we're excited to be able to do that for our shareholders as well.
Patrick Donnelly: Great. Thanks Marc.
Marc Casper: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Arias from Stifel. Dan, please go ahead.
Dan Arias: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the question. Marc, maybe just following up on Patrick's M&A question there. I'm just curious about whether or not you're actually seeing assets become more attractive these days given the market moves? I mean, we've all seen valuations in the public markets come in. So it feels tempting to say, yes, but I imagine that the management teams of these companies remember their stocks being a lot higher, not too long ago. And on the private side maybe sort of a similar thing relative to the last raise or something. So I guess the question is, are assets any more approachable than they used to be in reality or not really?
Marc Casper: Yes. I think it's early to see that that changes increases the pool, if you will of potential actionable transactions, right? And because it takes a while for valuation expectations to really settle down. And obviously, the stock market has bounced around a bunch. So it's  I think it will take a while for expectations to change. Our pipeline is busy, right? And we are truly disciplined. And you've heard me say in the past, right, when valuations are more elevated, you're going to think about businesses that have a very favorable risk reward profile. So you don't have scenarios where the businesses that you acquire aren't creating shareholder value. And obviously, if you get in a period where valuations are more favorable from an M&A perspective, then that's going to open up the pool, right? But I don't think that happens in the first month or two of the year. I think it's more of a, we'll see how the year plays out.
Dan Arias: Yes. Okay. That makes sense. And then maybe on the clinical channel, how would you describe the spending environment in the hospital landscape right now when it just comes to sort of non-COVID-related items as we start off the year? It seems like things were normalizing, but then we did get some hospital capacity constraints as Omicron surged. So just curious how you're seeing things trend and how spending priorities are looking in demand overall in the clinical segment?
Marc Casper: Yes. So when I think about the core health care and diagnostics portion of the business, I look back at last year, we had solid growth in the  in that routine activity or Specialty Diagnostics. What I would say is its better than it's growing again, but there's still some level of noise in terms of volume disruption, right? So it's not at the consistent growth that you would have seen in 2018, 2019. You lose two or three weeks because of Omicron that has some minor effect. It's fully baked into our numbers, and it would be truly in the noise level for us in terms of what our outlook is. But you're not yet at sort of maximum diagnostic growth outside of COVID testing until you really have no capacity utilization in the hospitals.
Dan Arias: Got it. Okay. Thanks Marc.
Operator: The next question comes from Derik De Bruin from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Derik De Bruin: Hey good morning.
Marc Casper: Good morning.
Derik De Bruin: So, Marc I don't know if you can do this, but it's the question we're getting from investors. But if you look at that 25.4% operating margin guide for 2022, what's the  I guess, can you do  can you talk to the push and takes on contributions or  what's the FX headwind? What's the decrease from PPD? And just  and basically in COVID sort of walk through the basis on what's sort of like the underlying margin? I think we're getting a lot of questions on that as people sort of think about sort of like the future trajectory.
Marc Casper: Let me give you the 80,000 foot and I will not bridge you and Stephen will. We increased our operating margin outlook from the Investor Day. Actually, I think at the Investor Day, we did a really nice job of explaining, you bring PPD in at a lower margin in year one and margins expand. We talked a little bit about how the COVID would unwind, but also actually the longer-term view. So, we're kind of in a way, so let's go to the endpoint in the next three-year model or four-year model. And so that you can take all of the COVID out and you see the growth in margins off of that level. So actually, I'm super excited to come here and actually, we've been able to increase it. But Stephen, maybe you might want to add a little bit more.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So, in terms of the long-term model, we said margins are greater than 26%. And that's all incorporated in this guidance as we think about 2022 as the year in that three-year long-term model. So, we raised our guidance for revenue. PPD is part of that, which is kind of mid-teens margin. FX is slightly more of a hurt in terms of the change versus the prior guide. And then the higher testing and the higher core business growth is coming through the decent margin. So that's the kind of puts and takes that gets you the 20 basis point increase. And it's all in line. It's actually slightly higher than what included in that full year model that we gave out at the Investor Day.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And Marc, your APAC and China business actually ended the year quite strong. Do you sort of like give us your current thoughts on sort of like how you see China moving forward in 2022 and 2023 and just your high-growth markets in general, just how things are tracking there? Thank you.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Derik thanks for the question. So, we had very strong growth in APAC, about 20% for the year and China just below, I think, 19%. So, it's kind of in the same range. When I look at the outlook, China being the largest of the countries in that region, it represents about 8% of our total revenue despite context. We expect it to be and continue to be one of our fastest-growing end markets. Significant investment in pharma and biotech, biotech in particular, in the country. We're well positioned to continue to serve that very well. So, the team in China is bullish about the outlook. There are clearly geopolitical tensions and we'll. Navigate those appropriately. And so that's part of it. And so, we feel good about what the outlook is there. And then we've had really good strength beyond China, right? South Korea continues to perform at a really good level. We played very strong role in India, and that's expanding nicely. The region has been good for us, and I'm very proud of how the team has performed in Asia-Pacific and obviously around the world.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And if I can sneak one more in. The academic and government number in Q4, was that four less selling days and people not being back in the lab, some COVID headwinds just sort of talking, if you can sort of talk about that number?
Marc Casper: Yes. So obviously, for the year, with the low double-digit growth, very strong. We had low single-digit decline, as you said, in the fourth quarter. Really, it's the combination, as you said, four selling days less. We also had a very strong comparison in academic and government in the prior year period. So that's probably the other factor beyond any Omicron-type disruption. So, as I thought about it, there was not much to read into it in terms of what the activity level was, what customers are talking about, pipeline stuff seems fairly normal.
Stephen Williamson: And then Derik, just reflecting on the margin  Derik, just reflecting on your margin question, when I think about the additional guide in terms of revenue for testing, that's assumed to come through at the average for the pull-through of the rest of the company as well. So not a significantly high margin profile, so I guess is the [indiscernible].
Rafael Tejada: Thanks, Derik.
Derik De Bruin: Great, helpful.
Operator: We take our next question from Luke Sergott from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Luke Sergott : Hey guys, good morning. I think everybody right now is trying to figure out the industry's capacity to absorb the COVID vaccine roll off. And given you guys supply, also manufacture and then do the clinical side, your thoughts here would be really helpful. But really just trying to figure out what indications or technologies are you guys are looking at that can replace any of that roll off?
Marc Casper: Luke thanks for the question. So, when I think about the demand profile and capacity expansions, obviously, there has been very significant demand across the industry for supporting all of the COVID therapy and vaccine activity. And the industry, obviously, utilization went up hugely, probably unsustainably high. So, some of the investments you're seeing within our own company and sure, across others, is to bring utilization rates back to normal, right. So, that's the first thing to remind. Within our own business, if I think about the investments, I think about the nature of the customer contracts, I think about who the customers are, what else they have in their pipelines, our ability to transition the COVID-related activity to other therapeutic areas is something that we have a high degree of confidence in the ability to do that. You don't do it necessarily in one quarter, right. It takes a few quarters to get all of that smooth out. But we have good line of sight in terms of how to backfill when COVID demand is, God willing, less needed around the world, right, as we all hope that it's something that, at some point, wanes to a certain extent. So, our ability to do that, and you can think about a visualize right, sterile fill-finish activities, really all of the biologics that are used for any indication run through that capacity, right? So, we've added capacity and we're running flat out. And if there's less of a need longer term for vaccines, then you would see that capacity go to other critical areas. So that would be  you can visualize it that way. The capacity is truly generic to all of the indications out there.
Luke Sergott : All right that's really helpful. And then lastly, as you guys look at that $1.75 billion on testing, Mesa appears to have had a really strong quarter. Can you just give us a sense of the number of customers there? I know it's such a small product line, but it's a key new platform for you. So, as you think about number of customers, placements and as the menu kind of expands there.
Marc Casper: Yes, so you have two different things going on with our rapid diagnostic systems, our PCR, that we acquired early in 2021. You have the long-term menu expenditure beyond the respiratory panel and the COVID-19 test. That's a multiyear investment that really leverages the technology for the long term. And we're excited about that, right? When I think about  the second aspect of it is the role in COVID response, demand there has been very, very high. And while I could say the exact number of customers, you would see it in the pharmacies, is a natural application where it's been used, you see it in the doctor offices, as well as in number of back-to-life settings. I've been to meetings where that technology has been used to clear people to be able to attend the meeting and you get a result in 30 minutes. So, it's an exclusive technology to get a PCR result that quickly. So, I feel good about the acquisition, how the technology road map is developing and how it's performing.
Luke Sergott : Great, thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore. Vijay your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Hey guys thanks for taking my questions. Stephen, maybe one on the guidance here. Good morning to you. On the guide here, 8% core, I guess, I heard you say in your core revenues was raised by $300 million, $400 million-ish. Shouldn't you core be 9%? Like it feels like it's improved versus your last guidance. Is that the right way to think about your core accelerating?
Stephen Williamson: So, Vijay, good morning. The raise is because of the scale of the business has gotten larger in 2021, and then we're growing that at 8% going forward in 2022. So, the growth rate is still the same as our prior guidance for core, which is a very strong 8%. But the base in which it's growing is actually larger because of the way that we finished in the end of 2021.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. And then one on margins in bioprocessing. Did your COVID testing margin assumptions change. I'm curious Marc on this DynaDrive single-use bioprocessing reactor. Do you expect any share shift in the industry? It looks like you guys are quite optimistic about this product. So, I'm curious if this is a share gain opportunity for Thermo?
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Vijay in terms of the bioproduction activity. So, in that we say the word bioproduction, what we're meaning here is our cell culture media, our single-use technologies, our purification resins. That's part of a much bigger set of production activities for pharma and biotech, which includes pharma services and our bioscience reagents, some of those activities. I called out the DynaDrive specifically because today, when you think about a customer choice for most probably 70% to 75% of medicines and indications that are biologics, you can use single-use technology. That doesn't mean that that's the share that is used, which you can economically and the alternative is stainless steel. And that's a 2,000-liter scale. Our technology allows you to go to 5,000-liter scale. That effectively opens it up for almost all medicines could be made. And it's probably a couple of very high-volume ones want to do a stainless steel. Now how fast customers will ultimately adopt it? Will take some time. We've obviously adopted it in one of our biologics facilities. And we're super excited about the capability because the economics and the quality is fantastic. So, I think the technology is exquisite, and it's unique to us. So yes, I think it allows us to grow our share over time.
Stephen Williamson: Basically, it expands our served end market in effect.
Marc Casper: Yes.
Vijay Kumar: Got you. And Stephen, sorry, did your COVID testing margin assumptions change versus the last guide?
Stephen Williamson: In terms of the 2022 version, no. There is an assumption that it's going to contribute  come in the contribution margin around about the company average.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. Thank you, guys.
Rafael Tejada: Thanks, Vijay.
Operator: The next question is from Dan Brennan from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Dan Brennan: Great, thanks for taking the questions. Marc, just a quick just comment, just kick it off. I'm still unsure on Zach, what knowing [indiscernible] the last five means certainly gives me some hope. I just wanted to ask a question on the base biologics business, ex-COVID. I didn't hear it in the prepared remarks, but you may have discussed it. So how did that business grow in the quarter? Could you give some color on what the bookings trends were in the quarter? And kind of what's assumed implied in the 2022 growth for that business?
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Dan, when I think about our biologics, our production activities, I think, it's probably good to put it into the macro context. Roughly $20 billion of our revenue today including PPD serves, pharma and biotech. About half of it is in the production part of the business, right? And in general, the production goes a little faster than the other activities we do in pharma and biotech. And when you look at the company's long-term 7% to 9% core organic growth outlook, pharma and biotech will be the fastest of the growing end markets are growing faster than that on average going forward. So, we entered the year, obviously with very strong momentum, right, with 25% growth in pharma and biotech for the full year, a very special year. And we're excited about the growth prospects we have this year with the 8% core growth.
Dan Brennan: Got it. And then maybe as a follow-up, just on the diagnostic testing side, you guys are obviously tremendously successful with COVID testing. I'm just wondering if you can comment on all the PCR platforms that you've expanded globally. What's the strategy? And what's some of the revenue contribution as COVID flows to kind of monetize maybe some content on those boxes? Is there something baked in to the base business or just how do we think about that opportunity for Thermo?
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Dan, one of the things that we get questions  your question we get periodically. So, we try to at least frame it a bit in Stephen's remarks, where we expect in an endemic phase of COVID, about $100 million a quarter, $400 million a year of molecular diagnostics revenue related to the increased installed base, supporting COVID testing, the increased sample prep installed base. So that's a rough number. We'll give it more precision when we're actually in the endemic phase, but that's the view. When that exactly happens, we just assume that that starts in Q3, but that's an assumption, just like all of our testing things. We'll update that as we see how the pandemic plays out.
Rafael Tejada: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Marc Casper: Thanks Dan.
Stephen Williamson: Thank you, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. So, our final question comes from Tejas Savant from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Tejas Savant: Hey guys good morning. And thanks for squeezing me in here. Marc, one question for you on the M&A pipeline. I know it came up earlier in the call as well. But just curious as to philosophically get your view on how do you think of growth assets, specifically if an asset is not sort of minor EPS accretive near term, is that still sort of something that you would look at over here? Or would you sort of prefer kind of like the more PPD flavor of M&A?
Marc Casper: Yes, so it's a great question, right. The way we think about acquisitions is really along our criteria, right. We start with is it strengthen the company strategically? Would our customers value it? And ultimately, does it create shareholder value? We start with the return on invested capital, the internal rates of returns. Before we get into the EPS or any of that stuff, we just say, is this a good long-term investment, right? And if it is, then we'll look at the shorter-term financials and say, is that an acceptable risk reward to us to take the activity? So, as you know, if you think about the many deals we have done, we actually haven't focused on, is it accretive to our organic growth or we've actually just focused on, is it a really strategic fit that strengthens the company that will create shareholder value. And we have an incredible track record of accelerating the growth of the businesses we acquire, right? So that's the cool thing. And you've seen us where over the years, we bought businesses like Life Technologies that was growing slower than the company average. Obviously, it's been unbelievable in terms of how fast it's grown in terms of at scale. And we're excited about PeproTech, which is a higher growth business, and we're excited about the prospects around PPD. So, thank you for the question.
Marc Casper: So, let me wrap up and thank everybody for participating. We're obviously pleased with how we performed in 2021. We're in a really great position to achieve another excellent year in 2022. And as always, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific, and we look forward to updating you as the year progresses. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you all for joining today's call. This now concludes. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2021 Third Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during the [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Rafael Tejada, Vice President Investor Relations. Mr. Tejada, you may begin the call.
Rafael Tejada: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com under the heading, News & Events until November 12th, 2021.  A copy of the press release of our third quarter 2021 earnings is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financials. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the Company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute Forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these Forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which are on file with the SEC and available in the investor section of our website under the heading Financials: SEC filings. While we may elect to update Forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these Forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today.  Also, during this call, we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our Third Quarter, 2021 earnings, and also in the investors section of our website under the heading Financials. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Raf. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our Third Quarter call. We delivered another outstanding quarter, achieving exceptional financial performance while continuing to effectively execute our growth strategy to make Thermo Fisher Scientific an even stronger partner for our customers. As I reflect on the year so far, three things stand out to me. Our proven growth strategy powered by our PPI Business System is driving outstanding financial performance. Our base business is performing very well and we're playing a leading role in our industry's response to COVID-19. And we continue to build on our trusted partner status with innovative new products and expanded capabilities to further enhance our unique customer value proposition.  All of this gives me great confidence and a very bright future as we continue to create sustainable value for all of our stakeholders, I will get into more detail on these in my remarks later. But first, let me recap the financials. Our revenue in Q3 increased to $9.33 billion, growing 9% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income for the third quarter was $2.78 billion and our adjusted operating margin was 29.8% for the quarter. Finally, we increased adjusted EPS by 2% - $5.76 per share.  So another outstanding quarter. Turning to our end markets in Q3, market conditions were strong and our team executed well to deliver another fantastic quarter. Starting with Pharma and Biotech, we continue to have outstanding performance in this end market with growth of just over 20% driven once again by strong market dynamics, our unique customer value proposition, and our leading role in supporting our customers across a wide range of exciting therapeutic areas including our significant role in supporting COVID-19 vaccines and therapies.  Our trusted partner status earned over many years with these customers continues to drive robust growth. In this end market, we saw a broad-based strength, including in our bioproduction, pharma services, Biosciences, chromatography, and mass spectrometry businesses, as well as in the Research and Safety market channel. In academic and government we grew in the mid-single-digits in the quarter with very good growth in Biosciences, and the Research and Safety market channel.  Turning to industrial and applied, we grew in the mid-teens. In Q3, we had particularly strong growth in our electron microscopy business and in the Research and Safety market channel. Finally, in diagnostics and healthcare, we declined 11%. Performance in our base business was strong, driven by immunodiagnostics, clinical diagnostics, and transplant diagnostics.  The team also executed very well to support customers COVID-19 testing needs, delivering $1.55 billion of revenue this quarter versus $1.8 billion in Q3 last year. Before I move on to our growth strategy, let me provide a few comments on our industry-leading role in the pandemic response. In the quarter, we generated $2.05 billion in COVID-19 response-related revenue. With the surge in the Delta variant, we saw a strong testing demand around the world in Q3. We also played a very meaningful role in vaccines and therapies for COVID-19 generating just over $500 million in the quarter from these activities.  The underlying demand for our product and service offerings used in the production and development of vaccines is very robust and over time, we expect this demand to transition to non-COVID revenue. Our industry-leading response to the pandemic has enabled us to accelerate our growth strategy, strengthen customer relationships, and accelerate investments, which contributed to our ability to raise our long-term core organic growth guidance to 7% to 9% as we communicated at our recent Investor Day. Let me now give you an update on our growth strategy, which consists of three elements. Continuously developing high-impact innovative new products, leveraging our scale on the high-growth in emerging markets and delivering unique value proposition to our customers. Let me provide a few examples of how we're delivering on our growth strategy.  Starting with innovation, we launched a number of new products across our businesses to further strengthen our industry leadership and enable our customers to accelerate scientific breakthroughs and make the world a better place. In our genetic sciences business, we launched the Applied Biosystems Quantz Studio Absolute Q Digital PCR system. This is the first fully integrated Digital PCR system featuring simplified workflows and designed to provide highly accurate results in only 90 minutes.  This system will help events our customers innovation efforts in areas like oncology and cell and gene therapy. And chromatography and mass spectrometry, we launched three new Thermo Fisher Scientific TSQ plus triple quadruple mass spectrometers to address the growing need for faster throughput and increased sensitivity across a range of applications in Biopharma and applied science, including clinical research for large and small molecules, toxicology from Safety and environmental analysis. We also launched the Thermal Scientific Vanquish NEO UHPLC system and the Thermo Scientific Tech map Neo, UHPLC columns designed for use in proteomics precision medicine, and translational research.  Turning to the second pillar of our growth strategy, we continue to leverage our scale to create an outstanding experience for customers and high-growth in emerging markets. This has contributed to the excellent performance we are delivering across Asia-Pacific, where we delivered growth in the low double-digits during the quarter. We continue to build our presence and capabilities in the region. During the quarter, we opened a bioprocess design center in South Korea. This facility features laboratory and educational space and more than 100 instruments that support pharmaceutical research and manufacturing processes. This center will help our pharm and biotech customers advance their important work.  Our performance across the region demonstrates that we're creating a differentiated experience for our customers, and the significant investments we've made in these markets are fueling growth. The third pillar of our growth strategy is our customer value proposition. And we continue to increase our capabilities and capacity to be an even better partner for our customers and help them achieve their goals faster and more efficiently. As I mentioned last quarter, we're executing on over $2.5 billion in Capex this year. Let me give you a brief update on our progress. Building our pharma services capabilities in Q3, we brought on additional capacity online to support vaccine and therapy production.  As part of the previously announced strategic partnership with CSL limited, we assumed operating responsibility for our new state-of-the-art biologics site and like now in [Indiscernible] The site will feature highly flexible bioproduction technologies, including single-use and stainless steel to provide a pathway from development to large-scale production as customers needs evolve. To support growing demand in the biopharmaceutical industry, we announced plans to open a new bioproduction facility in Nashville, Tennessee to manufacturer single-use technologies. The facility will be one of our largest SUT sites in the world. In addition to support disease research and diagnostic testing, we announced our commitment to co-invest with the U.S. government in building a state-of-the-art facility to manufacturer pipette tips.  The new facility will be located in North Carolina and designed in line with Thermo Fisher Scientific's carbon neutrality goals. These investments are value proposition, demonstrate our commitment to our customers who rely on us as an essential partner in [indiscernible]. Now, let me give you a brief update on capital deployment. We continue to successfully execute our disciplined strategy for capital deployment, which is a combination of strategic M&A and returning capital to our shareholders. In terms of M&A, we are super excited for acquisition of PPD. The business is performing well.  The regulatory process is on track, and we expect to close by year-end. As a reminder, PPD will establish Thermo Fisher as a leader in the attractive and high-growth clinical research services industry and yet highly complementary services for our fastest-growing end market. Integration planning is going very well. Financing is largely complete, and we're looking forward to welcoming our PPD colleagues to Thermo Fisher later this year. Before turning to our guidance, let me update you on our progress we're making on our ESG initiatives. As the world leader in [Indiscernible] science, we know we have a responsibility to use our industry leadership position to make the world a better place.  And to that end, we continue to advance our sustainability and social impact initiatives. During the quarter we committed to expand our use of ACT product labeling to include our entire cold storage portfolio by the end of the year. ACT labeling clearly details environmental impact of the product, empowering our customers to make sustainable choices and ultimately helping them achieve their own goals for environmental stewardship. Our 90,000 colleagues are also passionate about the difference they can make. And our local site-based community action counsels support a number of charitable and stem education activities throughout the year. We have amplified our -- supporting these efforts by investing in additional $15 million in our foundation for science.  And we continue to support the historically black colleges and universities to deliver accurate COVID-19 testing to students and staff, helping to ensure campus safety and the ability to confidently deliver in-person learning. With that, I'd like to review our guidance at a high level, and then Stephen will take you through the details. As you saw on our press release, we're raising both our revenue and earnings guidance for the full year. This increase is a result of our strong Q3 operational performance in our base business. And the continued strength of our COVID-19 response revenue.  We're raising our revenue guidance by $1.2 billion to $37.1 billion, which would result in 15% revenue growth over 2020. In terms of adjusted EPS, we're raising our guidance by a $1.30 to $23.37 per share, which represents 20% growth year-over-year. The 2022 guidance raise reflects the increased Outlook for the core business and adds to the very strong Outlook that we shared with you at our Investor Day. We're raising our 2022 full-year revenue guidance by $200 million to $40.5 billion, and increasing our 2022 adjusted EPS guidance by $0.20 to $21.36. To summarize our key takeaways from Q3, we executed very well to continue our growth momentum, and deliver excellent revenue in earnings performance. Our business is performing very well and we continue to play a leading role in the pandemic response.  We continue to expand our trusted partner status with innovative new products and expanding capabilities to further enhance our customer value proposition. And our exceptional performance through the third quarter enabled us to raise our outlook for the year and sets us up for an even brighter future. With that, I will now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen.
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc. And good morning everyone. Before we get into the details of the quarter, I'd like to begin with a quick reminder about the definition of core business. This is a term we introduced at our recent Investor Day. Core includes our base business and the vaccines and therapies response revenue, and of course core will also include the PPD acquisition. So moving on to the details in Q3, it was another excellent quarter.  Let me provide a high-level view of how the quarter played out versus our expectations at the time of our last earnings call in July. Yet the broad-based beat versus the prior guide. Revenue was $1.2 billion higher, driven by $900 million higher testing response revenue, $250 million higher core business revenue, and $50 million more favorable core-FX. On our last earnings call, our guidance de-risk testing response revenue and we said that if there were any additional opportunities to support customer's testing needs, we'd be ready to do so and flow the benefits through our P&L.  That's exactly what we did in Q3, in total delivering $1.55 billion of testing response revenue in the quarter. We also had a great strength in the core business. In Q3, the base business organic growth was 10%, which is 3%, or $190 million higher than included in our prior guide. Also in the core, vaccines and therapies response revenue was $60 million higher than in that prior guide, and worth $510 million for the quarter. So excellent momentum on the top-line. Our PPI Business System enabled us to generate excellent pull-through on the very strong top-line performance. And at the same time, execute really well on that significant growth investments.  And as a result, adjusted BPS in Q3 was a $1.30 higher than included in our prior guide. And the the components that's over achievement or a dollar from testing response revenue, $0.20 from the core business, and $0.10 from FX on the base business. Overall, another excellent quarter. Let me now provide some color on the Q3 performance. Beginning with our Q3 earnings results, as you saw on our press release, we grew adjusted EPS by 2% to GAAP EPS in the quarter with $4.79 down 1% from Q3 last year. On the top-line our Q3, reported revenue grew 9% year-over-year. The components of our Q3 reported revenue increased included 7% organic growth, a tailwind of 1% from foreign exchange, and 1% contribution from acquisitions.  As I mentioned, the base business organic growth in the quarter was 10%. Change by our performance by geography during the quarter, North America was flat. Europe grew over 20% Asia-Pacific grew low double-digits. China grew in the low single-digits and rest of the world decline in the high single-digits. The organic growth rate by geo are skewed by the response revenue in the current and prior quarters, as well as the scale of the impact of the pandemic on the base business in the prior year. Since our operational performance, Q3 adjusted operating income decreased 1% and adjusted operating margin was 29.8%, 310 basis points lower than Q3 last year. In the quarter, our PPI Business System enabled us to deliver strong productivity, which has more than offset by unfavorable business mix, and the ongoing strategic investments across that businesses.  Including investments in our colleagues, all of these are being made to support our near and long-term growth. Moving on to the details of the P&L, total Company adjusted gross margin in the quarter came in at 51.4%, 90 basis points lower than Q3 last year. The decrease in gross margin had similar drivers to those I've just mentioned for adjusted operating margin in the quarter. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 17.9% of revenue, an increase of 190 basis points versus Q3 of 2020. Total R&D expense was approximately $350 million representing growth of 19% versus Q3 2020. It reflects our ongoing investments in high-impact innovation to fuel future growth. Looking at our results below the line for the quarter and net interest expense with a $190 million $17 million lower than Q3 last year, largely due to lower average interest rate on our debt.  Adjusted other income expense with net income in the quarter of $9 million, $7 million pile in Q3 2020, mainly due to changes in non-operating effect. But the tax rate in the quarter was 14.2%. Down a 150 basis points versus Q3 last year due to the benefits of our tax planning initiatives. Average diluted shares were 397 million in Q3, 2 million lower year-over-year, driven by the share repurchases net of option dilution. Turning to cash flow on the balance sheet, cash flow performance enabled by our PPI Business System continued to be very strong. Year-to-date cash flow from continuing operations was $6.9 billion, up 38% from the same period last year. Year-to-date free cash flow was $5.2 billion, up 27% from the same period last year. And that's after investing $1.7 billion of net capital expenditure. This reflects the strong returns we're generating in the short-term and investments we're making for the long-term. We returned over $100 million to shareholders through dividends in the quarter. This reflects some 18% dividend increase announced in February. And during the quarter we issued $3.1 billion in new debt as part of the prefinancing for the PPD acquisition. We ended Q3 with $12 billion in cash and $21.7 billion was the total debt. And leverage ratio at the end the quarter with 1.6 times gross debt to adjusted EBITDA and 0.7 times on a Net debt basis.  Concluding my comments on total Company performance adjusted ROIC was 22.3%, up 740 basis points from Q3 last year, as we continue to generate exceptional returns. Now provide some color on the performance for that full business segments. Similar to last quarter's, I'll start with some spring thoughts on the impact of COVID-19 response in that segments. From a revenue standpoint, as was the case in the past quarters, the majority of our COVID-19 response revenue was recognized in life sciences solutions. With the remainder recognizing the public products and services, especially diagnostics. From a margin standpoint, the impact of COVID-19 differed across the segments based on the scale of the response revenue, and the different levels of profitability on that revenue. In addition, during the quarter, we continue to make strategic investments across all of our businesses.  Besides, those investments does not necessarily align with the COVID-19 response revenue in these segments. That does skew some of the reported in the segment margin. Moving on to the segment details, starting with Life Sciences Solutions, Q3 reported revenue in this segment increased 9%, an organic growth was 4%. In the quarter, we delivered very strong growth in our bioproduction and biosciences businesses. Q3 adjusted operating income in Life Science Solutions decreased 3% and adjusted operating margin was 48.9%, down 600 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we saw a positive volume leverage, which is more than offset by strategic investments and unfavorable business mix. In the analytical instruments segment, reported revenue increased 11% in Q3, and organic growth with 9%.  Growth in the segment this quarter was driven by the electromicroscopy and chromatography and mass spectrometry businesses. Q3 adjusted operating income in analytical instruments increased 54%, and adjusted margin was 17.8%, up 500 basis points year-over-year. During the quarter, we delivered very strong volume pull-through and productivity, which is partially offset by the strategic investments we're making across those segments. In respect to the diagnostics in Q3, reported revenue decreased by 5% and the segment declined organically by 5%. In the quarter, we saw a strong growth in our immunodiagnostics, clinical diagnostics, and transplant diagnostic businesses, which was offset by lower COVID-19 testing revenue versus the year-ago quarter. Adjusted operating income decreased 22% in the quarter and adjusted operating margin was 22.7%, down 520 basis points from the prior year. In Q3, in drug positive productivity enabled by our PPI Business System, this was more than offset by unfavorable volume mix and strategic investments in the quarter. Finally, in the [Indiscernible] products and services segment, Q3 reported revenue increased 12%, organic growth was 10%. In the quarter, we saw very strong growth in all of our businesses in this segment. Adjusted operating income in the segment increased 8% and adjusted operating margin was 11%, which is 40 basis points lower than the prior year. In the quarter, we drove good volume pull-through, and productivity by our PPI Business System, which was more than offset by strategic investments.  With that, let me now turn to our updated guidance. As Marc mentioned, we're increasing full-year guidance for both 2021 and 2021. For 2021, we're banking the Q3 beat and maintaining our prior guidance assumptions for Q4. Then for 2022, we're carrying over the base business and vaccines and therapies beat from Q3 '21 into the 2022 full-year numbers. This is enabling a strong beat and raise for both years reflecting the continued excellent strength of the business. I will now provide you with more detailed starting with 2021. In terms of revenue, we're raising our full-year 21 guidance by $1.2 billion to $37.1 billion, an d increasing our full-year organic growth outlook from 9% to 12%.  That includes an increase in the base business organic growth outlook for the full-year from 12% to 13% and an increase in the COVID-19 response revenue for the year from $6.7 billion to $7.7 billion, which represents $5.8 billion of testing response revenue, and $1.9 billion of vaccines and therapies response revenue. As I mentioned previously, there are no changes in the revenue assumptions in Q4 and our revised 2021 guidance. We're continuing the same de-risked approach to guidance for COVID-19 testing response revenue, and continue to assume $450 million of testing-related revenue in Q4.  There continue to be a range of outcomes we're tapping in the fourth quarter and for 2022. There's scenarios where testing demand could be higher than that included in our guidance. Should that be the case, we will be well-positioned to support customer needs. And as we did in Q3, we will flow the benefits of that through our P&L. But for now, we thought it was prudent to continue to take a direct approach to the Outlook. And as a reminder, there are four fewer selling days in Q4 '21, compared to the same period last year. Incorporating our very strong Q3 performance into the revised '21 guidance, we now expect that adjusted operating margins for the full-year will be approximately 30.4%, 70 basis points higher than both our prior guide, and 2020.  Then same to the adjusted EPS, by banking the Q3 beat, we are raising our full-year '21 adjusted EPS guidance by $1.30 to $23.37, which would result in 20% growth over 2020. The revised guidance seems an adjusted income tax rate of 14.3% in 2021, slightly higher than the prior guide to reflect the marginal tax rate on our increased profitability. The rest of the assumptions underlying that 2021 guidance remains the same. And to call out a few of those, we've not included any operational benefit in 2021 for the acquisition of PPD, which is assumed to close at the end of the year.  We expect full-year net interest costs to be approximately $510 million. We're assuming net capital expenditures were approximately $2.5 to $2.7 billion and free cash flow of approximately $7 billion in 2021. Our guidance still includes $3.8 billion of capital deployment, which is $2 billion a share buybacks, $1.4 billion per completed M&A, and $400 million of the capital return to shareholders through dividends. Let me estimate the full-year average diluted share count will be 397 million shares. Now, moving on to the 2020 guidance rates. As I mentioned, we're carrying over the base business and vaccines and therapies peak from Q3 '21 into the 2022 full-year numbers.  In terms of revenue, we're raising our full-year 2022 guidance by $200 million to $40.5 billion. That reflects a $250 million increase in core revenue, offset positive by $50 million less FX tailwind for the year. The guidance for 2022 continues to see in core organic growth of 8% and $750 million of testing response revenue for the year. In terms of the adjusted EPS, we're raising our full-year 2022 guidance by $0.20 to $21.36. As Marc mentioned, the 2022 guidance increase reflects the increased strength of our core business, adding to the already very strong outlook for 2022. As I shared with you at the recent Investor Day. So to conclude, we're delivering another ex -- we delivered another excellent quarter and are in great position to achieve both our '21 and 2022 goals. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Raf.
Rafael Tejada: Thank you, Stephen. Operator, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Please stand by while we compile the Q& A roster. In order to allow everyone in queue an opportunity to address the Thermo Fisher management team, please limit your time on the call to one question and one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please return to the queue. Our first question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly of Citi.
Patrick Donnelly: Great. Thanks for taking the question, guys. Marc maybe one for you just on the guidance. Obviously encouraging to see you raise the '22 guidance going to flow-through the beat so soon after providing at the Analyst Day. Can you just talk about not bumping the 4Q number? Obviously, again, the core seemed a bit stronger in 3Q, the end-market recovery seems well on its way. I certainly understand keeping the testing conservative. But maybe just on the core business, what kept you guys from flowing through a bit of that strength into 4Q?
Marc Casper: Patrick, thanks for the question. Good morning. Obviously, really outstanding Q3. When I think about the momentum in the core business in the fourth quarter, we obviously enter the fourth quarter with very strong performance. As I look at the outlook for Q4, first, we felt it was prudent to keep it at the same that we did last quarter. There's nothing particularly deep about that. We have -- or less selling days. So when you look at the base business results, it's very similar. It implies about 9% growth, about 5% reported, and about 4 points for the day. You see here about 9% growth. So very similar to what you saw in Q3. And when you look at the other part of core, which is the vaccine and therapy numbers, similar levels of revenue to what you saw in Q3 there. So we felt that was a prudent view.  On the testing response, we kept the de-risk number. We're obviously going to shift whatever our customers need and if you think about how short the true visibility is for testing response, which is we de-risk ed at the end of July. And by the time we got into August, the Delta variant had creating huge demand for testing. So we feel that the 450 number is one that we have incredibly high likelihood of achieving and we'll obviously shift, meaning it could work. And that other customers need it. So that's how we've thought about. And for -- as we talked about 2022, we carried forward the core revenue beat into the year. And as we sit here at the end of January, when we give our full year, our final guidance for the year we'll look at what is the right level of assumptions and make adjustments as appropriate.
Patrick Donnelly: That's helpful. Makes sense. And then maybe just a quick follow-up on China. Low single-digit growth that you got a lot of noise in the region there between the tender process, general macro headlines. Can you just expand a bit on what you guys are seeing there? Again, it's always hard to remove a little bit of the comp noise and COVID noise. So would love just your thoughts on China and what you're expecting on the go forward.
Marc Casper: I think given the way your offset by over their questions for us explains what's going on, which is we had low single-digit growth. In the year-ago period, we had an incredibly strong COVID response revenue in China. So that drives there. When I look at bookings which gives you a sense of new orders, that grew about 10% in the quarter. So that activity was good. We have a strong backlog there and reviewing what's going on with our local team. No. Conditions actually continue to be good and the government's focused on some of the initiatives that will drive strong long-term growth. Focus on Biotech industry and food safety, those kinds of things. So I think China ultimately continues to be a nice, strong growth market for the Company going forward.
Patrick Donnelly: Great. Thank you, Marc.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, good morning. Marc, first question on supply-chain. I don't think anybody can -- it's a huge risk for you guys. You obviously can handle these things well, but maybe just give us some color on what's going on in the ground, like are you able to pass on higher resin costs? Are there component shortages in do you have to work down inventory? Just curious on some of the gives and takes around supply chain for you that's right now.
Marc Casper: Tycho, good morning and thanks for the question. Yes, so supply chain, as you step back and almost start a level above. Thermo Fisher, then get to Thermo Fisher. Now the world is clearly experiencing supply chain disruptions. And it really as the pandemic is unwinding, we're all seeing that and the duration and the impact of that still to be determined, all right? And as I think about our Company, it's really the scale of advantages we have and the incredibly strong execution capabilities we have because of our PPI Business System, it's a real competitive advantage.  All right, and we're well-positioned to navigate these environments better than the smaller or less capable companies. So that's how I think about it. As I think about Q3 there was no material impact in our results based on supply chain challenges. The areas that you see them, they're being managed with things like freight and logistics. Delivery times are a little bit slower. So you have things like that, that you have to manage through and electronic components, things of that sort.  And we're managing through those things effectively. And I have high confidence in our team's ability to navigate it in a very well -- in a very strong way. And I think we will be talking about this in some fashion across the world and across specifically [Indiscernible] in diagnostics, probably into 2022.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, that's helpful. And then a follow up on PPD. Last quarter, you talked about the second request from the FTC, and then you cut every CMA developments. I know you reiterated the timelines to close by year-end, but can you maybe just update us on how that process is going and was the CMA development expected in your view?
Marc Casper: Yes. Tycho, in terms of PPD, it's going well and on track, so we're largely complete with the U.S. FTC process and we -- there's no surprises on the remaining couple of filings, including working with the UK government. So those are all we anticipated when we announced the transaction. So that's all progressing well, and we feel confident our ability to have the opportunity to welcome our new colleagues during the fourth quarter to Thermo Fisher Scientific.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Marc Casper: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan of Nephron Research.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. Marc, [Indiscernible] give us an update on the durability of the investments that you've been making in testing. I want to stay conservative around the outlook for COVID, but just how are you feeling about the durability on the PCR side? Any updates you can provide around uptake at Mesa. And just a clarification. The M&A in the quarter, was that the contingent payment for Mesa?
Stephen Williamson: Certainly M&A in the quarter. That's just continued revenue from Mesa. That business is performing well.
Marc Casper: Yes. So in terms of the durability, embedded in our outlook, from a de-risked perspective for next year is $750 million of COVID testing related revenue, and we'll obviously refine that when we give our original we started, start the year and see what the world looks like. There's obviously certain aspects of our response on the testing side that will have some level of durability, but it's a relatively modest number compared to the billions of dollars of COVID-19, the PCR tests and sample prep that we provided. The areas that you would expect to have [Indiscernible] is going to be the increased installed base of QPCR instruments in sample prep instruments, which will get repurpose for other testing. We've obviously developed respiratory panels as well.  So likely for the future you're going to see some level of people presenting with an upper respiratory infection and doctors will want to know whether it's COVID or flu or RSV. So you'll have some of that [Indiscernible]. And customer feedback on the Mesa Biotech technology. It's super positive. It's turned to a large customer, couple of days ago and they did a head-to-head versus some other technologies and basically said the users just love it and are excited about working on developing a broader menu overtime as well.  So those are some of the things that will increase our share of business post COVID, or more endemic COVID phase. And that's business that we really didn't have pre -pandemic. So I think that's pretty cold, but relative to the billions of dollars of revenue it will be more modest number.
Jack Meehan: Great. And then my second question is on Analytical instruments site, hate to nitpick small numbers as the compounded growth by my math step-down from like 4.5%, maybe 3% in the quarter. Just curious how the order book there is shaping up and can you give any color on what the guidance implies for the fourth quarter for that segment?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Jack Kevin, you can nitpick anything you want. It's good to focus on the areas that aren't clear. So I actually want to step back and look at analytical instruments. Actually a very solid quarter, very strong performance in electron microscopy [indiscernible] expected very well. We're super excited about ASMS, which is just upon us and exciting product launches are highlighted a few of them on the call with the TSQ quadrupole mass spectrometer. When we updated all 3 on our new UHPLC system.  When you actually look and say you look at the details on the numbers, we saw softness in parts of chemical analysis, that's really what's in there. And you haven't seen the full recovery in some of the industrial end markets. You see great strength in things that are semiconductor materials, financial ladens that shows through across our businesses. But in some of the what I'll call historically core industry. You haven't seen a full recovery over the last couple of years. So that's what is kind of embedded in the numbers.
Jack Meehan: Got it. Stephen, any color on 4Q for the segment?
Stephen Williamson: Nice we've continued good performance at business and bookings growth strong in the quarter and outlook for Q4 and '22 look very positive.
Jack Meehan: Thank you.
Marc Casper: Thanks Jack.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin of Bank of America.
Marc Casper: Hi Derik?
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good morning. A couple of questions, so just taken a little bit follow up on Jack's question there. Any issues in shipping analytical instruments in the quarter and getting things installed means just getting into labs or logistics and remain around. I'm just wondering if 3Q is always a little bit with squarely quarter anyway, given seasonality. I just was wondering if the results with something compounded just in terms of not being able to ship some products, you get some things out the door, get some revenues recognized because of the current situations?
Marc Casper: Nothing that jumps out at me is being significant, Derik. When I think about bookings were stronger and maybe shipping took a day or two longer or so, it could be some math in that but none of our teams talked about lab not ready shipping delays. No, nobody -- nobody used this is a discussion topic in our deeper reviews with the business. So is possibly, but nothing that jumped out as being material from that perspective. Bookings were strong, so I think that's -- that's encouraging for the upcoming few quarters.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. And Marc, how are you thinking about wage inflation and -- and retention? And particularly this is relates to, as you think about PPD, I mean, obviously there's a big war for talent in the clinical research associate population, transitions between -- acquisitions of CRO's tend to create some volatility in terms of headcount. And I'm just thinking about you and your Biopharma services segment, how you're dealing with potential disruptions or trying to stem off some of the headwinds you could see there?
Marc Casper: So when I think about our team, let's start with the Thermo Fisher Scientific team and make a brief comment about PPD. We have a terrific team. They have delivered these spectacular results for year-in-year-out, quarter-on-quarter out, including in very trying times of the pandemic and they make a difference. And we have done a really -- we've been really focused on ensuring that this is the best place to work. And we we've rewarded our teams. We talked last quarter about some of the additional compensation actions we've taken. We continue to do that. Recognize the strong performance.  We've invested in our facilities, training, we are recognized for world-class development training. It's just things that we continue to focus on. And that really has allowed us to have very, very strong retention of our teams. PPD is a very well-run business with a great leadership team that's navigating the environment while the business is performing very well.  There is no disruption to the integration. We're literally is lifting it as it is and running it as it is going forward. And over time, we're going to come up with some great new solutions that'll make a difference for customers, but this is a growth-oriented, customer-oriented, patients-benefit acquisition. The feedback that the PPD team that's getting on their colleagues is super positive and super excited and we're looking forward to the transition to our Company on the -- in the Fourth Quarter.
Derik De Bruin: If I can squeeze one more in on China. How much of your portfolio is manufactured in China that would not be subjected to the buy -- or would be the sort of -- would be part of the buy-local sort of like push there. Just some idea on your manufacturing footprint there, and what we consider as being outside versus inside China?
Marc Casper: We have very scale manufacturing facilities in China for China. And we also import a number of products into the market. And the way you can almost think about it is, if there is no local alternative for the products, you often see them imported into the country. If there is local alternatives, they often come from either our Chinese operations or other low cost regions around the world.  That's the way to think about. It's a 100% accurate as I'm sure there's some things that have low for competition that could shift into the country, but that's the strategy at a high level and that is the [Indiscernible]. We're well-positioned to support our Chinese customers. And in areas where the Chinese customers really want high degree of supply chain assuredness, things like single-use technologies. We built a very scale facility in Suzhou to be able to meet those needs.
Derik De Bruin: Thank you.
Marc Casper: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Dan Arias of Stifel.
Dan Arias: Morning, guys. Thanks for the questions. Marc, 2 questions for you, 1 on BioPharma and 1 on [indiscernible] if I can, On BioPharma, I'm just curious what your expected for flash spending at the end of the year here. Obviously, plenty of nuances in that segment. So do you feel like it's more or less likely to be just sort of similar to what we've seen in non-pandemic years?
Marc Casper: Yes.So Dan, good morning. In terms of pharma biotech, business performed really well. In terms of the growth that we are delivering with a 20% -- better than 20% growth in the quarter. What we're assuming -- this is the convention we use every year. We're assuming an average year-end spend across our customer base and we really don't get visibility until right after the thanksgiving holiday. So we use that convention and that's served us well. I think most years has been average or above average. There's 1 year that it was below average from our collection over the last number. That's how we think about it.
Dan Arias: And then maybe on the NIH funding dynamic, which you've usually got a pretty decent line of sight into. As we head into next year, I'm just curious if you have a view on the budget and the way that it looks like it might be allocated just given that you have that core budget and that RPA age component, are you hearing anything about the RPA age funding and whether it would sort of just be accessible on the basic researchers. I mean, I don't want -- I don't feel -- I don't want to come out of left field with that one if that's what sounds like but it seems like that is a question in the academic world, and there really aren't too many people to ask about that so I'd figured, I'd throw it out there.
Marc Casper: So, Dan, it's not clear yet and I think that ARFA (ph) age concept is a really important concept for the U.S., right? The way to think about it is you have defense spending, right? And defense spending prepares for all of the what could happen [Indiscernible] invest in different technologies to defend the country [Indiscernible] -H is the healthcare equivalent. It's investments and things to anticipate future challenges, as opposed to typically our researchers solving clearly known challenges that you have now.  And so I think that the fact that we're going to longer-term funding that will prepare for the next pandemic or other future challenges. I think it's fantastic and will spurt great research. How that exactly it's going to be allocated, I haven't seen any available come out, but I haven't seen the details of how that's going to be done, and I know that the U.S. is not the only country that's talking about using vehicles like this. So I think this is one of the reasons that we're so excited about what the Scientific funding is going to be like going forward in our industry and we're incredibly well-positioned to serve that.
Dan Arias: Okay, I appreciate that. Thanks, Marc.
Marc Casper: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar for Evercore.
Vijay Kumar: Hey guys, congrats on a nice [Indiscernible] and thanks for taking my question. Marc, maybe one on fiscal [Indiscernible] guidance rates here by a couple of 100 million, looks like the base came up by 250. I'm curious where the strength is coming from. Would you say that's coming from BioPharma across-the-board? Or what is driving that base improvement?
Marc Casper: So, Vijay, good morning. Thanks for the question. As I thought about the 2022, we obviously saw strength across our Company in Q3 and -- in the core and we flowed that entirely into the next year. And obviously, very strong performance in pharmabiotech, so that's very encouraging and it is obviously a large driver of that, but we saw, we could -- still could perform actually across the different parts of our business. So I don't want to say it reflects the portfolio of activities that we have is the way you think about the strength with core.
Vijay Kumar: And then just, I think to clarify that more, in the base now includes vaccine contribution, but this is -- I guess what you're saying is this across the board. This is not just vaccine outlook improvement, correct?
Stephen Williamson: Just to clarify, so [Indiscernible] within the guidance rate for next year, it's basically up $250 million, which includes 190 from the base plus $60 million more vaccine therapies. The combination of all of that is 250 for the core and then slightly decreased because of FX, less tailwind. The strength of the base business and back-end therapy that's being carried forward into '22.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, Steve, and then just one quick one on -- on the tax side. How should we think about any potential tax reform changes in impact to Thermo?
Marc Casper: So the guidance we've given here, it doesn't assume any significant U.S tax reform or other tax reform across the world. And we continue to monitor the changing dynamics closely in DC and advocate for changing needs to happen with the right change happens with -- with but have unintended consequences for the aggression. Revenue raise is being paid for but let's make sure if that's being done in a logical way. Company have a competitive advantage in that tax position versus other well-run companies and we expect that competitive advantage to be continued forward through whatever changes potentially can happen. So that's the best way to think about tax for the Company.
Vijay Kumar: Thank you, guys.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Vijay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Brennan of [Indiscernible]
Dan Brennan: Great. Thanks for -- Thanks for taking the question, Marc. It's hard to find anything positive to shout out for the adjusted basis point. So the first question is just on bio -- is on bioproduction. So maybe I missed it in the prepared remarks. Can you just discuss what the base growth did this quarter. So x the COVID contribution and kind of what's implied in 4Q and 22 and any color on trends there.
Marc Casper: Yeah. So Dan, thanks for the question. And in terms of the [Indiscernible] is painful for sure. In terms of bioproduction, exactly the opposite of that which is things that are extremely robust and doing very well. So when I think about the -- I'll give it at this the Biotech and pharmaceutical level. With a little bit over 20% growth in the quarter, you had a $510 million of vaccine and therapy revenue. We saw very strong growth, excluding the contribution from vaccines and therapies as well.  When you look to the Outlook, while we don't guide obviously by segment, we would expect that from a Biotech that continues to be very strong and we're expecting a meaningful level of growth coming from that in 2022 as well. The end-market looks very robust. Scientific discoveries are very strong. Customer demand is good, and we're seeing strong interest in our clinical trials. Packaging and logistics capabilities, that bodes well. Especially, the cycle is very good and we're well-positioned to capitalize on.  I think one of the things that maybe investors don't have a 100% understanding of, if you think about what the Company looks like upon close of PPD, we have about $20 billion of revenue serving pharmaceutical and biotech. But half of that is actually serving production. And when you think about that, that's the largest position serving the production market by far. And we obviously have very attractive positions in serving both clinical trials and the research activities as well. So we're well-positioned to deliver great growth into the future.
Dan Brennan: Great thank you for that and then maybe just a high-level follow-up on at the Analyst Day. Obviously, the 7% - 9% growth outlook was stronger than expected. And I know at the time you discussed execution in LPN markets to support that outlook. We certainly feel the question from investors regarding Thermo typically has set a reasonably conservative bar and executed well against that. So just -- maybe just wondering is 7 - 9%, should we think about that similarly having any conservative advice and so can you help us think through any of the drivers or details of that guidance? Thanks Marc.
Marc Casper: You made me smile, which is good. We haven't even gotten into the period yet, which we'll get there right in terms, we're still working on 2021 right now. But when I think about the philosophy around the 7 to 9 is the exact same philosophy that we had when we had the continued increase in growth over time at the Company. Which is you sign up for targets when you are able to do and you demonstrated you're delivering it and you have confidence in your ability to do that. And we have great confidence in our ability to deliver the 7% to 9% growth.  We're not going to cap ourselves at the 7 to 9, right? So we're going to focus on delivering as much as we can and deliver great performance. And we'll look at the strength of our end-markets and what's our share gains look like and set the appropriate annual targets. But we felt that 7 to 9 was an appropriate number. One that we have a high degree of confidence in the ability to deliver and with the goal to work to the biggest possible number we can overtime.
Dan Brennan: Thank you.
Marc Casper: Welcome, Dan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Puneet Souda of Leerink.
Puneet Souda: Thanks, Marc. Thanks for taking the question. First one, just a clarification. I know 5 to 11 year - olds vaccinations were voted positively by the panel yesterday. So just wondering if that's already contemplated into this guidance. I know that was a little bit later in the day, so likely not, but I just wanted to confirm. And also on the boosters what I wanted to confirm if that is also contemplated in the fourth quarter and increased for vaccines in 2022.
Marc Casper: So, Puneet, when I think about how we've done our outlook on vaccine and therapy, it really is based on dialogue with our customers and orders that they have given us. Some of -- some 100% on work, and some are going to say we are going to give you the work on the paperwork and some of it is in the orders. So it's less about children or boosters are those things and actually what our customer you are saying, the activity that they want. But obviously things like vaccine mandates and booster shots and children adds to the durability of the demand for vaccines and therapies. We're largely operating with our capacity so you don't get short-term swings in the volumes based on new pronouncements or you get them over time. So that's how we thought about it.
Puneet Souda: Great. Thanks. And the last question for me, is this some capacity expansion. Could you provide a view into the need for further capacity expansion in bioproduction at this point? You open the Switzerland site for biologics production, larger vessels, pipette tube production as well that's coming onboard, Keep facility expansions that have happened. So overall just wondering what you're hearing from the biotherapeutics customers overall. And from the C-suites there, in terms of the demand and your need to further expanded capacity at this point in the cycle of post-COVID.
Marc Casper: In general, Puneet, we have, in-flight. The activities that we need to meet the anticipated demand. Obviously, we're going to complete a lot of these projects during the course of 2022. A little bit goes into 2023. But it's largely what we have started already. If there are specific opportunities that are part of our longer-term roadmap that makes a difference. You may see us evaluate them, but there's not a long list of those. We've been very aggressive to position ourselves to meet our customers future needs. And the commitments we've gotten and that puts us in a great spot. So, that's how we thought about. So let me --
Puneet Souda: Great thank you.
Marc Casper: Wrap it up here and I want to thank everybody for participating and with a strong nine months behind us, we're in a great position to achieve another excellent year. As always, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific and we look forward to updating you early in 2022. Thanks everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2021 second quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If youd like to ask a question during this time, simply press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press the pound key. Thank you. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Rafael Tejada, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Tejada, you may begin the call.
Rafael Tejada: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com under the heading, News and Events until August 13, 2021. A copy of the press release of our second quarter 2021 earnings is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading, Financials. Before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the companys future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from this indicated by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which are on file with the SEC and available in the Investors section of our website under the heading, Financials - SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change, therefore you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today.  Also during this call, we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our second quarter 2021 earnings and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading, Financials. With that, Ill now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thanks Raf and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our second quarter call. As you saw in our press release, we executed on our growth strategy to deliver another fantastic quarter in Q2 with excellent growth on both the top and bottom line. As I reflect on the first half of the year, three things stand out to me: first, our teams exceptional execution operating with speed at scale to deliver on our growth strategy and gain share; second, were already seeing the benefit of the accelerated investments we initiated in 2020; and third, the power of our PPI business system, which enables our performance. These three factors position us exceptionally well to deliver a fantastic 2021 and provide terrific momentum as we enter 2022. Ill cover each of these topics in more depth in my remarks, but first let me recap the financials. Our revenue in Q2 grew 34% year-over-year to $9.27 billion. Our adjusted operating income for the second quarter increased 44% to $2.69 billion and our adjusted operating margin expanded 200 basis points to 29% for the quarter. Finally, we delivered another quarter of exceptional adjusted EPS performance, achieving a 44% increase to $5.60 per share. Turning to our end markets, we continue to see excellent conditions driven by three factors: robust fundamentals in the life sciences, strong economic activity globally, and the role our industry is playing in the pandemic response. Our unique competitive position and excellent execution by our team has allowed us to gain share and deliver another outstanding quarter.  Starting with pharma and biotech, we had outstanding performance with growth of over 30% driven by strong underlying market conditions, the benefit of our unique customer value proposition, and our leading role in supporting our customers across a wide range of exciting therapeutic areas, including our significant role in COVID-19 vaccines and therapies. We saw excellent growth across all businesses serving these customers, including bio production, pharma services, bio sciences, chromatography and mass spectrometry, and in our research and safety market channel. We are clearly benefiting from our trusted partner status that weve earned over many years with these customers. In academic and government, we grew 35% this quarter. We saw very strong growth across our businesses supporting this customer base, especially in bio sciences, electron microscopy, and the research and safety market channel.  Turning to industrial and applied, we grew approximately 30% during the quarter as the team continues to execute at a high level to capture opportunities. In Q2, we had particularly strong growth in electron microscopy and chromatography and mass spectrometry business.  Finally in diagnostics and healthcare, we grew in the high teens during the quarter and were seeing customer demand in our base business approach pre-pandemic levels. Our immunodiagnostics and transplant diagnostics businesses delivered outstanding growth. Also in diagnostics and healthcare, demand for COVID-19 testing related products grew to approximately $1.4 billion. Let me wrap up the end market recap with a quick comment on our role in the pandemic response. Since the beginning of the pandemic, we have played the largest role in the life science tools and diagnostics industry in supporting the societal response and delivering critical solutions for our customers and governments around the world. In the second quarter, we generated a total of $1.9 billion, bringing our first half COVID-19 response revenue to $4.7 billion. One of the benefits of our response activity is the ability it gives us to accelerate investments and position the company for a phenomenal future. You know about the additions to capacity, capabilities and new products that we are making, and we are also continuing to invest in our colleagues. Building on our investments last year, we are again providing all non-executive colleagues with a special recognition payment of two weeks additional pay to reflect the incredible contributions to our success. This is just one of the many measures we are taking to ensure we remain the employer of choice across the life sciences industry. Let me turn to the great progress we made in Q2 on our growth strategy, which is based on three pillars: launching high impact innovative new products, leveraging our scale in the high growth and emerging markets, and delivering a unique value proposition to our customers. Let me give you a few examples. Ill start with innovation. We launched a number of new products across our businesses to further strengthen our industry leadership and enable our customers to accelerate scientific breakthroughs. Let me highlight a few.  In chromatography and mass spectrometry, we launched the new Thermo Scientific Orbitrap IQX Tribrid mass spectrometer which further extends the impact of our industry-leading Orbitrap platform to accelerate small molecule analysis for metabolized and other complex compounds. In our electron microscopy business, we introduced the Thermo Scientific Helios 5 EXL wafer dual beam scanning electron microscope, a very important tool to help semiconductor customers more efficiently ramp up production of new smaller and more complex microprocessors and memory devices. In our bio sciences business, we launched several new products including two instruments to advance cell analysis. The Invitrogen Bigfoot Spectral Sorter is a powerful cell sorting tool based on the technology we acquired from Propel Labs in Q1, and the Invitrogen Attune CytPix Flow Spectrometer, which offers enhanced imaging capability to enable researchers and cell therapy developers to better understand cell biology.  Turning to the second pillar of our growth strategy, we continue to leverage our scale to create an outstanding experience for customers in the high growth and emerging markets. This has contributed to the excellent growth and share gain we are delivering across Asia Pacific. Let me cover a couple of the highlights. In China, we delivered strong growth of just under 30% in the quarter. The team is ramping up our new single use technology facility in Suzhou. In India, we demonstrated speed at scale at our genetic sciences facility in Bengaluru which shipped millions of COVID-19 PCR tests to support the countrys response to the pandemic. We also have contributed $10 million in urgently needed products and donations to help India bring the crisis under control. Our performance across the region demonstrates that were creating a differentiated experience for our customers and the significant investments that weve made in these markets are fueling growth. The third pillar of our growth strategy is our customer value proposition, and we continue to increase our capabilities and capacity to be an even better partner for our customers and help them achieve their goals. Building on our significant investments last year, in 2021 were executing on over $2.5 billion in capex to further expand our capacity and capabilities. Its exciting to see the continued progress of these investments. For example, during the quarter we brought additional capacity online around the world to support customers production of vaccines and therapies. These include sterile fill/finish lines in Italy and Greenville, North Carolina, expanding our single use technology capacity in our facility in Logan, Utah, and adding to our Lithuania site for the production of essential raw materials used in the mRNA vaccines. These investments in our value proposition demonstrate our commitment to our customers who rely on us as an essential partner in their work. During the quarter, we announced a number of collaborations with leading academic medical centers. The combination of our innovation and our unique customer value proposition positions us to move science forward. For example, were collaborating with the Mayo Clinic to develop more precise and personalized diagnostics for blood-based cancers, allergy, autoimmunity, and therapeutic drug monitoring. This work will leverage our insight and technology in clinical next-gen sequencing, immunology, and clinical mass spectrometry.  In addition, we announced that well build and operate a state-of-the-art cell therapy development, manufacturing and collaboration center at the University of California San Francisco to advance innovation in cell and gene therapy. These partnerships will lead to new capabilities for our customers and ultimately better outcomes for patients. As always, our PPI business system was a major factor in our success during Q2. This discipline and our mission-driven culture helps us to find a better way every day so we can continue to bring more innovative new solutions to our customers, work more efficiently and effectively, operate with speed at scale, and create even greater value for all of our stakeholders. Turning to capital deployment, we announced the acquisition of PPD at the beginning of the quarter. This acquisition will establish Thermo Fisher as a leader in the attractive and high growth clinical research services industry and add highly complementary services for our fastest growing end market. The integration plan is going extremely well. Ive been very impressed with the world-class talent Ive met during the integration planning process. Were looking forward to welcoming our PPD colleagues to Thermo Fisher upon closing of the transaction. Before turning to guidance, let me update you on our progress on our ESG initiatives. As the world leader in serving science, we know that our role goes beyond the work we do to enable our customers and value we create for our shareholders. It extends to our responsibility to make the world a better place. To that end, we continue to advance our sustainability initiatives. Yesterday, we announced our commitment to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. This builds on our existing goal to reduce greenhouse gas emissions across our operations by 2030. Were moving forward on this front by making our facilities more energy efficient, increasing our use of renewable energy, and reducing waste in our operations while also innovating across our portfolio to enable customers to meet their sustainability needs. This is aligned with our commitment to do business the right way and to fulfilling our mission to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Now let me turn to our guidance for 2021.  Driven by our very strong start to the first half of the year and our confidence in the full year outlook, were raising both our revenue and earnings guidance for the full year. Stephen will cover the assumptions behind our guidance, Ill cover the highlights. Were raising our revenue guidance by $300 million to $35.9 billion, which represents 11% reported growth over 2020. In terms of adjusted EPS, were raising our guidance by $0.10 to $22.07, which will represent 13% growth over 2020.  Before I turn the call over to Stephen, let me summarize our key takeaways from Q2.  Our team is doing an outstanding job of executing our proven growth strategy to strengthen our competitive position. Our PPI business system is enabling our ability to operate with speed at scale. Our business is performing extremely well and gaining share. All of this enabled us to deliver excellent first half results and positioned us to deliver a fantastic 2021, and provides terrific momentum as we enter 2022. Finally, Id like to thank my 80,000 colleagues for their dedication to our company, our customers, and for once again delivering another excellent quarter. Now Ill turn the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks Marc and good morning everyone. Ill begin with a high level summary of our Q2 performance. We had another excellent quarter and grew our revenue 34%, including 28% organic growth. As Marc mentioned, our growth strategy is enabling us to take share on top of strong market conditions. As a result, in Q2 we were able to deliver 27% organic growth in the base business and continue our industry-leading response to the pandemic, generating $1.9 billion of COVID-19 response revenue in the quarter. Our PPI business system enabled us to generate excellent pull through on the very strong top line growth and is also enabling us to execute really well on our significant growth investments. As a result, we grew our adjusted EPS in Q2 by 44% to $5.60 and delivered $1.7 billion of free cash flow - overall, another excellent quarter. Now let me provide some more color on the Q2 performance. GAAP EPS in the quarter was $4.61, up 59% from Q2 last year. On the top line, our Q2 reported revenue grew 34% year-over-year. The components of our Q2 reported revenue increase included 28% organic growth, 2% from acquisitions, and a tailwind of approximately 5% from foreign exchange. As I mentioned, the base business organic growth was 27%. Turning to our performance by geography during the quarter, North America grew 25%, Europe grew 35%, Asia Pacific and China both grew just under 30%, and rest of the world grew low double digits.  Turning to our operational performance, Q2 adjusted operating income increased 44% and adjusted operating margin was 29%, 200 basis points higher than Q2 last year. In the quarter, our PPI business system enabled us to deliver very strong contributions from volume and productivity. We also had favorable business mix. This was partly offset by the ongoing strategic investments across our businesses to support our near and long term growth. Included in the investments in the quarter is over $100 million of supplementary cash bonuses for the non-executive colleagues, and we recorded a similar amount in Q1. This is to recognize the extraordinary work that our colleagues continue to do for our customers, communities and shareholders. Our ongoing investment in our colleagues and capacity and capabilities are ensuring a really bright future for the company. Moving onto the details of the P&L, total company adjusted gross margin in the quarter came in at 50.6%, flat to Q2 of the prior year. In the quarter, we delivered strong productivity and had positive business mix. This was offset by strategic investments. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 17.9% of revenue, a decrease of 200 basis points versus Q2 2020, reflecting strong volume leverage. Total R&D expense was approximately $340 million, representing growth of 29% versus Q2 2020 and reflects the increased investments in high impact innovation to fuel future growth. Looking at results below the line for the quarter, our net interest expense was $111 million, $17 million lower than Q2 last year largely due to lower net debt. Adjusted other income and expense was a net income in the quarter of $3 million, $13 million lower than Q2 2020 mainly due to changes in non-operating FX.  Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 14%. This was 250 basis points versus Q2 last year due to the increase in pre-tax profit.  Average diluted shares were 396 million in Q2, about 2 million lower year-over-year driven by share repurchases net of option dilution. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, the cash flow performance enabled by our PPI business system was very strong in the first half of the year. Year-to-date cash flow from continuing operations was $4.2 billion, up 88% from the same period last year. Year-to-date free cash flow was $3 billion, up 76% over the same period last year, and thats after investing $1.2 billion of net capital expenditure. This reflects the strong return were generating in the short term and the investments were making for the long term. We returned over $100 million to shareholders through dividends in the quarter. This reflects the 18% dividend increase we announced in February. We ended Q2 with $7 billion in cash and $18.8 billion of total debt. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 1.4 times gross debt to adjusted EBITDA, and 0.9 times on a net debt basis. In concluding my comments on our total company performance, adjusted ROIC was 22.5%, up 10 percentage points from Q2 last year as we continue to generate exceptional returns.  Now Ill provide some color on the performance of our four business segments. Similar to the last few quarters, Ill start with some framing thoughts on the impact of the COVID-19 response on our segment results. From a revenue standpoint, as was the case in the last three quarters, the majority of the COVID-19 response revenue is recognized in life science solutions with the remainder recognized in laboratory products and services and specialty diagnostics. From a margin standpoint, the impact of COVID-19 differed across the segments based on the scale of the response revenue and the different levels of profitability on that revenue. In addition, during the quarter we continued to make strategic investments across all of our businesses. The size of those investments does not necessarily align with the COVID-19 response revenue in each segment, so that does skew some of the reported segment margins. Moving onto the segment details, starting with life science solutions, Q2 reported revenue in this segment increased 37% and organic growth was 29%. In the quarter, we delivered exceptionally strong growth in our bio sciences and bio production businesses. Q2 adjusted operating income in life sciences solutions increased 39% and adjusted operating margin was 48.3%, up 90 basis points year over year. In the quarter, we drove strong volume pull through and saw positive business mix, which were partially offset by the strategic investments. We also had a tailwind on margins from FX in this segment in Q2. In the analytical instruments segment, reported revenue increased 41% in Q2 and organic growth was 36%. During the quarter, we saw excellent growth in all businesses within this segment. Q2 adjusted operating income in analytical instruments increased 107% and adjusted operating margin was 18.9%, up 600 basis points year over year. During the quarter, we drove very strong volume and pull through and productivity, which more than offset the strategic investments that were making across this segment. Turning to specialty diagnostics, in Q2 reported revenue in this segment increased 25% and organic growth was 21%. During Q2, we delivered exceptionally strong growth in the immunodiagnostics and transplant diagnostics businesses. Adjusted operating income increased 15% in the quarter and adjusted operating margin was 19.9%, down 170 basis points from the prior year. In Q2, the positive volume leverage and favorable business mix were more than offset by the continued strategic investments in this segment. Finally in the [indiscernible] products and services segment, Q2 reported revenue increased 29%, organic growth was 23%. In the quarter, we saw excellent growth in all our businesses in this segment. Adjusted operating income in the segment increased 59% and adjusted operating margin was 12.4%, which is 230 basis points higher than the prior year. In the quarter we delivered positive volume leverage and favorable business mix, and that was partially offset by strategic investments.  With that, now let me turn to our updated 2021 guidance. As Marc mentioned, were raising both our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance, reflecting the strength of our Q2 performance along with a stronger outlook for the base business in the second half of the year. In terms of revenue, were raising our full year guidance by $300 million to $35.9 billion and increasing our full year organic growth to 9%.  The increase in revenue guidance is driven by three factors: an increase in the base business organic growth outlook for the full year from 8% to 12%, an updated assumption of $6.7 billion of COVID-19 response revenue for 2021, and a slightly more favorable FX tailwind than previously assumed. Let me give you additional details on each of these factors. Starting with the base business, here were increasing the outlook by $850 million, reflecting our great Q2 performance and a stronger outlook for growth in the second half of the year. This increases our 2021 full year organic growth outlook for the base business by 400 basis points to 12%. Our end markets are very strong and were executing very well on our growth strategy and increased strategic investments to drive excellent performance. Moving onto COVID-19 response revenue, our role in supporting COVID-19 vaccines and therapies continues to increase and we now expect $1.8 billion of related revenue in 2021, up $300 million from the prior guide. Approximately half that $1.8 billion was recognized in the first half of the year. Given the strength of both the base business growth and our vaccine and therapy response, weve taken the opportunity in this revised guidance to significantly de-risk the outlook for testing. Weve lowered the full year testing related response revenue by $900 million from the prior guidance. Were now assuming it will be $4.9 billion for 2021, of which $3.8 billion was delivered in the first half of the year, leaving just over a billion dollars to go in the second half. There continues to be a wide range of outcomes for testing in the second half of the year. There are scenarios where the pandemic could increase in intensity, driving a higher need for testing. Should that be the case, wed be well positioned to support customer needs and will flow this benefit back through our P&L; but for now, we thought it was prudent to take the opportunity to de-risk the outlook. The third and final element of the revenue guidance raise is FX. Rates continue to fluctuate. They went favorable to those from our prior guidance for most of Q2 and then moderated significantly. The net of this result is an increase in our FX revenue tailwind for the year, which is now assumed to be $525 million, up $50 million versus the prior guidance. Taking account of the different margin profiles of the revenue changes Ive just outlined, were increasing our annual adjusted EPS guidance by $0.10 to $22.07, which will result in 13% growth over 2020. With the revenue mix assumed in the guide, we now estimate that the adjusted operating margin for the full year would be approximately 29.7%, in line with 2020.  The other elements of our guidance remain the same as the prior guide. Let me remind you of some of those assumptions. Weve not included any operational benefit in 2021 from the acquisition of PPD. When we get more clarity on the actual close date, well provide an estimate of any potential impact in 2021. We expect net interest expense in 2021 to be approximately $510 million. As a reminder, included within that number is $40 million or $0.10 of adjusted EPS as a placeholder for pre-financing for the PPD transaction. We expect the adjusted income tax rate to be 14% in 2021. Were assuming net capital expenditures of approximately $2.5 billion to $2.7 billion, and free cash flow of approximately $7 billion in 2021. Our guidance still includes $3.8 billion of capital deployment, which is $2 billion of share buybacks which were completed in Q1, $1.4 billion for completed M&A, and $400 million of capital returned to shareholders through dividends. We estimate the full year average diluted share count to be 397 million shares. Finally, I wanted to touch on the phasing of revenue dollars and adjusted EPS for the remainder of the year. When I think about the split of the second half P&L between Q3 and Q4, we are assuming that the results will be slightly weighted to Q4. As you think about that split, remember the placeholder for PPD financing is all in Q4. To conclude, we delivered another excellent quarter and were in great position to achieve our 2021 goals as we move into the second half of the year. With that, Ill turn the call back over to Raf.
Rafael Tejada: Thank you Stephen. Operator, were ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore.
Vijay Kumar: Hey guys, congrats on a solid [indiscernible] this morning. Marc, one on the guidance here. Overall revenues were up, increased by $300 million for the year, but your COVID response revenues were lower by 600 and the implied math on base is its up 850 million ex-FX contribution. Thats a big number, and thats all coming here--you know, most of it seems to be in the back half. Im curious, what changed versus the prior assumptions, which segments are coming in better? Clearly we saw analytical tech come in better, and Im curious if it has any implications for fiscal 22.
Marc Casper: Yes Vijay, thanks for the question. As I look at the base business outlook, really incredibly strong Q2. The performance, the 27% base business organic growth, the business is really firing on all cylinders, and orders were very strong. The informal dialog you have with customers is very bullish about market conditions and also, more importantly, our role in supporting them, and that gave us confidence that 12% organic growth for our base business activities is an appropriate guidance for the full year, so we feel really good about that. Youre seeing the benefits of the acceleration in our growth strategy investments that we started in the second half of last year. Youre seeing those things start to come into the new products that we launched, the collaborations, new capabilities. Its really a super exciting time, and were excited about it in terms of what the fundamental outlook is for the base business.
Vijay Kumar: Understood, and one for us, Stephen, on the margins here, I think you called it out, one time or maybe two weeks of extra pay. What was the impact, and is that expected to continue in the second half? I think you mentioned a billion dollars of testing in back half, and I think the comment you used was its de-risked, so Im curious, do you have any tenders for orders that gives visibility into those numbers?
Marc Casper: Stephen, why dont you do the margin, and Ill talk about the testing.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, when we think about the mix of change in our guidance, it brought down the margin profile for the full year down to about 29.7%, which is down about 15 basis points from what Id assumed in my prior guide. Thats kind of taken into consideration the different mix of contribution margins in the revenue changes. 
Marc Casper: Yes, and in terms of the response revenue and on the testing side of the equation, we took this strategy around de-risking the outlook. We had a strong quarter, actually, at $1.4 billion of testing, felt reasonably good about that, and we actually have a number of orders for the second half. We felt that given how much dialog there is around testing just generally and so much noise, we just felt that taking that off the table felt like the right thing to do, and were well positioned, as you know, given our relationships and capacity. If things like the delta variant continue to drive more demand for testing, then obviously were going to be higher than the number we assumed in the guidance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen. 
Doug Schenkel: Hey guys, can you hear me?
Marc Casper: Perfectly.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, sorry about that. I had some technical difficulties. I guess a question as we think about 2022, and I know youre not going to guide on this call and Im going to apologize for--
Marc Casper: Dont apologize.
Doug Schenkel: But I mean, at some level, to maybe just cut to the chase, is it reasonable to take the three-year revenue and EPS targets from your 2019 analyst day at the mid to high end, layer in some lingering COVID-19 relief revenue at the top and bottom line, and then add in whatever were going to model for PPD and basically take those three components and add them up and use that as kind of a construct for thinking about 2022? Is there any reason to not just boil it down to that construct at this point?
Marc Casper: Doug, Im going to give you terrific news, which is were going to hold an analyst day on September 17 and were going to give some early thoughts about 2022 to help with some of the ways to think about modeling, and not what I would call official guidance for the year but at least some scenarios to help that, and then give the three-year outlook going forward. We thought an analyst day would be the best way, because we think its a great question. What I would say, as you think about between now and whatever it is, seven weeks now, as for 2022, the performance of the base business is super cool - you know, 12% organic growth. Were going to be entering the year with a very strong order book with very strong momentum, and more and more of those investments that weve made and are making positions us for great momentum in 2022.  Were going to play a meaningful role in what our customers need on their response, right? 2022 seems like a long way off, but Id say obviously vaccines and therapies are going to be super relevant and there will be testing, the question is at what level. Well try to do some scenarios to help with that, but nobody knows what the demand is going to be for testing next year, so there will be range of outcomes around that, but Im excited. PPD, obviously youd add whatever assumptions for next year to the numbers from a capital deployment perspective, so 2022 is going to be another great year for the company.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, all right. Thanks for that, Marc. Then I guess as my follow-up, maybe Ill just throw the two quick ones out there. The first is as you know as well as anybody, there is a ton of labs globally that built out new infrastructure for COVID-19 testing using Thermo products. What are you seeing at these sites now? Testing volumes, theyre slowing but still robust. What Im curious about is as we move towards the fall, are you seeing these labs move more into four-in-one testing, and then I guess beyond that, is there any move toward broader infectious disease testing at these sites, because I think that would help us as we think about the durability of whats occurred in that category. Then the other one I just want to sneak in for Stephen, COVID-19 revenue has clearly been a boon to operating margins. That said, underlying margin seems to be tracking quite nicely. Maybe I should be able to do this math real quick, but I havent. Im just wondering, if you take COVID-19 revenue contributions out of your 2021 targets, where do you believe 2021 operating margin would come out? Thank you.
Marc Casper: Those would be good two or three-hour long conversations, but Ill take a shot at it, and Stephen, certainly feel free to add. When I think about the COVID testing demand and what are we seeing, what I would say is we obviously have built--we have and had built during the pandemic a huge installed base around the world. For us, the activities we do across all of the countries is the huge driver of our activity, so a lot of what we read about is whats going in the U.S., and the U.S. testing demand is definitely less at this moment, although obviously cases are starting to increase, but theres quite a bit of demand around the world and certain customers are preparing for a respiratory panel for the winter season, and obviously well have that. Were going to support our customers at whatever level of demand that they need. In terms of margins, Ill make it sort of whats the philosophy, and then Stephen, if you want to add, feel free. Were not thinking about it base business versus COVID, were thinking about how do we manage the company appropriately in terms of the profitability of the company and the investment rate for the going forward. I think one of the things that if you kind of do very simple math, and Ill do it from an EPS perspective, we raised our--based on the very strong outlook for the year and the very strong first half, we raised our EPS by $0.10 in the guidance. We chose to invest another $0.25 in our colleagues, right - the $100 million in the Q2 additional payment is an investment in the future, right, so we made a conscious decision. Obviously margins are very strong and well manage that appropriately. It really highlights the power of our PPI business system. 
Stephen Williamson: Yes, were really just focused on that. When you maximize the top line opportunity, invest appropriately for the future, it pays--were getting great--well get the right returns off that investment, and then the flow through then comes, so its less that were trying to manage to a margin expansion number than appropriately manage the P&L and invest appropriately for the future.
Marc Casper: Thanks Doug.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Nephron Research
Jack Meehan: Thank you, good morning. Marc, was hoping you could give us your latest thinking on capital allocation within the--you know, if I go back to the 2019 analyst day, you talked about $29 billion of deployment through 2022, though I think theres a view in the market that it could be a lot higher than that because of the COVID response sales, so my question is whats your latest view on ability to close deals as the multiples seem to be moving higher, and if not, why not do more buybacks? Youve only done $3.5 billion since the beginning of 2020.
Marc Casper: Jack, thanks for the question. In terms of capital deployment, first of all, its been an active year between--and Ill give you an update on PPD in a minute, but its been an active year. We obviously announced PPD, weve done a number of smaller bolt-on transactions, so weve been active. Our pipeline is quite busy. Were looking at things, were disciplined, and because our industry is so large and fragmented, were seeing opportunities to continue to build on our M&A strategy and execute against that, so from that perspective things are good. From a return of capital perspective, we felt the $2 billion that we did in terms of buybacks and increasing the dividend felt like the right return, given the M&A commitments weve made to PPD, and we certainly revisit our return of capital mix with our board periodically and well continue to do so. But right now, we continue to have M&A as the primary focus.  PPD, Ill spend a moment there because its a large commitment of capital. Ive been super impressed with the team. Ive gotten to meet a number of the team because of the integration planning. Its going very smoothly, the colleagues are very excited to become part of the company. As you see from some of the other companies in the CRL field that are reporting, the end markets are super good, the industry is doing well. PPD as a leader is very well positioned, so this is going to be a really good growth asset.  From the pathway to closure of the transaction, weve gotten most of the direct investment, the foreign investment approvals done, still got a little bit left to do there but thats pretty much done. Were working our way through the various anti-trust filings around the world, were collaborating with the FDC on second request, and were looking forward to closing the transaction by the end of the year, so thats a quick recap on capital deployment.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, and Jack, one thing to add. When I think back to 2019, the outlook around that use of cash and ROI, we put significantly higher investments in capex. Weve identified some great opportunities to invest organically, and were putting cash to work and getting great returns in really a short period of time as well, so thats another element as I think about how the companys evolved over that period of time.
Jack Meehan: Yes, definitely hear you on that. Just as a follow-up either for Marc or for Stephen, theres been a lot of discussion around inflation across the market, so I was curious to get your view, just ability to toggle pricing as a lever in the channel, how that is going, and then any thoughts around the supply chain, have you had any issues?
Stephen Williamson: Yes, I think when you look at the world, its unwinding from the recessionary impacts of the pandemic, and as a result youve got kinks in supply chain and clearly inflationary pressures in multiple different places. How large that impact is and how long it lasts for is still to be proven out. Were operating on the basis that it will be with us for some time. Our PPI business system enables us to effectively navigate events like this and run our operations efficiently, use our scale to partner with suppliers, and then maximize opportunities, as you mentioned, around pricing for certain products to help protect our margins. Thats not just [indiscernible] really across the portfolio, thats kind of the scale benefit of using our pricing discipline across the company, and weve navigated through this dynamic really well through the first half of the year, and I expect us to continue to do so going forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JP Morgan.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, good morning. Marc, Im wondering if you can talk a little bit more about the recovery in analytical instruments. I know you said it was widespread, but you did call out electron microscopy a couple times, so could you maybe just talk to that dynamic, how much of that do you think is pent-up demand how much of that is tied to the semi-cycle? Just curious for some more color there. 
Marc Casper: Tycho, good morning, thanks for the questions. Yes, our analytical instruments business performed extremely well, grew over 35% in the quarter, and all three businesses really performed very well - chemical analysis, chrom and mass spec, and materials and structural analysis [indiscernible]. When I think about the dynamics here, our new products, theyre very exciting, I mentioned a few of them this quarter as I did last, so the investments weve been making in R&D there are really paying off, and the end markets are good. You see that in electron microscopy, both in the adoption of the tools for life sciences applications, so the cryo electron microscopy, but you also see that across the material science applications, including semiconductor, and obviously from everything you read around whats going on in chip supply and investments there, that bodes well for the electron microscopy business for sure.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, thanks. Then for the follow-up, Ive actually got two quick ones. On COVID, I think you made a prudent move to take testing down. Just curious your latest thoughts on the durability on the vaccine and therapy side, what youre hearing from customers, obviously a lot of focus on boosters now. Then on margins, I know a lot of people are focused on 2022 operating margins. You did take up R&D by 20% last year, so maybe another way to ask the question is, how much of the opex do you think will carry through, or do you think youll reset R&D a little bit to drive more leverage? Thanks.
Stephen Williamson: Tycho, let me cover the margin question. I think the elevated investments are getting great returns, so were going to manage the company appropriately, spend appropriately, and have fueled really strong base business organic growth going forward. Should those returns not be in the right places, were going to obviously appropriately manage spend, and then as the pandemic response unwinds, we will appropriately deal with the variable costs that go with that and manage the P&L appropriately. We look forward to giving more details when were in a better position to do that around 2022.
Marc Casper: Tycho, in terms of the role that were playing in supporting the vaccines and therapies for COVID, its quite significant, right, and it cuts across both our pharma services capabilities for the active ingredients [indiscernible] as well as in the sterile fill/finish activities for the vaccines. We play obviously a very substantial role as the technology provider in our bio sciences business with things like enzymes, nucleotides, as well as in our single use technologies and cell culture media, so a very large role. We expect that to be about $1.8 billion this year. Demand is very robust, right, so for the industry its mostly about capacity coming online to support the demand, so we look at our momentum going into 2022, we would expect that the vaccine and therapy demand to be very strong given the likely demand for the response to the pandemic, and as our capacity comes more and more online, that positions us very well to meet the strong backlog of orders that weve been able to generate because we have the right solutions for our customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Arias with Stifel.
Dan Arias: Good morning guys, thanks for the question. Marc, on the new plasmid production site out in Carlsbad, I think you just opened up there, so when do you expect to be fully scaled up and going? Is there anything you can say about the extent to which capacity has already been booked there, just given that it sounds like thats a pretty supply constrained area? Then I think youre supporting mRNA vaccine work out there and Im just curious whether youre starting to talk to customers about projects maybe down the road with them on mRNA vaccines that are not related to COVID. Just thinking one of the open questions here is where are we headed with mRNA now that we have some proof of concept.
Marc Casper: Dan, great question. A few different things that are going on. Lets do the mRNA more broadly first. There has been a huge increase in investments in the biotech and pharmaceutical industry given the success that mRNA has had on the COVID vaccine, so that investment is both in next generation vaccines, combination vaccines, as well as just in the class of other diseases altogether. And yes, were in numerous dialogs in supporting those activities across our capabilities, so thats a wonderful tailwind for our largest segment of pharma and biotech in terms of customers, so that looks very strong. One of the things that we have seen is that in plasmid DNA, there has been a shortage of capacity for some period of time, and weve been addressing that by making significant organic investments. We have been able to secure meaningful orders for our new facility in Carlsbad. I had the opportunity to visit the facility in June - its awesome and super exciting. Its open - and we just did the ribbon cutting in early July, and well be producing product in the not distant future there and building momentum on that, and thats great. The customer base wanted choice and were giving them choice, and were excited about that. 
Dan Arias: Okay, appreciate that. Maybe just Stephen, just thinking about some of the other parts of bio production, on Novasep, I think the outlook last time was for $150 million in contributions from Novasep. Is that still the current outlook, because I felt like that was conservative last quarter just given that you had done almost half that, if not a little bit more than half that in Q1 alone, so just wanted to check.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, we secured some additional orders on the COVID response and its slightly higher - its about another $30 million to $40 million for the year, and thats included in that increasing guide for the response revenue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik de Bruin: Hi, good morning. A couple questions. I guess on the first one, can you talk a little bit about the China market - obviously it wasnt going to be as strong in the second quarter as it was in the first quarter, the growth, just given that China started to recover in the second quarter, but it was a little bit lower than I would have thought. Can you talk about the dynamics in the Chinese market?
Marc Casper: Yes, China is performing very well. When I think about the growth in the quarter of just under 30%, weve got 40% growth in the first half. I spent time with the team, activities have returned to pretty much normal. The [indiscernible] five-year plan is being implemented and that has tailwinds for our industry, and Thermo Fisher is well positioned to capitalize also, so I think about China in terms of our outlook and its off to a good start through the first half of the year.
Derik de Bruin : Got it. Im going to squeeze two in. I guess the first one is, can you talk a little bit about academic and government and what youre seeing in that market? That 35% growth, is any of that, do you think, tied to new funding thats coming up, is there a pick-up or is that just catch-up spending? Then another question I keep getting from people is I still think theres some concern over the impact of PPD on the margin, given its more of a people business than a razor and blade business. Just your general thoughts on the margin opportunity in PPD, thanks.
Marc Casper: Yes, so Derik, academic and government had a very good quarter, 35% growth, thats exciting. As you think about academic and government, obviously it was one of those segments of the four end markets we serve that was very affected last year in 2020 because of the pandemic, and in the second quarter, thats really the place you saw it the most. What youre seeing now is largely activity has returned back to normal around the world - I mean, it might be different, but actually the activity level is pretty normal, and what Im encouraged about is two things . One is widespread in terms of the performance across our businesses - you know, bio sciences, research and safety market channel that talks about activity is very high, and electron microscopy really excellent funding, so it talks about sort of the big capital funding there also was strong. Then when you look going forward, that really does look good because theres so much positive talk around the world about the funding. 
Stephen Williamson: Then on PPD, Derik, the margin profile of that whole industry is significantly lower than the company average, and knowing that eyes wide open going into this, the investment thesis in this asset is that margin expansion--well get some margin expansion from cost synergies, but it will be lower than the company average expansion year-over-year but be higher than average growth business. When you think about the growth in operating income dollars, it will be very equivalent to the rest of the company, so its just a slightly different P&L profile that were bringing into the company and you need to factor that is as youre thinking about modeling the company going forward. Its a scale business coming in at lower than the average margins, but that doesnt change the margin profile or the margin opportunity for the rest of the company and doesnt change the great outlook that we think PPD has, and were excited about bringing it into the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi.
Patrick Donnelly: Great, thanks for taking the questions, guys. Marc, maybe one on the specialty diagnostics business - you know, it came in a bit lower than we expected. Obviously a big chunk of that is the COVID testing piece, but can you just talk about the core business trends there, what the recovery path looks like in the back half?
Marc Casper: Yes Patrick, thanks for the question. When I look at the specialty diagnostics business, actually underlying whats going on in the business actually is quite encouraging. Activity levels are pretty much back to the pre-pandemic levels. You see it in really strong growth in our immunodiagnostics business, allergy and autoimmunity. You see it in our transplant diagnostic business. [Indiscernible] businesses were highly disrupted a year ago when procedures were put on hold, but you also saw good growth in microbiology, you saw it as well in our healthcare market channel, so its encouraging. In terms of the--you know, you do see some of the COVID response revenue there as well, and that will have a more challenging comparison in the second half, but I feel good about the underlying outlook within specialty diagnostics.
Rafael Tejada: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Marc Casper: I think Patrick just--[indiscernible].
Patrick Donnelly: Yes, sorry, just a quick one on PPD. I know, Marc, you mentioned second response from the FTC. Just a quick update there in terms of any surprises from what the discussion has been and the confidence level there in getting that done. Thank you.
Marc Casper: No, no surprises there. Were just working through the process and well work collaboratively and look forward to bringing it to a close at the end of the year. Operator, well take one more question. 
Operator: Your last question will come from the line of Puneet Souda with Leerink.
Puneet Souda: Yes, hi Marc, Stephen. Thanks for taking the question. Just a quick clarification for Marc--actually, for Stephen. On the COVID related, a number of points have been covered, but just in terms of the Mesa acquisition, I know you had highlighted a contribution there, maybe closer to $200 million or so. Does that still remain, or was that removed in part of the de-risking that you mentioned?  Then Marc, just broadly speaking, you mentioned a number of times Orbitrap platform continues to grow. This has been a decade-plus growth opportunity for the company. Could you, maybe just on a very high level, give us a view on where that stands today and where do you expect that to go over the next few years, and if just given the high growth areas of bio pharma and [indiscernible] where its levered to, so Id appreciate some thoughts there. Thanks so much.
Patrick Donnelly: Thanks Puneet. In terms of Mesa, were scaling up the manufacturing capacity, were working for the longer term as well for building out the menu. Its a really exquisite technology, so were very excited about it, and the revenue assumptions remain the same as where they were last quarter, so from that perspective, very positive. When I look at the Orbitrap, what a phenomenal technology. It continues to drive very good growth for our analytical instruments business, super relevant for our customers, and were able to continually push the technology forward to bring out more and more relevant solutions. The most recent launch really is focused on complex small molecule analysis, but youre also planning on the technology being used in the multi-attribute method for biologics in terms of QAQC, which is a very large market opportunity and were well positioned there, so I feel great about the performance of our chrom mass spec business and even more excited about what the future holds there as well. Puneet, thank you for the questions, and Ill turn to just wrapping it up here.
Marc Casper: We really had an excellent first half of the year. Were on track to deliver another outstanding year and were going to enter 2022 with great momentum that sets us up for a very bright future, and were looking forward to sharing more about our future during our virtual analyst day on September 17, and of course then updating you in October on our Q3 call.  As always, thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks everyone.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PPD's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Please note, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Tracy Krumme, Vice President and Head of Investor Relations for PPD. Ms. Krumme, you may begin.
Tracy Krumme: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter 2021 earnings call. With me today to share our results are David Simmons, PPD's Chairman and CEO; and Chris Scully, our CFO. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our discussion includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause material differences in our actual results. Please refer to our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of these risk. With the exception of revenue, all references to income statements results are on a non-GAAP basis. I would also like to remind you of a few important details, which are consistent with previous earnings calls. When referring to our financial performance, we'll be doing so on an ASC 606 basis. When referring to our commercial performance, including metrics related to net authorizations and backlog, we'll be doing so on a historical ASC 605 basis to maintain comparability with prior periods. Due to the recently announced transaction between PPD and Thermo Fisher Scientific, I would like to point out that we will not be conducting a Q&A session following our prepared remarks today. And with that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David Simmons: Thank you, Tracy. And thank you all for joining us today. First, I'd like to start by highlighting the recent exciting news that we anticipate joining Thermo Fisher Scientific later this year. The opportunities to bring meaningful innovation to market faster and more efficiently, are as solid as ever. With that, I'm pleased to discuss our Q1 results. Since our IPO last year, we have now posted six consecutive quarters of solid financial performance as a public company. This achievement is first and foremost, a testament to the talent and culture we have at PPD and I would like to thank my colleagues for their continued dedication and relentless commitment to delivering high value services to our customers. Let me share a few Q1 highlights with you. We exceeded the high end of our guidance ranges for revenue, adjusted EBITDA and EPS. We posted a strong quarter of new business with net authorizations growth of 39% year-over-year. We had a backlog conversion rate of 12.4%. We realized year-over-year revenue growth of 29% with more than 25% growth in both our clinical and lab segments. And we delivered year-over-year EBITDA growth of 22%. Lastly, our balance sheet remained strong, with total liquidity of $1.4 billion and a net leverage ratio of 3.8 times, down from 4 times at year end. We entered the year in a position of strength, having grown our employee footprint by nearly 10% during 2020. We continue to build on this and for the second consecutive quarter grew our workforce by over 1,000 additional colleagues. We now have 27,000 employees around the globe and have maintained low turnover rates. As we welcome our new colleagues and continue to work on new and innovative development programs, the depth of our industry-leading expertise and experience continues to expand, bolstering one of the key differentiators of our performance. During 2020, we strengthened our relationships with both existing and new customers. As we remained agile in the face of the pandemic, and delivered on customer priorities, despite impediments. These relationships are flourishing as we expand our book of business with clients into new therapeutic areas or capabilities. Our experience, expertise and customer relationships have fueled continued growth in our backlog, which is well diversified across our clinical and lab segments, biopharma and biotech customers and therapeutic areas. Looking ahead, we will continue to innovate for the future. On past calls, I've shared the growth in the volume of our digitally-enabled and decentralized trials. And this past quarter, we were recognized by ISG, as a leader in digital, clinical trial solutions. We are also making strides in the real-world evidence base with additional data partnerships to build upon our leading capabilities in patient-centered research, modeling, and health economics outcomes research. As a testament to our offerings, we are seeing strong authorizations growth, proposed approval and real world evidence studies. We have momentum with our customers across both biopharma and biotech. Were well-positioned to take advantage of growing R&D spend with our expertise and experience in key therapeutic areas, strong customer relationships and continued innovation. Customers are seeking to progress development of their high value assets in the current environment, regardless of therapeutic area. And lastly, we've experienced a continuation of growth in our traditional portfolio of business, which represents the lion share of our backlog. With that, I'll hand it over to Chris.
Chris Scully: Thanks, David. Good morning, everyone. I'll dive right into our results. On the commercial front, net authorizations grew 39.3% over quarter one of last year, with double-digit growth in both the clinical and lab segments. The solid performance across the business contributed to a net book-to-bill of 1.46x, one of our highest levels in recent years. We closed the quarter with record ending backlog up 18.7% over quarter one of last year. With respect to the P&L quarter one revenue grew 28.5% over quarter one of last year, underpinned by 28.3% growth in clinical and 29.5% growth in labs. Adjusted EBITDA growth for the same period was 22.4%. Similar to last quarter, our revenue growth outpaced adjusted EBITDA growth, primarily as a result of a higher mix of indirect revenue on COVID vaccine studies, which resulted in optically lower adjusted EBITDA margin. Rounding out the P&L adjusted EPS grew 45.8% year-over-year to $0.35 a share. Turning to the balance sheet. We closed the quarter with cash of $826.4 million. With respect to our liquidity, our cash balance and available revolver capacity increased our total liquidity position to $1.42 billion as of March 31, up 60.7% over the same time last year. Our net leverage ratio at March 31 improved to just below 3.8 times trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA, down from 4.0 time at year end and 4.5 times at March 31 2020. I'm happy to report that this marks the achievement of our pre-pandemic commitment at the time of our IPO to move into the three times range in 2021. Before wrapping up, I'd like to echo David's comments about the exciting news as we anticipate joining Thermo Fisher Scientific later this year. We envisioned that the enhanced capabilities of the combined company, united by common missions will provide significant opportunities to enable our colleagues and customers to accelerate bringing new medicines to market faster and more efficiently. And with that, operator, we will conclude the call.
End of Q&A: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2020 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce our moderator for the call today, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin.
Kenneth Apicerno: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note, this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts and Presentations until February 12, 2021. A copy of the press release of our fourth quarter 2020 earnings is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Results. So, before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which are on file with the SEC, and also available on the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. Therefore you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also, during the call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our fourth quarter 2020 earnings, and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So, with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our 2020 fourth quarter call and a wrap up of what's been a truly exceptional year for Thermo Fisher Scientific. I hope that you and your families are staying healthy as we all work to get beyond the pandemic. Before I cover many of the highlights from the quarter and the year, I want to share some news about our Investor Relations team. This will be Ken's last earnings call as he plans to retire at the end of March. You've all come to know Ken very well over the years. He's been leading the IR function since 2005 and is concluding a remarkable 25-year career at Thermo Fisher. Ken has been the voice of our company to the Street, and he excels in that role. He conveys his extensive knowledge of our company, our markets and our opportunities in a way that's informative and engaging. In fact, you voted ken the best IR professional in our industry multiple times over the year. And I couldn't agree more. He's been a terrific partner to me and Stephen. Ken, thank you for a truly stellar contribution to Thermo Fisher. Looking ahead, we're very fortunate to have Raf Tejada here to take the reins in March. Raf has been a part of the Thermo Fisher Investor Relations team for five years, and many of you knew him during his time at Wall Street, most recently at Bank of America as an analyst supporting Derik de Bruin. I know Raf and the team will carry forward Ken's legacy of excellence and Investor Relations. Please join me congratulating Raf on his new role, and wishing Ken all the best in his well deserved retirement. So moving on to our results for 2020, an unprecedented year by any measure. I'm pleased to report that we delivered the strongest year in our company's history that speaks to the incredible work of our 80,000 colleagues around the world. Through their tireless efforts, we led the industry in supporting our customers globally, enabling the societal response to the pandemic. We delivered outstanding results by working with speed at scale to meet our customers evolving needs. This included generating $6.6 billion of COVID-19 response revenue, and quickly returning the base business to growth after the disruption seen across the globe earlier in 2020. The strength of our response activities allowed us to significantly accelerate investments in our company to create an even brighter future with a focus on talent, R&D and new capabilities and capacity. We also generated significant free cash flow during 2020. And we're good stewards of capital, creating shareholder value through share buybacks and dividends, building a strong M&A pipeline and reducing our net debt. I'll share some of the many highlights from the quarter and the year later in my remarks. But first, I'll cover the financials at a high level. Starting with the quarter, our revenue grew 54% in Q4 year-over-year to $10.55 billion. Adjusted operating income increased 107% to $3.51 billion and our adjusted operating margin expanded 840 basis points in Q4 to 33.3%. Finally adjusted EPS increased 100% to $7.09 per share in the quarter. Turning to our results for the full year, we grew revenue by 26% to $32.22 billion in 2020. Adjusted operating income increased 60% to $9.56 billion. We expanded our adjusted operating margin by 630 basis points to 29.7%. And we delivered a 58% increase in adjusted EPS to $19.55 per share. Both our fourth quarter and full year financial performance were truly exceptional on all metrics and demonstrate the strength of our growth strategy and our ability to move with speed at scale in responding to rapidly evolving customer needs.  Let me now turn to our end markets and give you some color on our performance for the quarter and the year. Starting with pharma and biotech. We had outstanding performance again in this end market delivering approximately 25% growth during Q4. We saw very robust growth across all businesses serving these customers, particularly bioproduction, pharma services, biosciences, and our research and safety market channel.  Our Q4 results capped off an excellent year of growth in the mid-teens. Our strong performance has been driven by our leading role in supporting our customers across a wide range of exciting therapeutic areas, including our significant role in supporting COVID-19 vaccines and therapies.  In academic and government we grew in the high single-digits in the quarter as customers across the globe ramped up activity. We saw good growth across a range of our businesses, particularly chromatography and mass spectrometry, and our research and safety market channel. Similarly, in industrial and applied, the teams strong execution helped us return this end market to growth in Q4. We grew in the low single-digits during the quarter and it was good to see our electron microscopy business return to growth.  Given the significant impact of the pandemic on customer activity earlier in 2020, both the academic and government, and the industrial and applied end markets declined in the mid single-digit growth for the full year.  Finally, in diagnostics and healthcare, we had another incredible quarter delivering more than 200% growth. Our COVID-19 testing revenue continued to accelerate in the quarter as customer demand for our sample preparation, PCR solutions and viral transport media remained very robust. For the full year, diagnostics and healthcare grew by more than 100%, driven by our leading role in supporting COVID-19 testing around the world. Our outstanding performance was the result of having the right technologies and the ability to rapidly scale up manufacturing which was enabled by our PPI Business System.  As I think back to this call a year ago, and how quickly conditions evolved during the year, I'm humbled by the incredible impact our team had in navigating the environment while supporting so many aspects of the pandemic response. As a reminder, early in the year, our cryo electron microscopes were used by researchers to create the first 3D image of the virus. We were a critical supplier of PPE leveraging our strong channel relationships to secure these products when supplies were scarce. We enabled COVID-19 testing at an unprecedented level, creating a market leading molecular diagnostics business in just a few months to support hundreds of millions of PCR tests around the world. And as you know, we've built trusted relationships with the pharma and biotech industry over many years, and have provided them with the right set of products and services.  As a result, these customers engage with us on a significant number of projects to help, develop and produce vaccines and therapies. In 2020 this led to $500 million in COVID-19 vaccine therapy revenue and we expect that to increase to $1 billion in 2021. Our comprehensive response to the pandemic demonstrates the unique capabilities of Thermo Fisher Scientific.  Now let me turn to a business update framed by our growth strategy and highlight just a few of our many achievements. As a reminder, there are three pillars to our growth strategy. First, we're committed to high impact innovation. Second, we leverage our scale in high-growth and emerging markets. And third, we deliver a unique value proposition to our customers. Starting with the first pillar, it was an extraordinary year of high impact innovation. In response to the pandemic, we established worldwide leadership in COVID-19 testing. We quickly developed and gained regulatory approval to launch the TaqPath COVID-19 combo kit in March, providing gold standard PCR-based test for our customers at a scale our industry has never seen before. We also significantly expanded our portfolio of COVID-19-related products, including our Amplitude solution for high-throughput PCR-based testing and our TaqCheck PCR test for asymptomatic health surveillance. In addition, we launched a number of highly innovative products across our base business to strengthen our leading positions in analytical instruments, biosciences and bioproduction. For example, in mass spectrometry, we extended our industry-leading Orbitrap franchise with 2 new generation Exploris mass spectrometers. In our electron microscopy business, we launched 2 Selectris imaging filters for our cryo-electron microscopes. And in Q4, we introduced the Tundra cryo-electron microscope. And these are just some of the examples of how we're continuing to expand the benefits of this groundbreaking technology and democratize its use. The second pillar of our growth strategy is leveraging our scale in the high-growth and emerging markets. Our actions in the region are a great example of how our ongoing investments and the differentiated customer experience we've created sets us up to further capitalize on the significant growth opportunities there. In China, we further accelerated from our strong Q3 results, growing 30% in Q4. To continue to strengthen our presence in China and support the local biotech industry, during the year, we localized the manufacturing of single-use bioproduction technologies at our Center of Excellence in Suzhou. And in the quarter, we announced the formation of a joint venture to establish a biological drug development and manufacturing facility in Hangzhou. Last, I want to touch on the third pillar of our strategy, our unique customer value proposition. Entering 2021, our relationships with customers and governments around the world have never been stronger. Let me give you some examples. When the pandemic hit, we were uniquely positioned to help our pharma and biotech customers develop and eventually produce COVID-19 vaccine -- related therapies and vaccines because of the trusted relationships we've built over many years. We moved quickly and invested significantly in our infrastructure, scaling up to support the volumes needed as well as adding capabilities for new modalities such as mRNA. The broad and fast response helped deepen our already strong customer relationships, and this positions us incredibly well to help them with their near-term COVID-19 needs as well as the longer-term needs for future vaccines and therapies for other diseases. And through our extensive work in molecular diagnostics, clinical labs now have an even greater appreciation of our leading offering in specialty diagnostics. We've dramatically increased our PCR and sample preparation instrument installed base, and our customers have seen how strong a partner we are in addressing this -- their needs. Bringing this all together, we execute our proven growth strategy using our PPI business system that enables our teams to operate with speed at scale and was a key differentiator in our success last year. PPI is our operational discipline and enables us to translate the top-line growth into strong growth in earnings and free cash flow. We entered 2020 with excellent long-term growth prospects as a company. The way we executed for our customers throughout the year further unlocked our growth potential, which will benefit us in 2021 and beyond. Let me give you some color on the increased investments we were able to make because of our strong performance. In innovation, we ramped up our R&D investment by approximately 20% to $1.2 billion. In emerging markets, we expanded our localized capacity and capabilities to further advance our leadership. And to enhance our unique customer value proposition, we invested significant CapEx in our high-growth bioproduction, pharma services and biosciences businesses as well as in commercial capabilities to further differentiate the customer experience. In total, last year, we invested an additional $1 billion to accelerate our long-term growth, roughly half in CapEx and half in P&L investments. These actions, combined with the substantial investments planned for 2021, will position our company for a very bright future. Turning now to capital deployment. We have a strong track record of creating value for our shareholders, and we continued to execute our strategy in 2020. During the year, we returned a total of $1.8 billion in capital to our shareholders through share buybacks and a growing dividend. As you know, we announced several strategic bolt-on acquisitions. In our Pharma Services business, we entered into a strategic partnership with CSL to expand our biologics capacity for this rapidly growing market. We acquired Phitonex to enhance our flow cytometry offering for cell analysis. Shortly after year-end, we acquired the European viral vector manufacturing business from Novasep. And we signed an agreement to acquire Mesa Biotech to enhance our PCR-based diagnostics, adding gold standard technology in a rapid point-of-care testing format. We ended '21 -- 2021 with a very strong balance sheet, active and an active deal pipeline. As always, we'll continue to apply our disciplined approach to opportunities and continue to be good stewards of our capital. Before I turn to guidance, 2020 was also a significant year of progress in terms of environmental, social and governance priorities. We've always been a company that's focused on having a positive impact on the world. That's the true embodiment of our mission, which is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. I'll highlight a couple of the initiatives that are having a big social impact. One is that we launched and significantly funded the Thermo Fisher Foundation for science, expanding our STEM education programs to benefit underserved communities. Another is that we established the Just Project, a collaboration with historically black colleges and universities where we've invested in a COVID-19 testing program, allowing students and faculty to safely return to campus. I'm proud of these and the many steps our teams are taking to make a difference in our communities around the world. Taking a step back and reflecting on the year as a whole, by all measures, we delivered an outstanding year. Now looking ahead to 2021. Stephen will outline the assumptions that factor into our revenue and earnings guidance, but let me quickly cover the highlights. In terms of our revenue guidance, we expect to deliver $35.1 billion in 2021, which would result in reported revenue growth of 9%. We're initiating adjusted EPS guidance of $21.62 per share for the full year. That's 11% growth year-over-year and a continuation of our outstanding track record. Before I hand the call over to Stephen, I'll leave you with my key takeaways for the year. The success of our growth strategy clearly sets us apart as the unrivaled leader in our industry. 2020 truly demonstrated the power of who and what we are as a company. During a unique time of need, we stepped up for our customers, enabling their important contributions to society and helping them navigate the recessionary impact of the pandemic. As a result, we were able to gain significant market share and solidify Thermo Fisher as their partner of choice. At the same time, we stay focused on driving strong returns from existing investments and made additional investments to accelerate our future growth. While I'm very proud of our accomplishments during the past year, as I look ahead, I couldn't be more excited about our opportunities in 2021 and beyond. With that, I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin with a high-level summary of our Q4 performance and full year results for the total company. Then I'll provide some color on our 4 segments and conclude with comments around our initial 2021 guidance. As you saw in our press release, we achieved an exceptional quarter and grew organically 51% in Q4. This resulted in full year organic growth of 25%. Similar to previous quarters, I'll break down the organic growth into 2 elements. The first is the performance of the base business and the second is the scale of the COVID-19 response revenue. In Q4, the base business grew 5% organically, another quarter of sequential improvement. For the full year, the base business was essentially flat as a result of slower economic activity earlier in the year due to the pandemic, partially offset by great commercial execution. Our COVID-19 response revenue also increased significantly in the fourth quarter to $3.2 billion, bringing the full year impact for our customers to $6.6 billion. This was largely driven by testing-related products and instruments. It is also worth noting that we generated $500 million of revenue in 2020 from support for COVID-19-related vaccines and therapies. Once again, our PPI Business System enabled excellent pull-through, and we delivered 100% growth in adjusted earnings per share in Q4 and 58% for the full year. Our PPI Business System also enabled us to generate extremely strong cash flow. Free cash flow for the year was $6.8 billion, up 67% versus the prior year. Overall exceptional financial results in 2020. Let me now provide you with some more details on our performance, starting with our Q4 earnings results. As I mentioned, we grew EPS -- adjusted EPS by 100% to $7.09. For the full year, adjusted EPS was $19.55, up 58% compared to last year. GAAP EPS in the quarter was $6.24, up 151% from Q4 last year. And 2020 full year GAAP EPS was $15.96, up 74% versus prior year. On the top line, our Q4 reported revenue grew 54% year-over-year. The components of our Q4 reported revenue increase included 51% organic growth and a 3% benefit from foreign exchange. For the full year 2020, reported revenue increased 26%. This includes a 25% contribution from organic growth and a 1% tailwind in foreign exchange. Turning to our growth by geographies. During the quarter, all regions delivered very strong growth. North America grew just over 65%; Europe grew approximately 50%; Asia Pacific grew approximately 20%, including China, which grew 30%; and rest of the world grew approximately 50%. For the full year, North America grew just over 30%, Europe grew over 25%, Asia Pacific grew 5% and rest of the world grew approximately 45%. Turning to our operational performance. Q4 adjusted operating income increased 107%; and adjusted operating margin was 33.3%, 840 basis points higher than Q4 last year. For the full year, adjusted operating income increased 60% and adjusted operating margin was 29.7%, which is 630 basis points higher than 2019. In the quarter and for the full year, our PPI Business System enabled us to drive exceptional volume leverage, and we also had favorable business mix. This was partially offset by strategic investments across all of our businesses to support our near and long-term growth. Moving on to the details of the P&L. Total company adjusted gross margin in the quarter came in at 53.9%, up 760 basis points from Q4 of the prior year. For the full year, adjusted gross margin was 51.2%, up 480 basis points versus prior year. For both the fourth quarter and the full year, the increase in gross margin was due to the same drivers as those for our adjusted operating margin. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 17% of revenue, a decrease of 60 basis points versus Q4 2019 due to the strong volume leverage. For the full year, adjusted SG&A was 17.9% of revenue, an improvement of 120 basis points compared to 2019. Total R&D expense was $376 million for Q4 and $1.2 billion for the full year, representing growth of 44% and 18%, respectively, reflecting our increased investments in high-impact innovation. Looking at our results below the line for the quarter, our net interest expense was $134 million, $37 million higher than Q4 last year, primarily due to higher level of debt. Net interest expense for the full year was $488 million, an increase of $37 million from 2019. Adjusted other income and expense was a net expense in the quarter of approximately $3 million, $19 million lower than Q4 2019, mainly due to changes in non-operating FX.  For the full year, adjusted other income and expense was a net income of $40 million, which was $32 million lower than the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 16%, up 430 basis points versus Q4 last year. For the full year, the adjusted tax rate was 14.3% or 320 basis points higher than 2019. The increase in the tax rate was due to the substantial increase in pre-tax profit year-over-year coming in at our marginal tax rate. Average diluted shares were 400 million in Q4, about 2 million lower year-over-year, driven by the net impact of option dilution and share repurchases. For the full year, the average diluted shares were 399 million. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Cash flow was another great highlight for the year. We significantly increased net capital expenditure to accelerate the execution of our growth strategy while delivering a 67% increase in free cash flow. Cash flow from continuing operations was $8.3 billion, net capital expenditures were $1.5 billion and free cash flow was $6.8 billion. During 2020, we returned approximately $1.8 billion of capital to shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends, and we ended Q4 with approximately $10.3 billion in cash and $21.7 billion of total debt. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 2.1 times gross debt to adjusted EBITDA and 1.1 times on a net debt basis. And concluding my comments on our total company performance, adjusted ROIC was 17.9%, up 610 basis points from Q4 last year as we generated exceptional returns in 2020. Now I'll provide some color on the performance of our 4 business segments. And similar to last quarter, I'll start with some framing thoughts on the impacts that our COVID-19 response had on our segment results. From a revenue standpoint, the majority of the COVID-19 response revenue is recognized in Life Science Solutions. There's revenue -- this is revenue from testing kits, instruments, sample preparation and reagents for lab-developed tests recognized in the genetic sciences and biosciences businesses. This segment also includes revenue from vaccine and therapy production supplies recognized in the bioproduction and biosciences businesses. The Specialty Diagnostics segment includes revenue in the clinical diagnostics business from the molecular controls that go into testing kits. We also recognized revenue for viral transport media in the microbiology business and for test and PPE in the healthcare market channel. Laboratory Products and Services segment includes revenue from vaccine and therapy services for our -- from our Pharma Services business. This segment also includes revenue for PPE in the research and safety market channel as well as plastics used in testing workflows and cold storage equipment manufactured by our lab products business. From a margin standpoint, the impact of the COVID-19 differed across the segments based on the scale of the response revenue and the different levels of profitability on that revenue. In addition, during the quarter, we continued to make strategic investments across all of our businesses. This included investments in our colleagues in terms of incentive compensation and recognition as well as commercial, R&D and production capability investments. The size of those investments does not necessarily align with the COVID-19 response revenue in each segment, and so that does skew some of the reported segment margins. So a lot of moving parts from a segment margin standpoint reflects the very active management of the company, successfully navigating the current environment and position the company for an even brighter future. Moving on to the segment details, starting with Life Science Solutions. In Q4, reported revenue increased 138% and organic revenue growth was 134%. In the quarter, we saw exceptionally strong growth in our genetic sciences business and biosciences and bioproduction businesses. For the full year, reported and organic revenue growth was 77%. Q4 adjusted operating income in Life Science Solutions increased 236%, and adjusted operating margin was 53.1%, up 16 percentage points year-over-year. In the quarter, we drove very strong volume pull-through and positive business mix, and we continued to make strategic investments across all businesses in this segment. We also had a tailwind on margins from FX. For the full year, adjusted operating income increased 150% and adjusted operating margin was 50.2%, an increase of 15 percentage points over 2019. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue increased 8% in Q4 and organic revenue growth was 5%. End markets for chemical analysis remain muted, but this was more than offset by strong growth in both chromatography and mass spectrometry and the materials and structural analysis businesses. We continued to see increased levels of customer activity in these businesses and drove strong commercial execution. For the full year, reported revenue in the segment declined 7% and organic revenue decreased 8%. Q4 adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments decreased 16% and adjusted operating margin was 20.2%, down 580 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we drove very strong productivity that was more than offset by the strategic investments that I mentioned earlier. We also had a headwind to margins from FX in this segment. For the full year, adjusted operating income decreased 37% and adjusted operating margin was 15.8%, a decline of 730 basis points versus prior year. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics segment. In Q4, reported revenue increased by 109%. Organic revenue growth was 107%. Our COVID-19 response revenue was significant in the quarter, enabling us to deliver very strong growth in our microbiology, healthcare market channel and clinical diagnostics businesses. The level of routine diagnostics testing activity was higher in Q4 than Q3, but still remains below pre-pandemic levels, particularly for our immunodiagnostics and transplant diagnostics businesses. For the full year, reported revenue was 44% higher than the prior year and organic revenue growth was 48%. Adjusted operating income increased 134% in the quarter and adjusted operating margin was 26.4%, up 270 basis points from the prior year. In Q4, we drove very strong volume leverage, which was partially offset by negative business mix and strategic investments. For the full year, adjusted operating income increased 47% and adjusted operating margin was 25.6%, an improvement of 60 basis points versus prior year. And finally, in Laboratory Products and Services segment, Q4 reported revenue increased 28%. Organic revenue growth was 25%. In the quarter, we saw a strong growth in all our businesses in this segment, the research and safety market channel, laboratory products and pharma services. For the full year, reported revenue was 16% higher than 2019 and organic revenue growth was 13%. In Q4, adjusted operating income in the segment decreased 13% and adjusted operating margin was 9.4%, which is 440 basis points lower than the prior year. In the quarter, strong productivity and volume leverage was more than offset by unfavorable business mix and strategic investments. For the full year, adjusted operating income declined 4% and adjusted operating margin was 10.4%, 210 basis points lower than the prior year. With that, I'll turn to our initial 2021 guidance. We're starting the year with annual guidance of 7% organic growth and adjusted EPS of $21.62, which will result in 11% growth over 2020. So another year of very strong financial performance. The dynamics around the pandemic continued to be fluid, but we thought it was important to give you our initial view of the full year, along with the associated assumptions to help frame how we're positioning the company for another successful year. We've chosen to go with a point outlook rather than a range because there are a multitude of different potential customer demand outcomes for the year, especially around testing. We remain incredibly well positioned to operate with speed at scale to uniquely serve our customers under any demand scenario that actually plays out this year. And at the same time, we'll continue to invest aggressively for very exciting near and long-term growth opportunities while delivering exceptional financial performance for shareholders. So just as we did in 2020, in 2021, we will maximize the opportunity to drive short and long-term value for all our stakeholders. Let me now provide you with the assumptions behind our initial guidance. In terms of revenue, our guidance is $35.1 billion, which represents approximately 9% reported growth over 2020, including 7% organic growth. There are 2 key elements to the organic growth assumption. First, the base business. Here, we're assuming 7% organic growth in 2021. The second element is the COVID-19 response. Here, we're starting the year with an assumption of $7.1 billion of revenue for 2021. This reflects testing-related revenue that's roughly the same as we delivered in 2020; plus approximately $1 billion of vaccine therapy-related revenue in 2021, which is double the level we generated last year. Let me give you some color on the phasing of the COVID-19 response revenue. We're assuming that vaccine and therapy revenue is fairly linear in 2021. The testing-related revenue is assumed to be very front-end loaded with Q1 levels similar to Q4 2020. Our guidance then assumes testing demand may begin to moderate in Q2 and potentially moderate further as the year progresses. Should the pandemic be longer lasting and the need for testing maintained, then this sizable upside to the $7.1 billion, particularly in the second half of the year. We're really well positioned to support our customers, should demand levels be higher than this initial guidance assumption. We'll have more clarity on the actual second half demand levels later in the year. With regards to FX, we're assuming a year-over-year tailwind of approximately $400 million of revenue or 1.2% and $0.14 of adjusted EPS or 1%. We're assuming that acquisitions will contribute approximately $125 million to our reported revenue growth in 2021. The initial guidance assumes an adjusted operating margin of 29.8%, 10 basis points higher than last year. Our PPI Business System will continue to drive strong volume pull-through and productivity benefits, will be partially offset by significant strategic investments adding to those made in 2020 that Marc outlined earlier. Moving below the line, we expect net interest expense in 2021 to be approximately $470 million. This is $20 million lower than 2020 due to lower average net debt. It includes the impact of the $2.6 billion debt paydown that we completed in January. We're assuming adjusted other net income will be about $8 million, lower by $32 million from 2020, mainly due to changes in non-operating FX. We expect the adjusted income tax rate to be 14% in 2021. The improvement from our 14.3% prior year tax rate is primarily driven by the benefits of our tax planning initiatives. We're assuming net capital expenditures of approximately $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion. The midpoint represents an increased investment of $800 million over 2020, driven by capacity and capability expansions in our pharma services, bioproduction, biosciences and Laboratory Products businesses.  Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $7 billion in 2021. The increase over 2020 is primarily driven by expected earnings growth, partially offset by the increase in capital expenditure investments. Our guidance includes $2.8 billion of capital deployment. This consists of $1.5 billion of share buybacks, which we completed in January; $880 million for the recently completed acquisition of Novasep's European viral vector business; and it assumes approximately $400 million of capital returned to shareholders this year through dividends. We estimate that the full year average diluted share count will be approximately 398 million shares, and our guidance does not assume any future acquisitions or divestitures. So it does not include the acquisition of Mesa Biotech, which is expected to close later in Q1. And finally, I wanted to touch on quarterly phasing for the year as there are several factors to consider. First, note that we have 3 extra selling days in Q1 and 4 fewer days in Q4 in 2021, resulting in 1 less day for the full year. Then as I mentioned earlier, the COVID-19 response revenue included in the initial guidance is more significantly weighted to the first half of the year. And as a reminder, the 2020 comparisons are significantly easier in the first half of the year. So a lot of dynamics impacting the top-line growth by quarter, with very strong growth expected in the beginning of the year. From an adjusted EPS standpoint, we're expecting approximately 54% of the year's total in the first half of the year and 46% in the second half, reflecting very strong operational execution throughout the year. And then from a near-term standpoint, taking into account all of these factors, we're expecting Q1 organic growth and operating margin, the profile of those to be similar to Q4 2020. So at a high level, we're starting the year with guidance of 7% organic revenue growth and 11% adjusted EPS growth, a continuation of our excellent long-term financial performance track record. As always, we'll strive to deliver for the best possible results, and I look forward to updating you on our progress as we go through the year. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth Apicerno : Thanks, Stephen. Operator, we're ready to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson : I'll start off by wishing Ken all the best, and great to work with you over the years. Marc, your implied testing drop off is steeper than we've heard from others like Hologic and [Abbott]. I'm curious if you could talk a little bit more about that dynamic in particular. Is that just a function of the non-automated PCR testing and maybe a lower installed base of the Amplitude? And then I'm curious about Mesa Bio, thoughts on increase -- entering an increasingly crowded point-of-care market. And are you planning to materially scale the antigen test? And how could that factor into the outlook?
Marc Casper : Tycho, thanks for the question. Yes, I'm much more optimistic than the way you frame the question, right? So if I think about our PCR installed base and the assumptions, we have really strong line of sight to the first quarter, reasonable line of sight to the second quarter. And after that, our customers just don't know, right? So we made an assumption base that we're going to see incredibly strong demand in the first quarter. And that is going to drop off somewhat in Q2. And then we made a much more conservative assumption. But the way the pandemic has played out, there are many scenarios where I see testing demand being very robust for a long period of time. The truth is, this pandemic is going to be around in some form around the world, and doctors are going to want to know whether or not a patient or a person has COVID, right? So I think you'll see as the year plays out, there's scenarios well above the testing assumption. Amplitude demand has been extraordinarily robust. Our installed base is growing, and that's been a nice adder to the growth that we saw in Q4 and the strong momentum we expect. Mesa is very exciting, right? When you think about what we've learned throughout the pandemic is that PCR testing is truly the gold standard. And the accuracy that you get is super relevant and Mesa's technology gets you a result in 30 minutes with PCR capability, and it gives you that confidence in the accuracy. And the way we think about it is there are a number of applications that are very relevant to have that rapid thing. Pharmacies would be an obvious example. The sports leagues have been using this technology. So those will be examples of where it is, and that obviously will be additive to our capabilities. It's not assumed in our guidance at this point. So thank you, Tycho.
Tycho Peterson : And then one follow-up for Stephen, just on the margins, understanding the 29.8% operating margin guidance. As we think about the gives and takes around the COVID tailwinds, can you maybe just talk as we think about COVID eventually wearing off, how much you expect to retain in terms of some of the margin uplift you've seen over the past year?
Stephen Williamson : Yes. So when I think about the margin profile that's embedded in this guide, as I mentioned, Q1 similar to Q4 of 2020 and then the other 3 quarters are roughly the same in terms of margin profile. It's a combination of kind of lost contribution from the testing revenue drop off and then the timing of investments. So that gives you an indication.
Operator: Your next question comes from Derik de Bruin from Bank of America.
Derik de Bruin : And I'll extend my congratulations to Ken and Raf. Stephen, I just wanted to sort of follow up on Tycho's comment there. I mean for most of -- I would say, for a lot of the end of 2020, a lot of the incoming calls from investors were, oh my God, Thermo has this huge COVID tailwind. It's going to create these really difficult comps. They're not going to be able to grow earnings. Obviously, that's not the case in 2021, but it sort of flips the question now over to 2022. And I realize it's too early and a certain extent to really answer that question given all the uncertainty. But I mean all of my incoming questions this morning from investors are, well, the guide for '21 looks great. What -- how do they think about 2022? And I just -- I don't know any initial thoughts on how you can talk about that or if you can talk about potential for earnings growth in 2022?
Marc Casper : So Derik, I've been around the -- I've been around this one a while. I've never been at the next year's guidance on the opening one, but it's a great question and it's one that is a very fair one as well. So the way I think about it is the following: First, think about the way we've managed the company throughout 2020, right, which was drive very substantial growth in our financial performance, earnings cash flow while dramatically accelerating the reinvestment rate in the business, right? New opportunities were opened during the course of the year because of the pandemic, because of how we responded, because of the relationships we solidified and build. And we were able to put $1 billion of additional reinvestment in the business above the normal increases that we have every year. And we're stepping that up again in 2021. So what does that mean for the future? It means that the company is positioned to grow more rapidly. And that obviously will drive good earnings off of that increased kind of base business activity. And much of the investments that we made that are supporting COVID are going to be applied to other applications. So obviously, vaccines and therapies we expect will continue to be very relevant in 2022. But at some point, they'll be less relevant. And that capacity, that all converts over to non-COVID-related activities. On the molecular diagnostics side, the installed base increase in sample prep and the installed increase in QPCR creates the opportunity to build out an even larger molecular diagnostic business. We increased our installed base hugely during the course of the year. And more importantly, we satisfy customers. The reason that some of the others in this industry have relatively flat straight-through the year results for COVID is because they couldn't get manufacturing capacity up, right? We were able to do that in months. Others are talking about level-loaded demand that's because the supply has been so constrained with others. So we're excited about our prospects. And obviously, we'll see what the economy is, what the growth is, all of those things. And as it gets much closer to 2022, we'll figure it out. But I'm extremely bullish about the long-term prospects of the company.
Derik de Bruin : Great. I know it's a lot of this, what have you done for me lately sort of conversations. But you already took my -- you already answered my molecular diagnostics question. So I just have one quick follow-up. And just to clarify, the CapEx step-up in '21 -- 2021, that we would expect those levels to sort of fall off in 2022 and beyond, right? That's not a new base level CapEx spending.
Marc Casper : No, we would expect -- I think Stephen will add, we would expect it to start to wind back down over time. Obviously, if there are new opportunities that come up, obviously support them because we'll take the returns. But effectively, the step-up in 2020 and the further step-up in '21 really support the opportunities that materialize and the long-term acceleration of our growth.
Stephen Williamson : Yes. I think it's kind of a long, long-term modeling. It's really around about 3% to 3.5% of revenue is a good way to think about the profile of the company right now.
Operator: And your next question will come from Jack Meehan from Nephron Research.
Jack Meehan : And also, congratulations, Ken; congrats, Raf. Well deserved. So wanted to dig into the guidance a little bit more. So around the assumption for vaccine therapeutic revenue fairly linear throughout the year, though we're obviously seeing the vaccine manufacturers scaling capacity into 2021. So could you just give a little bit more color around the framework behind the assumption? And are there any takes that you're assuming throughout the year?
Stephen Williamson : So I think one framing is we were at that run rate already in Q4. So this is kind of how we're seeing the year play out with a continuation of where we are. So a very high level of support for our customers. And then can you just clarify the last part of your question about the take?
Jack Meehan : Yes. Are there any projects that you think drop off throughout the year?
Marc Casper: Yes. I mean there's always -- we obviously have supported a lot of development work of which some of those therapies or vaccines will be unsuccessful. So those projects conclude, but..
Jack Meehan : Embedded in that.
Marc Casper: Embedded in the number, but obviously, the demand for the successful ones increase. So that kind of run rate we're at is not going to be the exact same products throughout the year. It ebbs and flows.
Jack Meehan : Great. And then I wanted to turn to analytical instruments. As you reflected over the last 6 months, can you -- versus the first 6 months of 2020, how do you think could be purchasing demand translated throughout the year? Could there have been some catch-up in the second half? And then maybe looking forward, how does -- what are your assumptions around that segment for 2021?
Marc Casper : Yes. So in terms of the demand profile, obviously, there was very substantial disruptions both in customers' ability to order or even receive an instrument during the first part of the year, and obviously, all of the other challenges that the pandemic brought. We saw activity start to pick up at a much stronger level, particularly in material and structural analysis, which is largely our electronic microscopy business and our chrome and mass spec business. So Q4, we're strong in those regards. Chemical analysis is still soft, though the bookings did improve. So what I would expect is that you'll see continued strengthening this year, and that analytical instruments would grow above the company average. That's how I would think about it.
Operator: And your next question will come from Doug Schenkel from Cowen.
Doug Schenkel : Before I get into it, once again, Ken, best wishes on the next stage. You deserve all the best, and congrats to Raf. We have always enjoyed working with you both and look forward to working with you both. Well, at least Raf moving forward and hearing about what Ken is doing on the beach. So first topic is, again, on guidance. 2021 guidance assumes a base business growth rate of 7%. According to our math, this implies a 2-year stacked growth rate of around 3.5%, which is well below your longer-term growth rate target and also the Q4 core growth rate. How would you characterize the conservatism embedded into 2021 guidance? Or is this kind of balancing early in the year conservatism, which is typical for you with maybe just seeing some increased headwinds related to COVID-19 restrictions in certain parts of your business?
Marc Casper : Yes, Doug. So when I think about the base business, I feel good about the implied step-up in growth that we saw from Q4 for the full year, right, going from roughly 5% growth in the fourth quarter to 7% growth in the base business for the full year. And what's assumed in there is still there's some level of disruption based on the pandemic. Let me just visualize it. Our Specialty Diagnostics business, routine doctor business are still well down, right? So there's parts of the business where you don't see that recovery for a while. But we still feel confident in growing at a good rate. And I see scenarios that are above the 7%, right? So it's not as if that's the only scenario that plays out. So I don't know if -- I think it's an appropriate start. I don't know if it's conservative or not, but we measure ourselves at the end of the year, did we do a great job? So we're going to look at how did everybody else in the industry report, and we need to make sure that we're gaining market share. And if the 7% reflects market share gains, then we're going to be satisfied. And if there's more opportunity to go faster than that, then you're going to see us deliver it.
Doug Schenkel : Okay. That's helpful. And then let me just pivot to China. China growth rebounded strongly in the fourth quarter. Actually, I -- we were looking back to our model over the years, and I think this represents the highest growth rate for at least the past decade in China on a quarterly basis. What drove the strength in China? Did you see some benefit of catch-up in spending? And then you made some comments in your prepared remarks, which prompted me to -- I guess prompted some curiosity about how your large molecule investments in China are actually impacting growth. And I guess the last part of this would be what's embedded for China growth in 2021?
Marc Casper : Yes. So China, it was good to see, obviously, very disruptive first half of the year, 20%-ish organic growth in Q3 and 30% organic growth in Q4. So nice step-up, and Q4 was very strong. There was definitely some catch-up spend, right? I mean, obviously, customers getting back to work and all those things. So there was some of that in there. And that's pretty much impossible to quantify exactly what that is. But bookings were stronger than revenue growth, right? So we're excited about the growth prospects for China for this year, right? So China should be one of our fastest-growing geographies in 2021. So that would be the expectation. In terms of biologics and large molecule, we've talked about a lot on these calls over the years, the emergence of a local biotech industry for the Chinese market has become larger and larger over time. We've done a good job serving that customer base. I'm excited that we were able to localize our capacity for single-use technologies to support the local customer base and give them assurance of supply. And at the same point, we're very excited about the partnership and the joint venture reforming in Hangzhou to actually produce biologic drug substance and drug products. So we're well positioned there. And biotech is a nice driver of our growth. We also saw nice growth in other segments. Academic and government was quite strong in the quarter as well. So I hope that gives you a little bit of a flavor for what happened in China and what the strong outlook looks like.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore.
Vijay Kumar : Congrats to Ken and Raf. Marc, maybe a big picture question for you. Is there a view that the base business should be accelerating or perhaps has gotten stronger emerging from the pandemic? Some of the feedback we've been getting is higher installed base, biopharma accelerating. So perhaps some thoughts on what the base? I know the LRP pre-pandemic was 5 to 7. Is that LRP itself that math changing because the business is emerging more stronger from the pandemic?
Marc Casper : Yes. So Vijay, thanks for the question. And yes, you've heard us talk about really starting in the Q3 call and the Analyst Meeting in September about how we're thinking about the longer term, right. And -- which goes back to the guiding principle that we have through the pandemic, which is make the decisions, investments and run the company to set ourselves up for a brighter future. We created new opportunities and new opportunities were created just in the market as well because of the pandemic. And when I think about that, we're positioning the company to exit the pandemic phase as a faster-growing company than what we grew, and the exact numbers will figure out over time. But the way I think about it is our -- the percent of our business in pharma and biotech continues to increase. That's our fastest-growing end market. So that's a market-driven weighted average type growth. But our value proposition, the increased investments in our innovation, the investments we're making in emerging markets, those things will all help us drive very strong growth going forward. So I'm very bullish about the long-term prospects for accelerated share gain into the long-term.
Vijay Kumar : That's helpful. And one perhaps on free cash flows. The guidance, $7 billion, that's sort of flattish to up slightly year-on-year. If I just look at your cap deployment assumptions for the year, it's about close to $3 billion-ish, considering you guys have $10 billion plus on the balance sheet plus the $7 billion you're generating. And I don't think Thermo has ever -- had 2 consecutive years of $10 billion plus of cash lying on the balance sheet. I'm curious why free cash perhaps -- why is it $7 billion? Any one-off items? And any thoughts on cap deployment?
Stephen Williamson : So Vijay, let me just clarify on the free cash flow. I think that includes a very significant increase in CapEx. So if you look about cash from operations, that's 13% growth year-over-year, which I think is incredibly strong and appropriately strong. And then we're choosing to deploy a large chunk of that towards these great opportunities in terms of CapEx. So that's kind of the -- get you to the $7 billion of free cash flow and the market in terms of capacity.
Marc Casper : Yes. So we have had substantial capacity even when the company is more levered. And we've talked about that when we gave our 3-year models. We always have these numbers that are stagnantly large. We can deploy $30 billion wherever the numbers were historically back in '18 or '19 when we would talk about them. And when I think about where we are today, we have a lot of firepower. And you're seeing us be active right now with bolt-ons. We have a very busy pipeline, and we're going to be good stewards of capital. I mean we're going to be disciplined. We'll do the right things. We'll pass some of the things that we don't think are the right. It was good to get some return of capital already completed this year with $1.5 billion of buyback. So we don't look at the calendar and say, "In any particular year, you have to do x or y." But I would expect us to be able to deploy that capital over time and be a nice adder to the strong financials that you're seeing in the initial guidance.
Kenneth Apicerno : Operator, we have time for one more.
Operator: Okay. So your final question for today then will be from Dan Brennan from UBS.
Dan Brennan : Ken, obviously, have been great working with you and best of walk. The same thing with Raf, look forward to going forward. And Marc, a quick plug, things are looking up for our jets here. So I wanted to ask a first question on vaccine and therapeutics. I know you've addressed a few comments here thus far. I think on the last call, you discussed this $1 billion revenue cumulatively looking at 4Q '21 and '22. And I know to Derik's question, you addressed the outlook of some color on '22. I'm just wondering if you can help us think through kind of the durability. Obviously, there's a lot of moving pieces, but this $1 billion you're guiding for '21, presumably, there's going to be a pretty decent tail of this vaccine opportunity. Any way to help us think through that opportunity and how it breaks down between your tools business and [PPI]?
Marc Casper : So Dan, thanks for the question, and the jets, not the best of years. But at least we were focused on a lot of things at Thermo Fisher. So I didn't suffer the pain too much. So when I think about vaccines and therapies, as you know, kind of our philosophy, which is articulate the numbers and the outlook on what you can see and don't create a lot of hype around things. So when we started out some months ago, we talked about $1 billion opportunity in total, right? That was contracted revenue that we saw. Obviously, as the pandemic continued, as our position continued, as we won more and more parts of the business, even what we committed to, if it all went to zero at the end of this upcoming year, it would be $1.5 billion because we did $0.5 billion last year, $1 billion this year. And based on what we see with the pandemic and what our customers are telling us, we would expect demand for COVID-19 therapies and vaccines to be very substantial in '22 and likely to have some level of revenue going into '23 and maybe even longer. So it's going to be a large contribution based on the strength of our bioproduction business and our pharma services capability. So thank you for the question. 
Marc Casper: Let me wrap here with a few things. First, as all of our analysts expressed and on behalf of all 80,000 colleagues, Ken, thank you for a job incredibly well done and wishing you the happiest of retirements. It's been awesome. From a company perspective, we delivered an exceptional year and we're even more excited about the opportunities ahead of us. We're looking forward to updating you during the course of 2021. And as always, thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This will conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-21 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2020 Third Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your moderator today, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin your call.
Kenneth Apicerno: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note, this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors Section of our Web site thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts and Presentations until November 6, 2020. A copy of the press release of our third quarter 2020 earnings is available in the Investors Section of our Web site under the heading Financial Results. So, before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 27, 2020, under the caption Risk Factors, which is also on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is also available in the Investors section of our Web site under the heading SEC filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. Therefore you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also, during this call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our third quarter 2020 earnings, and also in the Investors section of our Web site under the heading Financial Information. So, with that, I'll turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Ken, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our 2020 third quarter call. As you saw in our press release, we delivered exceptional performance again in Q3 as we continue to build on the significant progress we made last quarter. I continue to be humbled by the incredible efforts of our team as they answer the call to help our customers and society manage through this unprecedented time. Not only did they expand our leading role in supporting the Global COVID-19 response, but they also effectively managed through this environment to return our base business to growth. The work we're doing today is clearly having a profound impact on the world, and for that we can be very proud. But it's important to note that our efforts are also strengthening Thermo Fisher for the future, and making us a more valuable partner for our customers. I see many positive trends from this period that will increase our contributions to healthcare. A few examples that I referenced during our recent analyst meeting are worth repeating. We're seeing much greater collaboration among industry and governments globally. Funding for research diagnostics and development of therapies and vaccines will increase to prepare for future health threats. We'll see more focus on supply chain security and the building of national stockpiles as well, and all of this has put a significant spotlight on the need for a stronger commitment to improving healthcare systems globally. We're already seeing the impact of these trends on our business, and I'll give you a number of examples later in my remarks, but first, I'll review our financial performance and give you some color on what we're seeing in our end markets. From a financial perspective, in Q3, we continue to work with speed at scale to support our customers, generating approximately $2 billion of COVID-19-related revenue in the quarter. At the same time, our teams did excellent work to grow our base business. This led to exceptional performance across all of our key financial metrics. Our reported revenue increased 36% in Q3 year-over-year to $8.52 billion. Adjusted operating income grew 97%, to $2.80 billion. Our adjusted operating margin increased to 32.9%, and we grew our adjusted EPS by 91%, to $5.63 per share in the quarter. We're continuing to manage the company appropriately in a very fluid environment, exercising the cost discipline that you'd expect from us, while investing significantly in new products, services, and capabilities that will create value over the longer-term. Turning to our end markets, our performance was a combination of our significant pandemic response and the return to growth in our base business. Starting with pharma and biotech, the largest of our four end markets, we delivered an excellent Q3, growing 20%. We've performed very well in this end market for many years, and we further accelerated our growth by helping these customers to ramp up development of COVID-19 therapies and vaccines. The combination of strong market fundamentals and pandemic-related activities led to strength across all of the businesses servicing this end market, particularly bioproduction, pharma services, biosciences, and our research and safety market channel. In academic and government we grew in the low single digits in Q3. We captured opportunities as more of these customers returned to work and their research activities increased. Turning to industrial and applied, while we declined in the low single digits during the quarter, we saw a meaningful sequential improvement from Q2. Last, in diagnostics and healthcare, we had an incredible quarter, delivering 130% growth. While we continue to see the impact of a lower level of routine doctor visits and related testing, demand did improve from Q2 levels and our COVID-related testing revenue grew significantly during the quarter. We saw the benefits of these dynamics across our Life Sciences Solutions and Specialty Diagnostics businesses. As you know, our involvement here includes providing both proprietary COVID-19 diagnostic test kits as well as reagents used for laboratory-developed tests, along with sample collection products and instrumentation. So, in summary, our teams put forth an amazing effort in Q3, not only increasing our response to the pandemic but also returning our base business the growth. The combination resulted in performance that positions us to deliver our best year yet. Turning to our business highlights for the quarter, as you know, we continue to increase our capabilities so we can the best partner for our customers and strengthen our competitive position. In Q3, we worked with speed at scale to address the critical needs brought on by the pandemic, while making great progress in executing our growth strategy across our businesses. Let me cover a few of the highlights. In terms of our pandemic response, we continue to expand our role as a trusted partner for industry and governments around the world. It's important to note that while this has clearly driven exceptional growth for us so far this year, much of what we're putting in place now will create sustainable value longer-term. First, as you know, we have the leading position in providing COVID-19 diagnostic test kits given our gold standard PCR-based tests and our industry-leading install base of instruments, and we continue to expand our presence by bringing new solutions to the market that help the medical community ramp up testing capacity, and enable society's return to work and school. In September, we launched a new highly automated solution called Amplitude that helps laboratories quickly scale up to meet testing volumes. This platform is based on our TaqPath combo kit and the QuantStudio 7 PCR instruments, and has the highest sample throughput in the industry. We're seeing strong demand for this innovative solution, and we've already completed installation at several customer sites. We also recently introduced two new Thermo Scientific antibody tests, our OmniPath ELISA test received emergency use authorization from FDA for the qualitative detection of total antibodies, and our new EliA test is now available to run on our Phadia 250 instrument so customers can tap into the extensive install base worldwide. Both tests can be used in the U.S. as well as Europe, and other countries accepting the CE mark. As I reflect on the long-term, we're now recognized by our customers as a scale player in infectious disease testing. We've significantly increased our install base of sample preparation and PCR instruments over the last nine months, and that will create new opportunities for us going forward. Another example of sustainable value is that we continue to ramp up production of supplies that are essential to the testing process, such as liquid handling plastics and the specialized viral transport media used in sample collection. We highlighted the opening of our new viral transport media facility, in Kansas, last quarter, and in Q3, we announced plans to further expand our global capacity by building a new facility in Scotland to support the European market. We're also significantly expanding capacity for our lab plastics to meet surging demand which will put us in a great position long-term as well, and important point that I want to make here is that our PPI business system is a key advantage in our ability to scale our operations quickly and cost-effectively to meet our customers' needs and drive growth. One more example of sustainable value creation is our support of new therapies and vaccines. We're significantly adding capacity across our biosciences, bioproduction, and former services businesses, creating an infrastructure that will position us incredibly well for the future. In our biosciences business, we're significantly investing in our global capacity to increase the manufacturing of enzymes and nucleotides used in vaccines. In pharma services, last week we announced our partnership with the Economic Development Board of Singapore to expand our sterile fill finish capacity by building our first facility there. Once operational in 2022, the facility will include the only high-speed filling line for live viruses in Singapore and help meet the demand across the Asia-Pacific region. This is another great example of how we're working with speed with governments to help them respond effectively to health emergencies in the future. In addition to government-funded projects, including our BARDA project to increase capacity in the U.S., that we highlighted last quarter, we've committed more than $700 million in CapEx to add global capacity to meet COVID-related demand. In summary, all of this work is clearly essential to helping our customers navigate the pandemic, and it's also giving us new capabilities and capacity that will be repurposed to meet future demand for vaccines and therapies. While our COVID-19 response contributed significantly to our performance, we are also continuing to make great progress in executing our growth strategy across the business. I'll give you just a few highlights from the quarter. In terms of innovation, we launched a number of significant new products in Q3. Let me pick a couple to highlight, one from our electron microscopy business and one from bioproduction. Our new Thermo Scientific Selectris X Imaging Filters are breakthrough advances in cryo-EM for structural biology applications. These new filters allow scientists to view protein structures in unprecedented detail and in less time than what was previously possible. This will not only accelerate research but also accelerate the adoption of cryo-EM, and another new product is our Thermo Scientific POROS Oligo resin which is used to purify and isolate mRNA for the development of vaccines and therapies. As mRNA production accelerates, the needs of highly scalable purification technology will be critical. In emerging markets our leading scale continues to be an advantage for us, and we are expanding our presence to meet customer demand. During the quarter we celebrated the grand opening of a new factory in Suzhou, China, for our single use bio-production technologies. As you know, we already have a well-established lab products operation in Suzhou, and this expansion is our first bio-production facility in the Asia-Pacific region, which will help meet increasing demand there for biologics. Our teams in China have effectively managed through the pandemic while positioning the business for growth, and we were pleased to deliver 18% growth in China in Q3. The last part I want to highlight around the progress we are making across our business is tied to our unique value proposition. Our customers recognize that we stepped up in a major way to help them navigate the challenging environment and that's creating new opportunities to build on our already strong relationships. This is very evident in forming biotech as you know, and now increasingly so with healthcare and diagnostic customers as well. During this time, the advantage of our leading scale and depth of capabilities has never been more evident, and this will lead to share gain opportunities longer term. Before I turn to our guidance, I'll make a quick a comment on capital deployment. As you know, our capital deployment strategy is a combination of returning capital through buybacks and dividends and strategic M&A. In terms of our view on M&A, we continue to have an active deal pipeline. We have a very strong balance sheet, and as always, we'll apply disciplined quiet approach the opportunities that meet our criteria for creating shareholder value. Turning to our guidance, there has obviously been a tremendous effort in supporting the COVID-19 response this year, and we've also executed well to grow our base business. This combination led to extraordinary growth and performance in Q3, and we expect that to continue to Q4. With that context, we expect to grow full-year 2020 revenue by 20% to approximately $30.5 billion, and we expect to grow our full-year 2020 adjusted EPS by 48% to $18.27 per share. Stephen will give you more of the details, but clearly, we are on track to achieve our truly spectacular year. Before I turn the call over to Stephen, let me leave you with a couple of takeaways. We continue to expand our leading role in responding to the pandemic, and we are having a profound impact on society. We are executing very well to capture new opportunities, gain market share, and drive growth across our businesses. Our efforts this year are significantly strengthening our company and positioning us very well for the long term. With that, I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc, and good morning everyone. I'll begin with a high level summary of our Q3 performance. As Marc mentioned, we have another exceptional quarter and grew organically 34%. I'll break this down into two elements. The first is the scale of our COVID-19 response revenue that we generated during the quarter, and the second is the performance of the base business. Our COVID-19 response revenue in the third quarter was $2 billion and contributed 31% to growth; largely driven by testing related products and instruments. Our base business excluding the COVID-19 revenue grew organically 3%. We are very pleased to deliver a 13-point improvement from Q2 driven by a higher customer activity levels and great commercial execution. The 34% organic growth for the quarter was higher than the updated our recent analyst meeting, as we continue to have robust demand for testing, and the potential risks around the level of customer activity did not materialize. Our PPI business system enabled excellent pull through on the 34% organic growth, a combination of fixed cost leverage and operating with speed at scale enabled us to deliver 91% growth in adjusted earnings per share on the quarter, a truly exceptional result. I'll now provide more details on our third quarter results then provide some color on our four segments and conclude with some comments around guidance. Starting with our Q3 earnings results, as I mentioned we grew adjusted EPS by 91% to $5.63. GAAP EPS in the quarter was $4.84 up 157% from Q3 last year. On the top line, our Q3 reported revenue grew 36% year-over-year. The components of our Q3 reported revenue increased included 34% organic growth, a foreign exchange tailwind of 1% and 1% growth from acquisitions. Turning to our growth by geography during the quarter, North America grew 40%, Europe grew 25%, Asia Pacific grew just under 20% as the China and rest of the world grew 65%. Looking at our operational performance, Q3 adjusted operating income increased to 97% and adjusted operating margin was 32.9%, 10 percentage points higher than Q3 last year. In the quarter, our PPI business system enabled it to drive exceptional volume leverage and strong productivity, and we had a favorable business mix. At the same time, we continue to make some significant strategic investments across the businesses. Moving on to the details of the P&L, total company adjusted gross margin in the quarter came in at 52.3%, up 620 basis points from Q3 of the prior year. The increase in gross margin had similar drivers to those I just mentioned for our adjusted operating margin. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 16% of revenue, a decrease of 350 basis points versus Q3 2019 reflecting the very strong volume leverage. Total R&D expense was $296 million, 20% higher than Q3 2019 and R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue in Q3 was 5.2%. Looking our results below the line for the quarter, net interest expense was $135 million, $24 million higher than Q3 last year, primarily due to increased debt levels. Adjusted other income and expense with net income in the quarter was approximately $2 million, $24 million lower than Q3 2019, mainly due to changes in non-operating foreign exchange. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 15.7%. This is up 450 basis points versus Q3 last year due to the substantial increase in pre-tax profit year-over-year coming in at our marginal tax rates. Average diluted shares were $399 million in Q3 about $5 million lower year-over-year driven by the net impact of share repurchases and option dilution. Turning to cash flow in the balance sheet, cash flow was another great highlight for the quarter. Our PPI business system is enabling us to deliver great cash pull through on the very strong top line performance. For the first nine months, cash flow from continuing operations was $5 billion and free cash flow was $4.1 billion after deducting net capital expenditures of approximately $900 million. We returned approximately $90 million to shareholders through dividends in the quarter, and we ended Q3 with approximately $7.5 billion in cash and $21.1 billion of total debt. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 2.5 times gross debt to adjusted EBITDA and 1.6 times on a net basis. Concluding my comments and our total company performance, adjusted ROIC was 14.9%, up 330 basis points from Q3 last year, as we continue to generate a very strong return. Now to provide some color on the performance of our four business segments, similar to last quarter, I'll start with some framing thoughts around the impact of COVID-19 response had on the segment results. From a revenue standpoint in Q3, the majority of the COVID-19 response revenue is reflected in Life Science Solutions. This is revenue from testing kits, instruments, sample preparation and reagents for lab developed tests recognized in the genetic sciences and biosciences businesses. It also includes revenue from therapy and vaccine production supplies recognized in the bioproduction business. The Specialty Diagnostics segments include revenue and the clinical diagnostics business from the molecular controls that go into testing kits. We also recognized revenue to viral transport media in the microbiology business and for tests and PP&E in the healthcare market channel. Laboratory Products and Services segment includes revenue for therapy and vaccine support biopharma services business. The segment also includes revenue for PPE in the recession safety market channel as well as plastics used in testing workflows and cold storage equipment manufactured by a lab products business. So, a lot of detail to take in, but I think it really demonstrates the breadth of our societal response to the pandemic. From a margin standpoint, the impact of COVID-19 was varied across the segments, based on the scale of the response revenue, and the different levels of profitability on that revenue. In addition, during the quarter, we continue to make strategic investments in our businesses, even though that we're not benefiting from COVID-19 response revenue. This included investments in our colleagues in terms of incentive compensation recognition, as well as commercial R&D and production capability investments. We are able to do this given the strength of the company's overall performance. The size of these investments does not necessarily align with COVID-19 response revenue in each segment. So that does skew some of the reported segment margins. So, a lot of moving parts from a segment margin standpoint, it reflects the very active management of the company, successfully navigating the current environment and positioning the company for an even brighter future. Moving on to segment details, starting with Life Sciences Solutions, in Q3, reported revenue increased 101%, and organic revenue growth was 100%. We saw exceptionally strong growth in our genetic sciences and biosciences businesses, as well as very strong growth in our bioproduction business. In Q3, adjusted operating income and lifestyle solutions increased 221%, and adjusted operating margin was 54.9%, up 20 percentage points year-over-year. In the quarter, we drove very strong volume pull through at public business mix and continue to make strategic investments across the businesses in the segment. The Analytical Instruments segment reported a revenue decrease of 2% in Q3, and an organic revenue decline of 3%, an increased level of customer activity and good commercial execution led to a 20 percentage point sequential improvement in the business performance from Q2, and chromatography and mass spectrometry business return to growth in the quarter. Q3 adjusted operating income and Analytical Instruments decreased 45% and adjusted operating margin was 12.8%, down 10 percentage points year-over-year. Eight percentage points of this change was due to $100 million one-time accounting charge that we took in Q3 for a loss on a supply contract in our electron microscopy business. This was triggered by the very successful launch of our new Thermo scientific Selectris imaging filter. The remainder of the margin reduction in the quarter was driven by business mix, lower volumes and strategic investments, partially offset by strong productivity. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics segments, in Q3 reported revenue increased by 63%, organic revenue growth was 62%. COVID-19 response revenue was significant in the quarter, enabling us to deliver very strong growth in our microbiology healthcare market channel and clinical diagnostics businesses. The pandemic continues to impact routine diagnostic testing activity, and this is most pronounced in our immunodiagnostics and transplant diagnostics businesses in the quarter. However, it was encouraging to see a substantial pickup in activity from Q2. Adjusted operating income increased 79% and adjusted operating margin was 27.9%, up 260 basis points from the prior year. In the quarter we saw a very strong volume leverage partially offset by negative business mix and strategic investments. Finally in Laboratory Products and Services segments, Q3 reported revenue increased 19%. Organic revenue growth was 16%. In the quarter we saw a strong growth in our research and safety market channel, pharma services and laboratory products businesses. Adjusted operating income in the segment for Q3 increased 17%, and adjusted operating margin was 11.4%, 20 basis points lower than prior year. In the quarter, the segment drove strong productivity and volume leverage, but this was more than offset by unfavorable business mix and strategic investments that I mentioned earlier. So with that, now let me turn to guidance. I'll provide you a current view for both organic revenue growth and adjusted EPS for the fourth quarter and for the full-year 2020. I'll also provide an update on certain full-year 2020 assumptions to help you with your modeling. I'll start with organic growth. Our current estimate for Q4 organic growth is 29%. That's driven by an expected $1.75 billion of COVID-19 response revenue and organic growth in the base business of low-to-mid single digits. The impact of the pandemic continues to evolve, and as a result, through potential outcomes both above and below the 29% that could play out in Q4. From a capacity standpoint, should that be customer demand above the 29% level, we're well positioned to be able to support our customers as we did in Q3. In terms of adjusted earnings per share, we expect considerable volume leverage from the 29% organic growth in Q4. At that level of growth, we expect to deliver approximately 60% year-over-year growth and adjusted earnings per share in Q4. A few additional points of color on this outlook, similar to prior quarters, the volume of testing undertaken by our customers will be the most significant factor determining the extent of our COVID-19 response revenue in Q4. The outlook also includes a continued ramp in the support of therapies and vaccines. Regarding the base business growth, this assumes similar levels of activity to Q3, and the benefit of the two extra days being offset by slightly weaker year-end spend than in Q4 2019, given the current environment that seems like a reasonable assumption to start the quarter with a well-positioned to assist customers should funding availability be higher. The outlook does not anticipate to return to the lockdown seen at the height of the pandemic earlier in the year. Supporting all of this in a full-year context, our current estimate for 2020 revenue is $30.52 billion, which would represent 20% growth over 2019 including 19% organic growth. In terms of adjusted earnings per share, our current estimate for the full-year 2020 is $18.27, which represents 48% growth over 2019. We're on track for a truly spectacular year. I will now move on to an update of some of the additional modeling elements for the full-year. With regards to FX in 2020, we're now assuming that we'll have a negligible impact on revenue based on current FX rates. We expect net interest cost for the year to be approximately $490 million. We're assuming that adjusted other net income will be about $50 million for the year and we expect the full-year adjusted income tax rate to be 14.2%. Net capital expenditures are now expected to be approximately $1.5 billion. This includes $400 million of CapEx to support our COVID-19 response in 2020. We continue to execute while on growth related CapEx opportunities particularly in our pharma services and bioproduction businesses. These have short and long-term benefits and provide very strong returns on investment. In terms of capital deployments, we completed the $1.5 billion a share buybacks in Q1 and assuming no further buybacks in the remainder of 2020. We're also continuing to assume that we're returning approximately $350 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends, and we estimate that the full-year average diluted share count will be between 398 million and 400 million shares. So, to wrap up, as you can see from our exceptional performance in Q3, we continue to manage the company extremely effectively strengthen our leadership in responding to the global pandemic, and position ourselves to deliver a spectacular year. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth Apicerno: Thanks, Stephen. Operator, we're ready to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson from J.P. Morgan.
Tycho Peterson: Hi, good morning. Congrats on the quarter, certainly impressive. Marc, I want to start with the LPS strength, 16% organic. I'm just wondering if you could provide a little bit of color on how much of this is vaccine ramp versus recovery and non-COVID-related trial work, was there any kind of catch-up benefit here in the quarter from stuff in 2Q, and how do you think about sustaining this level and ramping on the LPS side and into 4Q and 2021?
Marc Casper: Thanks, Tycho. Good morning. So, in terms of our Lab Products & Services businesses, all three of the businesses performed in the quarter. So that's pharma services, our CDMO activities, that's our customer channels group, and that's our lab products business, and we saw activity ramp up, as we did for the whole company, on the sort of normal business activity in the quarter, and at the same point, you're seeing two different types or three different types of COVID-related response embedded in those numbers. Clearly, the vaccine and therapy ramp up is happening, and you see that certainly in our pharma services business. You're also seeing very significant demand in our customer channels business for things like PPE as well as all the supplies you would use for COVID response. And then in our lab products business, we have very strong demand for our lab plastics as well as our cold storage equipment. As you know, we're a market leader in providing cold storage for laboratory use, and effectively, when you read about some of the vaccines needed cold storage across the supply chain we're getting very, very significant demand for those products. The basis is very good, right, so that's gone well, and then obviously on top of that you're seeing the benefits of those types of activity.
Tycho Peterson: Great, and then a follow-up just on the plastic side, curious on your views on the durability of that non-automated PCR business which had driven a lot of strength in the first-half of the year, and then with Amplitude, I'm just wondering if you could talk a little bit about positioning there. Obviously it's got the highest throughput, as you noted. Is the traction you're seeing now from academic labs, are you seeing interest from reference labs or hospitals, can you just talk about how you think about both the durability of non-amplified testing, and then Amplitude as well. Thanks.
Marc Casper: Yes, so, Tycho, in terms of the demand for our PCR testing, it continues to be very strong, right, and if you think about it, gold standard performance in terms of accuracy, largest install base of instruments around the world, and we have supplied our customers and ramped up, and we have been the supplier that there's been no headaches really from a customer perspective through the pandemic. We have built our capacity ahead of demand consistently, and therefore customers have been happy, and know they can rely on us. Amplitude is an ultra-high throughput system, over 6,000 tests per day, and we're seeing very large demand. We've seen that demand from governments, we've seen that demand from reference labs and hospital systems, right. So it is a niche application but drives enormous volumes, right, because ultra-high throughput, so those labs, those governments that are really providing the support for high volume, given our supply reliability, the quality of our tests, and the dedication that we've had throughout the pandemic, that product will be a good growth driver. In terms of durability, we believe that PCR testing is going to continue to be very relevant to our customers because it gives you the most accurate information, and therefore we're comfortable with continuing with a strong level of demand in the fourth quarter, and we expect that those products are going to be relevant in 2021 because, unfortunately, the pandemic is still with us. Thanks, Tycho.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Vijay Kumar from Evercore, your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Thank you, guys, and congrats, Marc, you guys are setting a new bar trying to beat that pre-announced revenue, that's really impressive. Maybe on just the Q4 guidance there, I guess we were looking $2 billion of, I guess -- $1.6 billion of COVID tailwinds for 3Q that's coming in north of $2 billion here for 3Q, so one -- and if you look at the guidance for Q4 of $1.75 billion, I'm just curious if -- if was there any tiny element, did some of the tailwinds get pulled forward to 3Q, and when you look at the base guidance of low to mid single digits maybe it looks like a lot of it is being driven by biopharma. Maybe comment on industrial and academic environment heading into Q4.
Marc Casper: Yes, so, Vijay, thanks for the question, and it's exciting to be able to set a new bar on performance, right. So that's been an interesting time for sure. In terms of our guidance, the way that we think about the fourth quarter is base business similar to what we saw in Q3 to a little bit better, and what's assumed in there, and it's an assumption, it's not based on customer feedback, is that year-end spend is softer than it was last year, and we're well positioned to meet it if higher demand, if customers have the funding, and our logic to that was it's a little bit early to know. It's a conservative assumption, and we don't want to disappoint. So if the funding is strong you know that, like we did in these last few quarters or many years actually, if the money is out there we're going to go out and get it, right. So that's the view on the base business, of low to mid single digit growth. When you look at the $1.75 billion, we see very strong demand right now for our COVID response. We're seeing a continued build in our vaccine and therapy role, and we are also seeing very strong demand for our testing solutions as well. You have less visibility into the month of December. So we have much better visibility, obviously, in October and November, and we just made an assumption that levels were going to be pretty similar to what we saw in the third quarter, and we came in at $1.75 billion. I wouldn't over-read into why $1.75 billion versus $2 billion, it's just that we have visibility for a couple of months, and December we have less visibility, but nonetheless it seems like demand should be strong.
Vijay Kumar: That's extremely helpful, Marc, and just one follow-up on, I guess, at the analyst day you made a comment about contractors orders on the vaccine worked about a billion, any update on that number?
Marc Casper: Yes, so in terms of our role for vaccines and therapeutics, we said over the balance of this year, '21, and '22 it's about $1 billion, and than number continues to grow, so I'd call it a $1 billion-plus at this point. We're active in a significant number of projects, something in the range of over 250 projects on therapies and vaccines, and our role is quite broad, it's not just pharma services, it's bioproduction, biosciences, and -- so that will be a -- is contributing to our revenue, but will contribute more certainly as the fourth quarter, and into the next year progresses.
Vijay Kumar: Thank you, guys.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Vijay.
Operator: Steve Beuchaw from Wolfe Research, your line is open.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi, good morning, and thanks for the time here. I wanted to ask one on academic, just looking to unpack a little bit of the commentary in the prepared remarks, and then one just very quick follow-up on Amplitude and the broader testing landscape. My question on academic is a two-parter. I guess one is, we all watch all the headlines about what's going on in the university backdrop. I wonder if you could give your perspective on research labs within universities and broader research sort of opening up here as we progress through the back-half of the year, to what extent is that reopening necessarily contingent upon a broader university reopening, and then to your point on funding, Marc, certainly makes a lot of sense, but to what extent is that a medium-term versus a near-term perspective on funding just given all the unknowns right now, not necessarily in the U.S., but in China and Europe as it relates to how they're going about funding in research.
Marc Casper: Yes, so, Steve, thanks for the questions. So, in terms of the academic and government, good to see the return to growth, clearly more customers came back to work, ramping up research activities, and that actually was a global phenomenon; we saw that across all three of the regions, and they all happened at different paces, but it's good to see that. When I made the comments at the very beginning of my remarks, really the funding environment I'm thinking about is the midterm, right, it's [technical difficulty] -- what I mean by that is there's such interest now in infectious disease, the pandemic, the importance, like in the U.S., of how NIH has played a huge role here. Those things are going to really, for the midterm, be very positive on a funding environment. Even short-term we're seeing quite a bit of interest from governments, and then obviously academic institutions, their own situation is probably much more impacted by their own economics, so that's going to be somewhat of a headwind, but that historically has been a low to mid single-digit growth market, and it's good to see we're already back to low single-digit growth there.
Steve Beuchaw: Super clear. The follow-up, building on some of the commentary around Amplitude, looks like an approach that makes a lot of sense, not just for higher acuity or symptomatic, but for screening, which should be interesting to hear how you think the market for testing PCR and more broadly evolves towards screening over the next year and beyond, given that you have a unique perspective on all sides of the market? Thanks again.
Marc Casper: Well, Steve, in terms of the role of testing, obviously managing in a pandemic is around social distancing, mask-wearing, good hygiene, and all of those things, and testing is a valuable supplemental tool to that, and we're seeing more and more demand for testing in those applications as well for kind of return-to-life is what we call it, which is really work in school, and things like the Amplitude is going to be able to support both medical applications as well as screening. You get a very high throughput, it's very economic, and therefore customers can get results quite rapidly, and therefore it plays a role, and what you're getting with PCR is extreme levels of accuracy versus some of the other technologies out there, which also will play a role, but you are trading accuracy, and depending on what the application is that's something that there certain applications doesn't make a lot of sense for. Operator, we'll take the next one.
Operator: Derik de Bruin from Bank of America, your line is open.
Derik de Bruin: Hi, great. Thank you, and good morning. So a little bit of -- can you give us a little bit more color on the split in the quarter on testing PPE in bioproduction, just how that $2 billion broke down that, and then I've got a follow-up.
Marc Casper: Yes, Derik, good morning. So in terms of the $2 billion, the majority is the testing related portion of that, and when you think about the testing portion it's actually quite expansive, right. So the single largest piece of that is going to be on our proprietary COVID-19 TaqPath kits, PCR kits, but we also have significant revenue from instrumentation and lab-developed tests. So that's kind of the PCR ecosystem with all of the very substantial sample prep that we provide across the industry as well. We really have built tremendous momentum there. On top of that, our viral transport media business has grown very rapidly, so Q3 was a nice step up from Q2, and we expect that to continue to grow, and that is a key part of the specimen collection, sample collection and transport to a lab, and so that we'll continue to build, and we announced that we're opening up a new facility in Scotland. We broke ground on that, be able to start producing viral transport media at the end of the year to start the European market, beyond the two facilities in Europe that already do that. So that continues to be important. From the next aspect, which is probably the smallest aspect at this point, which is PPE, as you would expect there was clearly -- that's all through our channel business. There was very elevated prices in the beginning of the pandemic as there was massive supply constraints. Volume has still be high, pricing has come down, and so, therefore while there's a moderate level of activity a lot of volume at a lower price, and that's good from a societal standpoint. It's good to see suppliers catching up with demand, and then from the -- probably the fastest-growing and building is our broad role in kind of, I'll say, vaccines and therapies, and I'm going to define it broadly because I think that sometimes because we have the most comprehensive position in the industry that we don't get clearly compared to the right activity. So the way to think about it, and Stephen was articulating it, there's what we provide to the manufacturers of a vaccine or a therapy, and historically you'd look at that as bioproduction, and that would be our leading positions in cell culture media, single-use technology, and our rapidly growing position in purification resins. At the same point, our biosciences business actually has a very meaningful role in that as well through the enzyme and nucleotide production, and we're doing very substantial expansions of capacity to support those needs as well. So, that's one set of activity. The second set of the activity is obviously around our pharma services business, and you would see that in our sterile fill-finish network, where you do the filling of a vaccine or a biologic, but you also see that in our drug substance or biologics plants, and even with some of the antivirals that are small molecules, you can see them in our API facility. So, we're incredibly well-positioned in a very skill way to serve the vaccine and therapy opportunities, and you're already starting to see that build, and that will continue to build in Q4 and into next year.
Derik de Bruin: Right, and just one quick follow-up, so you talked about your analytical instrumentation business, essentially back, you know, essentially roughly flat, are you dealing with back orders from the first-half of the year, or are you seeing new orders for LCMS, and then a appendix on that one is, what's your PCR base instrument install base up year-over-year, if you can get a sense?
Marc Casper: So, in terms of the revenue, the really strong sequential improvement in revenue for Q3 versus Q2, the answer there is our orders are growing much faster than the revenue. So, we're actually building backlog. So, I don't think it is much of shifting from Q2 to Q3, just customer activity is really been picking up. You see that most quickly in our life science mass spec business and chromatography business. That business returned to growth in the quarter from a revenue perspective, and bookings were stronger than that. So, that's very encouraging, and then, as you would expect on the flip side, those areas that are very economically sensitive like chemical analysis, that's lagging, right, improved substantially, but lagging relative to the life sciences mass spec, and we have from a install base of sample prep and qPCR, we're shipping in a quarter what we would normally ship in a year. So, it doesn't give you the exact number, but it gives you the sense of the magnitude of how big that's been.
Derik de Bruin: Thank you.
Marc Casper: You are welcome.
Operator: Doug Schenkel from Cowen, your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking our questions. Marc, during the Analyst Day last month, you commented I think in response to a question that COVID-19 tailwinds could be lower, about the same or higher on a year-over-year basis in 2021, do you have any updated thoughts on this, at this point, particularly in light of higher than expected COVID-19 contributions in Q3 and incorporating what you're seeing especially on the bioproduction side, given demand there has materialized a bit more recently, relative to diagnostics, and then, kind of building off of that longer-term meeting really beyond 2021. Do you think the investments you're making to support COVID-19 demand in each today and in 2021 will lead to at least stable levels of revenue in these product categories, even when the pandemic abates?
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Doug, what I can say is that on the first one, I have to be 100%, right on the answer, right, if it's either up down or flat, then I
Doug Schenkel: Yes, yes.
Marc Casper: [Multiple speakers] -- 100% accuracy on. So, those are two great questions, right? So, if I think about things that are building, clearly the broadly, you know, position and bioproduction, our pharma services business or biosciences nucleotide, that's all building, right? So, and then that's better than three or four weeks ago. It doesn't -- as you know, these things are very long cycle, they're moving at a much faster pace, but it takes a while for these products to get through the clinical process with approvals, and looking for efficacy. So, we see that building, and that's good for us in terms of what the outlook is. In terms of -- you know, unfortunately every day and week that we're still living with the pandemic means that things like testing are likely to be more durable, right? So that, you know, even six weeks or so after the analyst meeting, we're really in the same boat with actually more cases in Europe and a lot of increases in the pandemic. That usually adds to the view that there's going to be more durability to this going into '21, but we'll know more as we get into the year. So, in terms of the longer-term investments, a great question, right, the way to think about it is, we're investing significantly, you know $700 million is almost what we normally put in capital in the year roughly, right, so it's additional. We are it doing quickly, right. If you think about the pace that we are actually bringing facilities online gives you sense of the power of the PPI Business System. Pretty much everything that you are seeing we are going to repurpose longer term to other markets that are not pandemic-related, right, and some of them are very easy to visualize, right, which is think about start for finish, we have commitments for the expansions that we have done for vaccines and therapies, and we are also already getting commitments from customers -- large customers that basically say when that demand is freed up, we want to put other products in that demand, right.
 it's :
Doug Schenkel: Okay, and I'll leave it there, and let others ask other questions. Thank you very much.
Marc Casper: Thanks Doug.
Operator: Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research, your line is open.
Steve Willoughby: Hi, good morning. Two questions for you, Marc, one just following up on some previous commentary if you don't mind, you talked about how you are assuming a weaker end of your spending environment within the guidance that you provided today, but I am curious as to your comments talking about how you are seeing customer activity really picking up, orders growing faster than revenue. Just wondering if you could provide any color on how those two -- the different comments sort of jive with each other, and then I have on follow-up for you.
Marc Casper: Stephen, you want to talk a little bit about that?
Stephen Williamson: No, so the comment about picking up versus Q2 so that sequential improvement in performance, and the assumption is similar levels of aggregate customer level activity in Q4, and yes, we have made an assumption around yearend spend, but as Marc said, if it's going to be higher, then our business is well-positioned to help our customers satisfy that demand.
Marc Casper: And Steve, another way we have a say lots of discussions with our customers. It's a little tacky right now to say, so what is your yearend budget going to look like. It's just not a topic that is where you are focused on which is -- so not helping you, right, and this is not a normal year. So, I think that's a good place to start again for the quarter.
Steve Willoughby: Very good, okay, and then I was just wondering if you could comment at all regarding the bioprocessing business overall, and what you saw in terms of level of growth there and maybe also maybe a level of orders for the bioprocessing business overall? Thank you.
Marc Casper: Growth is very strong, stronger than the historically strong performance, and orders were significantly stronger than that strong growth, so very, very high level of order growth which you would expect, right. We play a major role in the therapies and vaccines broadly in all classes of disease, and we are playing a significant role in COVID. So, we are seeing very strong demand for our capabilities. Thanks Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Arias from Stifel. Your line is open.
Dan Arias: Good morning, guys. Thank you. Marc, maybe just a follow-up on some color on bioproduction, can you comment on the visibility in terms of products and services when it comes to non-COVID work? I mean obviously it's all strong at a high level, but I guess I am just trying to understand the extent to which there is maybe from incremental uncertainty when you look at companies that are balancing COVID and non-COVID project loads. I mean are there error bars around the timing in some of this non-COVID campaign work that might be wider than normal as they move real fast here? Or, does it sort of all looks steady from where you sit at this point?
Marc Casper: It seems pretty steady. I mean if think about manufacturing across the industry not our customers, has been smooth sailing through this period of time, right. Companies have been able to produce their medicines and develop their products for -- through the development process. So, we haven't seen COVID-related disruptions on the manufacturing side of biotech and pharmaceutical. It continues to grow very substantially. So, obviously there is going to be some diversion of short-term resources. So, maybe two or three years from now there is some project that has been theoretically less than what it could have been because of COVID work, but I think that's very much in the noise level, because if I look at things like new quotations and new activities, it's extraordinary high and our development work, clinical trials work. So, I think it's very good.
Dan Arias: Okay, appreciate that. Maybe Stephen, can I just touch on Patheon for second there, and the margin mix within LPS? I think this Patheon was 17% or so at the up margin line when you bought the company. Obviously, the volume environment there looks pretty good. So, if we were to look forward, do you that business over the next couple of years can increasingly sort of provide some loss to LPS segment profitability if demand just shapes up here the way that it's look like it could?
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So, I think we've made great progress with the margins in that business, and future as we drive more utilization of capacity will be very strong for the margin profile. Thanks, Dan.
Marc Casper: Thanks Dan. Operator, we are going to take just one more.
Operator: Jack Meehan from Nephron Research, your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning.
Marc Casper: Hi, Jack.
Jack Meehan: Marc, I was hoping you could comment a little bit more on the R&D investment. It's my favorite data point in the press release. So, just where are you maybe over-indexing some of the incremental spend? Are you pulling forward projects or diving deeper down the list, and is there a way to think about the payback on some this incremental spend? How long that should take?
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Jack, thanks for the question. R&D spend was up about 20% in the quarter. So, we're investing substantially. It's really about adding more talent is the step that we are doing, and then working on some key areas that -- where demand actually has been a little bit softer. So, what we are doing is kind of doubling down the investment to position ourselves for strong growth for the long term. Very much the exact playbook we did in the financial crisis where we had a very high focus on investing in R&D so that we would bounce back out of the downturn quickly, and we did, and so we are doing that same playbook in certain areas and returns will show up in the next couple of years is the way to think about it. Thank you, Jack, for the question, and let me wrap up with a couple of things, first that we are certainly proud of our role in helping our customers and society during this time. We are going to continue to manage the company appropriately to come out of this period and even stronger industry leader. We look forward to updating you on our progress at yearend. I hope that you stay safe, and as always, thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2020 Second Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your moderator today, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin.
Kenneth Apicerno: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note, this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors Section of our website thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts and Presentations until July 31, 2020. A copy of the press release of our second quarter 2020 earnings and future expectations is available in the Investors Section of our website under the heading Financial Results. So, before we begin, I will briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the Company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's annual report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 28, 2020 under the caption Risk Factors, which is also on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is also available in the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. So, therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also, during this call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our second quarter 2020 earnings and future expectations, and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So, with that, I'll turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thank you, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our 2020 second quarter call. What an incredible quarter we just had. When we gave our update during our Q1 call, we provided our best thinking on our Q2 expectations in an environment no one had ever seen before. We were prepared for the most difficult quarter we've seen in the 18 years I've been with Thermo Fisher, and we successfully navigated the environment to deliver truly extraordinary performance. Our teams did a remarkable job of helping our customers respond to the pandemic. Their tireless effort and determination drove very strong results, generating material COVID-19 tailwinds, while minimizing the impact of customer disruption created by lockdowns around the world. Our performance in Q2 put a spotlight on the talent of our team, the advantage of our industry-leading scale and depth of capabilities, and the importance of our role in supporting our customers and society. We continuously built on our strengths. And what we've accomplished in the past few months shows that Thermo Fisher can perform extremely well, even in the most difficult circumstances. I know Ill always think back on this period as among our most -- our finest moments as a team and as a company. I look forward to covering some of the many highlights of the quarter with you this morning. So, I'll start with our financial results, which exceeded our expectations across the board. As you saw in our press release, our reported revenue increased 10% in Q2 year-over-year to $6.92 billion. Adjusted operating income grew 26% to $1.86 billion. And our adjusted operating margin increased to 27% in Q2, which was 350 basis points of expansion. Finally, we grew adjusted EPS by 28% to $3.89 per share in the quarter. We delivered such outstanding financial performance in Q2 because we worked with speed at scale, and quickly mobilized our resources to help our customers respond to the pandemic across the globe. Our solutions met their needs, generating approximately $1.3 billion of COVID revenue tailwinds. Our teams also did an excellent job of mitigating the headwinds in other parts of our Company. And we managed the Company aggressively and appropriately in a very fluid environment to set ourselves up for an even brighter future. Turning to our performance by end markets. Let me start with an overall comment for context. As you know, the pandemic has generated both, significant headwinds and tailwinds in our industry. And this impacted each of our end markets to varying degrees. On one hand, we saw greatly reduced customer activity due to work disruptions; and on the other, we benefited significantly from our COVID-19 response. We managed the Company very effectively through this dynamic to deliver an exceptional quarter. So, starting with pharma and biotech, the largest of our four end markets. It was another great quarter and we continued to perform very well here in Q2, growing just under 10%. We had particularly strong performance in our bioproduction and pharma services businesses. Turning to industrial and applied. We saw a decline of just over 10% in Q2, while in academic and government we declined approximately 20%. Customers in these two end markets were significantly affected by business disruptions during the quarter due to the pandemic. Finally, in diagnostics and healthcare. While we saw significant headwinds in this market due to a decrease in doctor visits and related testing, we met the incredible demand for COVID-19 testing and were able to deliver growth of just over 70% in Q2. We're providing customers with our proprietary diagnostic test kits, instrumentation and viral transport media, as well as reagents used for laboratory developed tests. And I'll talk more about our involvement later in my remarks. To wrap up our end market commentary, our teams put forth an amazing effort supporting our customers and meeting the societal response of the pandemic, while effectively managing the Company to deliver outstanding growth in Q2. Turning to the business highlights for the quarter. On our Q1 call, I departed from my typical agenda bit and talked about the three guiding principles we're following to manage through these unprecedented times. To remind you, the first is ensuring the safety of our colleagues; our second guiding principle is to maintain business continuity, so we can continue to support our customers, whether they're directly responding to the pandemic or continuing their work more broadly; and third, we manage our Company appropriately, so we come out of this period an even stronger industry leader. As I reflect on Q2, those guiding principles have served us very well. We've successfully implemented numerous safety protocols at our sites that has kept our business running so we can continue to serve our customers at a time when they need us most. Let me focus today on the last guiding principle, managing the Company appropriately. And to reiterate, it's a combination of relentless focus on executing a long-term growth strategy while ensuring that we successfully navigate the short-term challenges and generate new opportunities as well. During this time, we've been carefully managing costs while confidently investing to position the business for long-term share gain and accelerated growth. This includes continuing to invest in key R&D programs, even in parts of the business where demand is temporarily impacted. For example, we had a great showing at the virtual American Society of Mass Spectrometry conference in June, where we launched two new Orbitrap Exploris instruments to advance biotherapeutic research. These types of investments across our businesses will position us well to capture the opportunities as customer activity returns to more normal levels. The second quarter reinforced why we're recognized as a world leader in serving science. I've been overwhelmed by the outreach we've had from the most senior government officials around the globe, to the leaders of healthcare institutions, to the top executives of the world's largest companies. Theyre all navigating challenges never experienced before, whether they're protecting the safety of their own workforce or communities managing the incredible volume of testing with trying to understand the virus, to identify therapies and accelerate the development of vaccines. We are in the best position to help them meet these challenges because we remain focused on executing our growth strategy by continuously innovating, leveraging our scale and enhancing our unique customer value proposition. We're involved in virtually every aspect of the pandemic response from providing research tools, to personal protective equipment, to diagnostics, as well as supporting the development and production of therapies and vaccines. Our mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner, and safer, and it highlights the critical role we play. This morning, I'm going to focus on the two most prominent aspects of our involvement, diagnostic testing, and the development and manufacturing of vaccines and therapeutics. First, testing. It was an exceptional quarter for us, given the role we play in COVID-19 diagnostics. We created a major business line in a few months and have continued to expand our capabilities. I'll cover just some of the highlights. As you know, our industry-leading PCR franchise has always played a role in our customers' ability to provide lab developed tests. And our reagents and consumables support many COVID-19 tests in use around the world. But our role significantly expanded when we received regulatory approvals back in March for our TaqPath COVID-19 combo kit. Our PCR-based workflow is widely used in 50 countries. And these tests are considered the gold standard, given their high level of accuracy. April was all about ramping up manufacturing and helping getting our customers to get their labs ready to handle the significant volume of testing. Our teams rapidly scaled production at an incredible pace, and we ended the quarter with enough capacity to produce more than 10 million tests per week, should our customers need that level of testing. Our field services team and application specialists did a remarkable job of getting our customers ramped up to COVID-19 testing. In May, we received an expanded emergency use authorization or EUA from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration that allowed more of our PCR instruments to run these tests to help address the huge demand. The EUA also provided more options for reagents and consumables, which provides customers with greater flexibility in testing workflow. The overwhelming demand for testing created significant strain on the industry's supply of sample collection materials. The swabs, vials and media needed to effectively collect and transport the specimen to a testing lab for processing. The U.S. government came to us for help. And given our understanding of the challenge, we worked with them to significantly ramp up production of highly specialized viral transport media or VTM, to address this need. VTM is critical to ensure the accuracy of COVID-19 test results, and must be manufactured and dispensed into vials in an aseptic environment. We designed and built a new factory in Lenexa, Kansas in about six weeks, and we produced our first VTM vials at this new facility on the July 4, the exact date we set out in our ambitious project plan. This was a very exciting accomplishment for our teams. Whether it was in Lenexa or all of the other ramp-up projects related to COVID, our industry-leading scale and the power of our PPI business system were key enablers in achieving these milestones in such a short period of time, while managing enormous complexity and meeting all the regulatory requirements. Looking forward, in addition to our PCR-based TaqPath kit, which determines if a patient has an active infection, we plan on launching additional tests. We're developing a serological test that can tell if a patient has ever been exposed to the virus. And in addition, we're developing a respiratory panel to help doctors determine whether a person has COVID-19 or different respiratory disease. And our goal is to launch this panel as of the flu season. We're working through the regulatory processes to make both of these tests available to customers globally. The other significant aspect of our involvement is the work we're doing to support our pharma and biotech customers in the ways to launch COVID-19 therapeutics and vaccines. As you know, we're a leader in the development and production of vaccines, antivirals and other therapies through our pharma services business. And we're currently working on more than 200 COVID-related projects globally. We're leveraging our global network to support governments and customers as they accelerate these projects, including some that are undergoing human clinical trials, by providing critical capacity and expertise to get new products to market and ultimately to patients. To give you one example, we're playing a key role in the U.S. government's pandemic countermeasure program, managed by the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, better known as BARDA. We received funding to support the expansion of our manufacturing capacity for sterile injectables, which can be used to fill a high volume of vaccine doses. In addition, we're expanding capacity for customers who are developing COVID-19 therapies, including promising antivirals to compress timelines to meet the expected surge in demand. While we continue to increase our support of the pandemic response, we're also expanding our pharma services capacity globally to ensure that we can deliver critical medicines for treating a range of serious health conditions. I'll highlight two examples from the quarter. One is the new site we're building in Plainville, Massachusetts, which will essentially double our viral vector manufacturing capacity. This is another in our series of expansions in the U.S. that will help us meet demand for the development and production of gene therapies. The other development is our strategic partnership with CSL, the global biotech company to help to meet high demand for biologics. We will support CSL's product portfolio by leveraging our entire network, including drug development, production, packaging and clinical trials. And under a long-term agreement, we will also take over CSL's state-of-the-art biologics facility in Lengnau, Switzerland, which is currently under construction and expected to be completed in the 2021. This site will feature both, high-volume stainless steel and highly flexible single-use bioproduction technologies, and our plan is just to expand its use to support a number of customers. All of these strategic investments will ensure that we can deliver on our value proposition for pharma and biotech customers through a powerful combination of expertise, flexibility and scale. Turning now to capital deployment, I'll make a couple of comments on pending acquisition of Qiagen. As you saw in our press release last Thursday, we announced that we renegotiated certain aspects of our acquisition agreement. Given the considerable changes in industry dynamics since we originally announced the transaction in early March, we revised our offer. Qiagen is making a significant contribution to the global pandemic response, and we believe our new all-cash offer of 43 per share, reflects the full and fair value of the business in the current environment, while generating strong returns for both sets of shareholders. We're very excited about this transaction. We look forward to bringing together our complementary offerings to help our customers fight the ongoing pandemic and combat other infectious diseases and emerging health needs. For our shareholders, we expect strong returns and believe that the accretion will be slightly more favorable than what we articulated in early March. While there is still much of work to be done over the next several months, we're on track with the regulatory process and expect to complete the transaction in the first half of 2021. Qiagen is an excellent fit for our Company, and we're excited about the new opportunities we'll have following the close. Now, I'll make a quick comment on guidance. As you know, we withdrew our 2020 annual guidance in early April due to the uncertainty around the pandemic and its potential impact on our customers. Now, here we are in late July, and it's obviously still a very uncertain time. Similar to Q1, while we're not ready to reinstate annual guidance, we want to provide you with as much color as possible on our expectations for the current quarter. Stephen will review the specifics in his remarks, including our organic growth expectations and key assumptions for Q3. Before I turn the call to Stephen, let me leave you with a few takeaways. We're playing a significant role in helping our customers to respond to the pandemic and making a huge impact on society. Our teams are managing the business very well through this unprecedented time to mitigate the headwinds and create new opportunities. We're continuing to execute our growth strategy to position Thermo Fisher for an even brighter future. With that, I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin by framing our Q2 organic growth performance. As Marc mentioned, we had an outstanding quarter and we grew organically 11%. I think, it is best to break the growth into two elements. The first is the scale of the COVID-19-related revenue tailwinds that we generated during the quarter; and the second is the performance of the rest of our business, including share gain and market growth, as well as the headwinds from COVID-19 caused by disruptions to customer activity. We estimate that the tailwinds from COVID-19 were approximately $1.3 billion or 21% of growth in the quarter, largely driven by testing-related kits and instruments. The tailwinds were significantly stronger than we originally expected, driven by the increased scale and duration of the pandemic, and the speed at which we were able to ramp up our response and extend our relevant offerings to our customers. The rest of the business, excluding the COVID-19 tailwinds performed just about the high end of our initial range of expectations for the quarter. The team executed really well to serve all of our customers throughout Q2. The result is that we delivered outstanding top-line growth in the quarter. We are able to manage the Company very effectively during a period of significant economic disruption and translate that top line growth into excellent bottom line growth. We appropriately managed the businesses with the strongest headwinds while maximizing the tailwind opportunities and continuing to invest for really bright future. All of this enabled us to deliver 26% growth in adjusted operating income and 28% growth in adjusted earnings per share, an excellent quarter overall. I'll now give you some more details of the second quarter results for the total Company, then provide some color on our four segments and conclude with some comments around guidance. Starting with our Q2 earnings results. As you saw in our press release, we grew adjusted EPS 28% to $3.89; GAAP EPS in the quarter was $2.90, up 5% from Q2 last year. On the top line, our Q2 reported revenue grew 10% year-over-year. The components of our Q2 reported revenue increase included 11% organic growth and the foreign exchange headwind of approximately 1%. Turning to our growth by geography during the quarter. North America grew 10%, Europe grew in the high teens, Asia Pacific was flat with China down approximately 15%, and the Rest of the World grew 50%. Looking at our operational performance. Q2 adjusted operating income increased 26% and adjusted operating margin was 27%, 350 basis points higher than Q2 last year. We saw very strong volume contributions, positive business mix and continued productivity investments -- improvements driven by our PPI business system, including appropriate cost controls, given the headwinds from COVID-19. During the quarter, we continued to make strategic investments in the businesses. This was the last quarter of impact from our divestiture of the Anatomical Pathology business, which we sold at the end of Q2 2019. The divestiture was approximately $0.02 diluted in the quarter and was a year-over-year headwind of approximately $50 million on revenue, $12 million on just the adjusted operating income and a negligible impact on adjusted operating margin. Moving on to the details of the P&L. Total Company adjusted gross margin in the quarter came in at 50.6%, up 390 basis points from Q2 of the prior year. Gross margin expansion was driven by the same factors as our adjusted operating margin expansion. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 19.9% of revenue, an increase of 50 basis points versus Q2 2019. Total R&D expense came in at 3.8% of revenue. And R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue in Q2 was 5.6%. Looking at our results below the line for the quarter. Our net interest expense was $129 million, $8 million higher than Q2 last year. Adjusted other income and expense was net income in the quarter of $16 million, similar to Q2 2019. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 11.5%, up 50 basis points versus Q2 last year. And average diluted shares were 398 million in Q2, 5 million lower year-over-year driven by the net impact of share repurchases and option dilution. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Cash flow from continuing operations was very strong in the first half of the year, totaling $2.2 billion and free cash flow was $1.7 billion after deducting net capital expenditures of approximately $500 million. We returned approximately $85 million to shareholders through dividends in the quarter. This reflects the 16% dividend increase we announced in February. We ended the quarter with approximately $5.8 billion in cash and $21.3 billion of total debt as we prepare for the financing of the Qiagen acquisition. During the quarter, we raised 1.2 billion through the issuance of euro-denominated senior notes. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.1 times gross debt to adjusted EBITDA and 2.2 times on a net debt basis. And wrapping up my comments on our total Company performance. Adjusted ROIC was 12.5%, up 110 basis points from Q2 last year, as we continue to generate very strong returns. So, now, Ill prove some color on the performance of our four business segments. I thought it'd be helpful to start with a couple of framing comments around the impact of segment results. The complexity here shows the breadth of our response to meet the needs of our customers at this critical time. From a revenue standpoint in Q2, approximately three quarters of the COVID-19 tailwinds are reflected in Life Sciences Solutions. That includes testing related kits, instruments and sample preparations. This is recognized in our genetic sciences and biosciences businesses.  The Specialty Diagnostics segments include the revenue and the clinical diagnostics business from the molecular controls that go into testing kits. We also recognized sales of viral transport media and the microbiology business, as well as sales of tests and PPEs by the healthcare market channel. The Laboratory Products and Services segment also includes revenue from sales of PPE recorded in the research and taking market channels. In addition, this segment includes testing workflow-related plastics made by our lab products business, and vaccine and therapy development and production support from our pharma services business. From a margin standpoint, the impact of COVID-19 was varied across the segments. The impact depended on the mix of revenue tailwinds and headwinds, as well as the different levels of pull through on that revenue mix. Across the Company, we used our PPI business system to manage cost appropriately given the uncertain environment, and that had a positive impact in each segment. At the same time, during the quarter, we continued to make strategic investments in our businesses, even in those where COVID-19 was a net headwind. This included investments in our colleagues in terms of incentive compensation and recognition, as well as commercial, R&D and production capability investments. We were able to do this given the strength of the Company's overall performance. Those investments do not necessarily match with the COVID-19-related revenue tailwinds and headwinds in each segment, so that does skew some of the reported margins in the segments. So, a lot of moving parts from a segment standpoint but all reflective of very active management of the Company, allowing us to navigate successfully through unprecedented times and positioning us really well for the future. So, moving on to the segment detail, starting with Life Sciences Solutions. In Q2, reported revenue in this segment increased 52% and organic revenue growth was 55%, driven by exceptionally strong growth in our genetic sciences business as well as continued strong growth in bioproduction and biosciences businesses. Q2 adjusted operating income in Life Sciences Solutions increased 103% and adjusted operating margin was 47.4%, up 12 percentage points year-over-year. In the quarter, we drove very strong volume pull-through and productivity as positive business mix and continued to make significant strategic investments across the segment. The Analytical Instruments segment reported a revenue decrease of 21% in Q2 and organic revenue decline of 20%. COVID-19 disruption to our customers continues to have a significant impact to the business in this segment. Q2 adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments decreased 53% and adjusted operating margin was 12.9%, down 870 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we saw a very strong productivity driven by our PPI activities, which was more than offset by volume headwinds, business mix and the strategic investments that I mentioned earlier. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics segments. As a reminder, this is the segment that previously included the anatomical pathology business, which we sold in June last year. In Q2, reported revenue increased by 5%, organic revenue growth was 12%. Some of the businesses in this segment were significantly impacted by COVID-19-related headwinds in the quarter. This was as a result of decrease in doctor visits and related testing. Most impacted were the immunodiagnostics and transplant diagnostics businesses. That said, this segment also saw a significant COVID-19-related tailwinds in the quarter. We saw very strong growth in our healthcare market channel and our clinical diagnostics and microbiology businesses. Adjusted operating income decreased 12%, which included a 5% headwind from the divestiture. Adjusted operating margin was 21.6%, down 410 basis points from the prior year. In the quarter, we saw a strong volume leverage in productivity. However, this was more than offset by business mix and strategic investments. Finally, in Laboratory Products and Services segments, Q2 reported revenue increased 6% and organic growth was 5%. In the quarter, growth within the segment was led by our pharma services. Adjusted operating income in the segment for Q2 decreased 19% and adjusted operating margin was 10.1%, which was lower than the prior year by 300 basis points. In the quarter, we saw a strong productivity and volume leverage. So, this was more than offset by unfavorable business mix and the strategic investments that I mentioned earlier. Turning to guidance. The COVID-19 pandemic and related customer impact continues to evolve. And as a result, we're still not in a position to provide full year detailed guidance. However, as we did last quarter, I will provide you with some color on how we're viewing organic growth for the coming quarter as well as certain full year 2020 assumptions to help you in your modeling. I'll start with organic growth. Our current estimate of the most likely outcome for Q3 organic growth is approximately 15%. There are potential outcomes, both above and below the 15% that could play out in Q3. I will outline of the factors to consider when thinking about our potential growth for the coming quarter. As was the case last quarter, there are two key variables that would drive our growth in Q3. The first is the scale of the COVID-19-related revenue tailwinds; the second is the headwind caused by COVID-19-related disruption to our customers activity. Regarding the revenue tailwinds, clearly there is a wide range of outcomes here. But, our current estimate of the most likely outcome for Q3 is approximately $1.1 billion of revenue, which would translate to just under 18% of growth. The volume of COVID-19 testing undertaken by our customers will be the most significant factor, determining the expense of our revenue tailwinds in Q3. Regarding the rest of our revenue growth, which is a combination of the COVID-19-related headwinds, underlying market growth, and our share gain activity, we estimate this will be in the range of approximately flat to negative 5% in Q3. This compares to negative 10% in Q2. The improvement quarter-over-quarter is driven by an assumed gradual ramp in customer activity. As they return more fully to the workplace. It's important to note that the range does not anticipate to return to the lockdowns seen at the height of the pandemic. So, when you put all this together, as I mentioned our current best estimate of Q3 organic growth is approximately 15%. Given the fluidity of the situation, there are potential outcomes, both above and below the 15% that could play out in Q3 with testing demand being the most significant swing factor. I will now move on to an update of some of the modeling elements for the full year. With regards to FX, in 2020, were now assuming that this is a year-over-year headwind on revenue of $200 million or just under 1%. There's $0.06 of dilution from the sale of the Anatomical Pathology business, which reflects revenue and operating income headwinds of $105 million and $30 million, respectively. Were continuing to assume that the acquisitions we completed in 2019 will contribute approximately $160 million to our reported revenue growth in 2020. As a reminder, on the calendar, it was one less day in Q1 and there will be two extra days in Q4 this year. We continue to expect net interest cost for the year to be approximately $460 million. This includes the Qiagen acquisition pre-funding completed to-date. In 2020, that equates to a cost of $90 million or $0.17 to adjusted earnings per share. We will continue to look at opportunities to prefund more of the transaction during the remainder of 2020. We continue to assume that adjusted other net income will be about $70 million for the year. And with regards to net capital expenditures, we now expect to be in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion. This includes approximately $300 million of capital expenditure to support our COVID-19 response. In terms of capital deployment, we completed $1.5 billion of share buybacks in Q1 and are assuming no further buybacks in the remainder of 2020. We estimate that full year average diluted share count will be between 398 million and 400 million shares. And we continue to assume that well return approximately $350 million for capital to shareholders this year through dividends. So to wrap up, as you can see from our outstanding performance in Q2, we continue to manage the Company extremely effectively in a very dynamic environment. With that I'll turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth Apicerno: Thanks, Stephen. Operator, we're ready to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. Congrats on the quarter. I appreciate you guys kind of quantifying the COVID tailwinds. I think, as we look a little bit further out in securities market, how you think about the durability on the COVID testing side? You noted the PCR test is now approved and other instruments. You talked about the respiratory panel. So, can you talk a little bit about is that a move forward more automated systems, rolling it into the syndromic panel? And do you need to build out more of a panel for example, into the physician office market? Thanks.
Marc Casper: Yes. Tycho, thanks for the question. As I look to the COVID -- impact of COVID going forward, the largest determinant this year and the impact is going to be related to the testing demand. And certainly, as you get into 2021, you're going to see a larger and larger impact of the activities we do in our pharma services business to support the therapy and vaccine development and ramp up, or we get some of that now. When I look at the going forward for COVID-19 testing, we obviously have a leading position in PCR platform. Around the world, our response has been a very significant ramp-up in capacity. And we anticipate that the demand certainly in Q3 will continue to be at a very strong level. And, most of us are obviously very dominated by U.S. headlines, but what you see is generally demand picking up further in the U.S. but you also see demand weakening in other geographies. Europe, we have lower demand as you saw in Q2. That may change. But the net of it is fairly similar revenues to what we saw in Q2 is what we're expecting for Q3.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then, two follow-ups on Patheon. You had the press release out the other day quantifying 200 programs you're involved with. Can you just help us think about the trial delay headwinds versus the tailwinds on vaccine development for the next couple of quarters? How we should think about the trajectory for Patheon? And then, separately on China down 15%, was that in line with your expectations? Obviously, you've been on the path to recovery. So, that was a little bit worse than these models? Thanks.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, in terms of the pharma services activity, we're very involved with a very large number of programs. And when I look at sort of the headwinds from the pandemic on clinical trials, outside of the COVID, there was some, but not meaningful. And when I look to China at a high level, we saw demand build throughout the quarter, in terms of where we were. And the way that I would think about is, China was very, very conservative on the opening up of academic institutions. So, that actually was a little bit more muted than what we would have expected back in April. But it's picking up in Q3. It looks to be more encouraging. Thank you, Tycho. 
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar from Evercore. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Maybe to follow up on the prior question. Marc, can you perhaps size what the vaccine opportunity could mean for the overall life science industry? I understand, at some point, diagnostics could drop off. We've heard a multibillion dollar figure for the industry. I'm just curious on -- just given the scale of the vaccine opportunity were thinking, should that perhaps be over time larger than the diagnostic opportunity?
Marc Casper: When I think about the vaccine opportunity, what's a little bit hard to quantify is what's the vaccine strategy going to be used around the world? So, I'm talking more what's the total amount of vaccine going to be produced? Are we thinking about the world getting high-risk population, are we thinking about the just the countries that can afford a vaccine, or we thinking about 7 billion people ultimately getting a vaccine? And that leads to a massively wide range of what the outcomes are. What I would expect, should there be a successful vaccine, is that, the role of a company like Thermo Fisher and certainly the CDMO industry more generally will play a significant role, based on the fact that the ramp-up under every scenario would be very dramatic. We've been very-active in those projects and many of the high-profile projects that you read about. We are either providing raw materials from our bioproduction or biosciences business to having roles in the production ultimately of what I'll call drug substance or vaccine substance in certain cases, and certainly a very meaningful role in the sterile fill-finish with a final packaging form that a vaccine would be administered. So, we expect if a vaccine is successful that it will be a meaningful tailwind over time with revenue that we've already gotten a little bit of and ramp slowly through the balance of this year and would be more meaningful in 2021-2022 should the vaccine be successful.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. And then, one on margin, in the guidance for the back half. I think, you guys mentioned, perhaps the organization was prepped up for a pretty drastic outcome. So, clearly, you had outsized volume benefits. So, when you think about the incremental margins for back half, should we think about some of that spend coming back perhaps in the incremental margins, maybe tempering down a little bit? And I'm curious why perhaps we don't have an EPS floor, even if we assume Q4 to be all of the diagnostics tailwinds. So, it still seems the EPS projections here should be pretty strong. Thank you.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So, Vijay, I'll take that one. So, when you think about Q2, 11% organic growth drove 28% growth in adjusted EPS. So, it's a very strong performance. So you think about Q3, and most likely outcome based on what were thinking right now is 15% organic growth and that would drive very strong adjusted EPS as well. I think about Q3 to Q2, kind of the change in the mix of the business in the 15% versus the 11%. It's likely to be slightly less favorable business mix within that revenue. Obviously, this is scenario where that mix could play out to better, but I think that's a good place, a good way to think about modeling for Q3.
Vijay Kumar: And then, on the EPS floor perhaps, even if we assume all of diagnostics just went away for Q4, I feel like EPS should be certainly in the double-digit range for the year, perhaps in the mid-teens. Is that a reasonable assumption now for the year?
Marc Casper: So, we chose not to give the full year guidance because when you think about the potential mix and range of growth in each segment, to give a raise that would be useful, the number would be enormously wide. So, what we are looking at is, as we get more predictability into what the world looks like, especially in Q4 where you don't know what the virus looks like, you could have a very bullish scenario. You could actually have a pessimistic scenario, if there was a dramatic -- this current wave gets much worse, you could be more pessimistic. So, we're keeping our thinking on what the right external approach is. We feel good about our outline for Q3. And I think you've got a sense from our Q2 performance, we're going to deliver an outstanding year financially and it'll be managing through whatever environment is thrown at us, we're going to create great opportunities to drive share gains, top-line growth and extraordinary earnings performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik de Bruin: Hi. Good morning, everyone. So, a couple of questions. I think the first one is, I appreciate the color on Q3. I think, where we're getting most of our incoming questions for investors is how do we think about the COVID testing tailwinds going on into 21? I mean, Qiagen has put out commentary, talking about double-digit growth in their business, but then decline in 2022 numbers, if you look at the documents filed this morning. I guess, could you just sort of talk about how we do this? Because we obviously -- if you think about modeling for 21, I know it's given testing coming down, vaccine production going up like that. But, I think that that's sort of where the bulk of my incoming questions are from people.
Marc Casper: So, Derik, thanks for the question. Let me tell you how we're planning. That's probably -- it's impossible to predict in a certain way. It feels like a month as far as these days. But, what we're expecting from everything we know is that we're going to be living with the pandemic for a number of quarters. It'll take time for a vaccine to be in the market if it's successful. Well, therapies are making progress again that these will take time and that the virus continues to spread in many countries around the world. So, that this is not a, it's done quickly scenario. And therefore, we're expecting that 2021, well be navigating through both, headwinds of disruptions of some sort related to the pandemic, but also the continued societal response needed to that. And we think we're incredibly well-positioned, based on our quality, scalability of manufacturing and very large installed base and very exquisite customer relationships. We feel good about that will play a meaningful role in 2021 for the testing volumes that are needed by customers. And what that number is going to be, is a very, very enormous range of outcomes. But our manufacturing teams have been remarkable and the power of our PPI business system has been astonishing. And if you think back, when I was at the White House at the end of April, I said that we're working our way to be able to produce 10 million kits a week. And that was late April. And by the end of the quarter, our manufacturing capacity is about that. And that doesn't mean we're selling them any because demand will ebb and flow, but our ability to scale and meet whatever response is out there, we feel highly confident in that.
Derik de Bruin: Great. And could you talk a little bit more about the academic outlook? I mean, you've got a fairly big chunk of your business tied to academic and university and colleges. And clearly there's a lot of uncertainty to deal with this resurgence about how these are going to open. Can you walk us through academic and government as we look at U.S, Europe, APAC and just to get a sense on what your customers are planning and how labs are, -- how many of your labs you still closed? Just I think some general color. I think that's the other number one -- that's the other big incoming question we have from investors.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, in terms of academic and government end market, you obviously saw disruptions around the world at the beginning of the pandemic with activity very quickly ramping down. As you look at Western Europe, which actually started to strengthen steadily throughout the quarter. The U.S. which faced the pandemic slightly later than Europe is a little behind, but on the same type of trajectory with activity picking up. The interesting country has really been China, was -- actually kept most of its universities closed for most of the quarter. That activity is picking up as well, but actually a little bit more slowly than one would anticipate -- one would have anticipated. So the impact of that is obviously, they werent customers able to receive instruments as easily as normal. And so, we would expect that as academic and government customers reopen in that setting, you'll see instruments demand start to pick up as well.
Derik de Bruin: Great. I'll get back into Thank you.
Marc Casper: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan from Nephron. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. 
Marc Casper: Good morning.
Jack Meehan: Marc, I was curious to get your take on how much the tailwind and share gains that you're seeing in the business right now. Do you think we're going to end up proving to be more permanent over time versus kind of the outsized benefit you're seeing right now? And I know it's difficult to provide a three-year view when we don't have a one year view. But just given all the moving parts, how do you think your position versus the 5% to 7% target you laid out a year ago?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Jack, when the teams view, right, when we were sitting in February and looking at the situation in China, the team's view was having a very clear set of guiding principles, right, which was the obvious. Keep your colleagues safe, support your customers activity, and the third is manage the Company appropriately in this environment. And we came with a very clear view of what that meant, which is, of course, manage costs tightly because there's going to be disruption to demand, but be very aggressive to position the Company for a brighter future to solidify and strengthen and hopefully even increase the growth outlook of the Company for the longer term. Normal for us is 5% to 7% growth, and we've been taking actions to create an even brighter future. So, we need to get higher in that range when you're in a normal environment or above that range. And we have no idea now. But I know we're taking the actions to strengthen the long-term outlook of the Company. And because we've been able to respond so aggressively to help our customers navigate the pandemic, we're obviously in the midst of an incredibly strong year as well. So, we're -- at this point, obviously we had about 7% organic growth when you look at the first half, so at the high end of our normal range. And obviously with the Q3, this could be a very significant year as well in terms of performance.
Jack Meehan: Okay. And then, I wanted to also follow up on Qiagen. Clearly unprecedented times, so I can appreciate the justification for the price increase. There have been some questions around whether 43 is enough. So, I was just hoping you could comment on your appetite or lack thereof to raise the price further? And just walk us through what happens next in the tender process.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Jack, thanks for the question. As everybody here knows, we're extraordinarily disciplined in terms of our capital deployment strategy and ensuring that where we deploy our capital, we're going to strengthen the Company strategically and generate strong returns for our shareholders. The dynamics are obviously, as you said, very different, from the beginning of March to now. And Qiagen has done a good job in terms of stepping up and making a real impact on society from a pandemic response. And we thought our way through that and had very good negotiations with Qiagen and came to an agreement at the 43. And we believe that's the full and fair value. In terms of our view is, we were very clear in the process, and we disclosed that this morning, I think early hours because of the German regulations. That is our best and final offer. And the process is very straightforward. The tender I believe ends around August 10th. And if we clear the 66.67% threshold, then the tender is complete, so mechanism and the deal proceeds. And if we don't get to 66.67%, the deal is over, because there's a cooling off period in Germany. So, there is no revised offer. That is what it is. And, we think it's very appropriate for both sets of shareholders. And we look forward to completing the tender process and then moving forward through the regulatory process and welcoming over 5,000 new colleagues next year into the Company.
Jack Meehan: Makes sense. Thanks Marc.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel from Cowen. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. And again, thanks to the Thermo team for all your efforts over the past several months. Just in terms of my first question, what end market expectations are embedded into your Q3 financial targets, excluding COVID-19 tailwinds?
Marc Casper: It's not a way that we manage the business quite, Doug. Let me try to get you an answer more about activity levels in the non-COVID, and make some qualitative views around it. So, for Q2 Doug, the non-COVID related businesses declined 10%, right, which was just above what the better end of our expectations that we gave in the guidance process, right? So, that's where it ended. June was down about 5%. So, you saw, April, May were worse. June was about negative five. The range of outcomes that Stephen articulated in the outlook for Q3 was a range of negative 5 to flat. The negative 5 would assume that what we saw in June continues throughout the quarter. The flat basically is a steady improvement throughout the quarter. And when you think about that in normal quarter for us is 5% to 7% growth on that business, right? So, even at flat, you're still 5 to 7 points below what we would have experienced for the last five, seven years, right? So, it's a steady increase in activity is what is assumed. And when you look at that on the non-COVID-related businesses, pharma biotech has continued to be the least impacted and would likely be the least impacted, and academic and government, industrial and applied, and the healthcare, diagnostics, they all should start to see some level of step up throughout the quarter is the way I would think about it.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. That's super helpful. And building off of one thing you touched on there, Marc. I don't think, in your prepared remarks you commented on instrument versus consumable revenue growth in the quarter or the exit rates. Would you be willing to share any details on those data?
Stephen Williamson: Yes. That was very skewed by the tailwinds. When you think about tailwinds at large, they're going to be consumables right now. Excluding that, I clearly instrument purchases were at a lower level of growth than consumables and services. Customer activity has been relatively low. And we expect that to pick up in the second half of the year.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. And one last one, really building off of some earlier questions, but trying to get a little more granular. Glaxo has talked about selling vaccines at about $10 per unit, which in their words is around cost. Pfizer this morning just agreed to sell to the U.S. at $19.50 [ph] per unit for their vaccine, which is, I think just a smidge above cost of [Technical Difficulty]. Is there a rule of thumb we can use on what percentage of unit pricing would typically be up for grab for Thermo, whether it's on a per unit vaccine basis or using services? I mean, just using that 10 to 19.50 range, how much of that would normally end up going to Thermo as a component of cost?
Marc Casper: It's really extraordinarily different to do. Let me just visualize it for you, which is why I really can't give you an answer. If you think about the vaccine, I can give you two different views of how it gets administered in those cases. One is single unit, meaning one vial, one vaccine; another is a vial where you put a syringe and take out the vaccine and you have 10 or 20 units of the vaccine doses in the single thing. You're going to get wildly different CDMO revenue or our revenue based on just even the filling strategy of those companies. So, very hard to do a rule of thumb until you know exactly the dosage form and so forth. And, is it -- what's the technology used in the vaccine.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Puneet Souda from SVB Leerink. Your line is open.
Puneet Souda: Yes. Hi. Thanks Marc. And congrats on the quarter and impressive quarter here for sure. And thanks for your commitment to both, research and improving the lives here with COVID testing and commitment to vaccines. So, first one, if I could ask on capital deployment, given the COVID benefits you're seeing on testing and the growth you expect to see from vaccines, what is your thinking, long-term thinking on capital deployment, given that the vaccines scenario is actually multiyear, as you pointed out? Are you thinking about capital deployment any differently than before?
Marc Casper: So, Puneet, thanks for the question. So, from a capital deployment strategy, I don't think it really changes too much. What I would say is, over the longer period of time, it's going to be a blend return of capital and the majority being redeployed into M&A in the business. If you think about the past quarter or March forward, obviously a large acquisition in Qiagen, also a nice bolt-on acquisition, which we announced and will close next year in CSLs biologics facility. And I think, you'll see us do a cadence of smaller and larger deals over time with a steady return of capital. So, our business is performing at a high level. Our expectations for the future is that it's going to perform at a high level. And that's going to give us very substantial cash flow to be able to redeploy.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. And weve also increased that CapEx significantly to address capacity and capability enhancements for the COVID-19 response as well.
Puneet Souda: Okay. That's very helpful. And my second question is on, you have a unique vantage point, Marc and a global perspective, given Thermo's position and the scale and the speed that you pointed out to. As you look at research funding across the globe, there's an expectation here that the research funding is likely to grow. Magnitude is unknown at this point. But, could you give us a sense of that, given what you're seeing, given the magnitude of this crisis? What does this mean for the next five years across the life science tools industry? And more importantly for Thermo, when it relates to academic funding and research funding across the globe?
Marc Casper: So, Puneet, thanks for the question. So, as we talk to governments and we talk to our customers and we use our experience, life science tools and diagnostics and our pharma service capabilities, it's a fantastic industry with great market growth characteristics you see in the industry perform well in this environment. My expectation is when the dust settles, the commitment to life science research, healthcare infrastructure systems is going to be even better over time than what the strong period that we enjoyed. And we're seeing some of the early excitement of the importance of the work. And so, I'm very bullish about what the long-term benefit will be. Obviously, there's going to be ebbs and flows because of the economy and affordability and those things. But, if I think the long term perspective, I'm very optimistic for what our industry holds and for the strong competitive position that weve built to serve in that industry.
Puneet Souda: Great, thank you.
Kenneth Apicerno: Operator, we have time for just one more.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for letting me run the anchor leg here. I have a two-parter for Marc as it relates to a couple of subcategories within testing. And then, I have one on the financials for Stephen. Marc, there are a couple of potential drivers of testing prospectively for you and for the space broadly. One is screening. We've heard, just for example, a number of universities talk about reasonably high frequency testing of asymptomatic people on campuses. I wonder if you could speak to what extent asymptomatic screening is or is not in your plan, and whether you think there could be a material tailwind? And then, the second part of my testing question actually relates to serology. Serology did kind of quite as well as we hoped initially. It just doesn't seem to be finding as many instances as we had hoped for in the antibody signal of immunity. Can you speak to how you think that market evolves? Are there ways we could get the yields higher?
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Steve, thanks for the question. In terms of screening or asymptomatic patients, what we would say is that's a life type activity, back to work, back to school. We see the interest level dramatically increasing with many different use cases. And we expect to play a role in a number of that. And some of that is embedded in the demand that is in Q3. And my take is that the methodology on asymptomatic screening, not the platform, but things like pooling and so forth could facilitate some of that ramp up over time as a different strategy. So, I think that will create a tailwind over time to support the activity while testing its relevant. On serology, we're developing our assay. We're taking it through the regulatory process. As the medical community better understands the immune response or what it means, serological testing becomes more relevant. And so right now, there's capacity out there. We're bringing out a high quality tests. And as customers need it, we'll be able to supply. You do have one question for Stephen quickly. We should wrap.
Steve Beuchaw: One question just real quick for Stephen. Can you put any commentary around cost savings that you've identified from things like, lower T&E or other expenses from being virtual that you think are sustainable? Thanks so much.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So clearly, we control costs very effectively and we're all learning to live in a different environment. And T&E expenses are going to be dramatically lower, I think for the long-term, since thats how we are thinking about managing the Company and taking advantage of the technologies that we've invested in over time. So, its my guess is probably a couple of hundred million dollars over time that you get to that level of saving of ongoing costs. So, we're appropriately managing the Company both, short-term and I think the long-term opportunities.
Marc Casper: So, we'll wrap here with -- first, thank you for joining us today. We're very pleased to have delivered an exceptional quarter during a very challenging time. We're proud of our role in helping our customers and society. And we're going to continue to manage the Company appropriately to come out of this period an even stronger industry leader. We look forward to updating you on our progress, and I hope that you stay safe. And as always, thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks everyone.
End of Q&A:
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-11 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PPD's First Quarter two020 Earnings Conference Call. Please note, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Nate Speicher, Senior Vice President of Finance for PPD. Mr. Speicher, you may begin.
Nate Speicher: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the earnings call. Today, we'll review our financial and operating results for the first quarter of 2020. Joining me on the call today are David Simmons, PPD's Chairman and CEO; Bill Sharbaugh, our COO; and Chris Scully, our CFO. Please note that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the current business environment and as such, includes certain risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. More information about potential risk factors can be found in our 2019 Form 10-K and in our upcoming Form 10-Q filing. Also, in addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, we will be discussing financial measures that do not conform to GAAP. We believe these non-GAAP measures enhance the understanding of our performance because they are more representative of how we internally measure our business. Please note these non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for GAAP measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results is available in the press release we issued last night and supplemental investor presentation posted to our Investor Relations website. Lastly, regarding the basis of presentation for today's discussion, please note that all P&L metrics discussed, including revenue, segment revenue and adjusted EBITDA on an ASC 606 basis. For commercial metrics discussed, including net authorizations, net book-to-bill, backlog and backlog conversion, those remain on a historical as-awarded ASC 605 direct-only basis unless otherwise noted. With that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David Simmons: Thank you, Nate. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our Q1 2020 earnings call. I'd like to start by saying I hope you, your families and your colleagues are safe amidst the threat posed by the COVID-19 pandemic. Given our collective focus on COVID 19, in addition to reviewing our Q1 results, we plan to spend a sizable amount of our time this morning discussing the impact to our business stemming from the virus as well as our ability to minimize the negative impacts and to continue playing a critical role, aiding solution development in the form of treatments and vaccines. In light of the uncertainty surrounding the pandemic, we've withdrawn our previously issued guidance for the full year 2020 and today, are issuing new guidance for the second quarter, which Chris will cover in his remarks. Regarding the first quarter results, during the quarter, we saw strong growth across both key commercial and P&L metrics. A few highlights include: net authorizations of $1.06 billion resulting in a Q1 net book-to-bill of 1.3x and notably, we did not see any unusual cancellation activity related to COVID-19; a record ending backlog of $7.3 billion, an increase of 11.9% year-on-year; double-digit P&L growth with revenue of $1.07 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $196.9 million, representing 11.3% and 17.3% growth versus the prior year, respectively, with strong underlying contributions from both our clinical and laboratory segments, which had top line growth of 8% and 31%, respectively; ending cash of $738 million, our highest quarter ending cash balance in over 10 years; continued progress on our balance sheet objectives, with net leverage declining from 6.9x as of Q4 to 4.7x, immediately following the IPO and down to 4.5x as of the end of Q1. While we're pleased with our first quarter results, we continue to be focused on the here and now and managing through this pandemic. Fundamentally, clinical trials exist to address unmet patient needs, and these needs have not gone away as a result of the pandemic. In fact, PPD's purpose and mission have never been more clear and inspiring to our organization than they are at this time. The pandemic has presented headwinds to our business, yet we feel confident that the mitigating actions we've taken and the tailwinds we are experiencing from COVID-19-related work will allow us to emerge from the pandemic in a strong position. During our Q4 earnings call, I shared PPD's three priorities related to COVID-19 and I'd like to provide an update across these priorities. First, our main priority is employee and patient safety. We quickly organized a Pandemic Committee, co-chaired by our Chief Medical Officer and Chief HR Officer to protect colleague and patient safety. Through this team's leadership, we quickly moved to remote work for all remote-capable employees, closed domiciling at our Phase I clinics and instituted measures across our offices, sites and labs to maximize employee safety. Our second priority has been business continuity with the dual goals of delivering for our customers and maintaining financial strength. Across both of these goals, we entered the pandemic from a position of strength. Our long-standing reputation of delivery excellence coupled with our investments in owned-site networks, digital and virtual trial solutions and remote site monitoring tools have enabled us to provide trial continuity solutions for our customers. Our teams are working hand-in-hand with our customers to ensure continuity of their studies. And our customers are looking for our guidance and partnership related to digital and virtual solutions across their pipelines. Bill will provide further details on this front, but the power of our enterprise to fulfill customers' needs has never been more clear. Although more than half of active investigator sites have been impacted, we have adapted and shifted our resources to continue to make progress on our customer studies, such as focusing our team on the trial work not related to site visits and shifting available resources to support new COVID-19 clinical trials. The adaptability of our organization across all levels, our low turnover and the cross-training of our team members continues to embed confidence in our customers that PPD is their partner of choice through this pandemic. Regarding financial strength, it has been important to PPD to maintain our balance sheet while minimizing the impact to our talented colleagues. We have taken a balanced approach to cost mitigation and implemented a program we call Choice, where employees are permitted to take a short-term sabbatical or temporary hours reduction. With more than 600 employees taking us up on this entirely voluntary program, it is clear that this was a needed offering for employees to balance work and family needs while delivering cost savings to the company. Most importantly, this program positions us well to quickly mobilize resources as sites resume clinical trial activity. This last point is critical because we believe when we do get back to something close to normalcy, we will have to execute on our full plan of work plus catch-up work that has been building up. In addition to the Choice program, we have implemented a suite of more typical cost control actions, including fast and severe restrictions on travel, a salary freeze for executive management and paused hiring in areas where demand is delayed while still adding targeted resources for areas of work expansion such as COVID-19-related work. Speaking of COVID-19 work, we are proud to be an active part of the solution to this pandemic. The strength of our infectious diseases and vaccines franchises with experience on 300 trials over the last five years, coupled with our regulatory expertise in this space, has allowed us to build a leadership position in COVID-19-related vaccines and treatments, with 39 awards to date, spanning our clinical and lab segments. We continue to be actively involved in bidding on several dozen additional clinical trials targeting COVID-19. In anticipation of the growing demand for our services, we are proactively building capacity across functions to partner with our customers as they tackle treatment and vaccine development for COVID-19. As you'll recall from the Q4 earnings call, I mentioned that we quickly mobilized a team who has proactively engaged all companies that have announced COVID-19 work in the public domain. I did not expect at that time the depth and breadth of studies that would launch. It has been incredible to see the power of the industry and how fast our customers have turned on a dime to address this global health crisis. And our team has reacted just as quickly. Current treatment studies that we're partnered on are projected to enroll upwards of 13,000 patients. Looking forward, we remain fundamentally bullish about the outlook for PPD in our industry. This pandemic represents a dramatic real-world example of the value the innovative life sciences industry provides to society. I expect this crisis to have a positive impact to R&D investment levels in the coming years as well as aiding accelerated adoption of innovative approaches to trial conduct. We are also experiencing even greater collaboration between pharma sponsors, CROs and regulators, which bodes well for the future of innovative new medicines. Lastly, as demonstrated by the COVID-19 examples I discussed, we believe our differentiated services, unique customer engagement model and continued commitment to operational excellence, will be increasingly important to customers and positions us well for continued strong growth post this pandemic. I'd like to close by saying how proud I am of our 24,000-plus colleagues around the world. Their willingness to go above and beyond for our customers and patients, while exercising caution to blunt the spread of the virus has been truly remarkable, and I'm thankful for their dedication and hard work. We'll continue to provide updates on this topic in the coming quarters as the situation evolves. I'll now turn it over to Bill Sharbaugh, our Chief Operating Officer, to review our operating results.
Bill Sharbaugh: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. During the first quarter, we saw continued operating momentum across the business with strong financial performance from both our segments. I would call out the exceptionally strong results within our Laboratory Services segment. Our labs produced organic revenue growth in excess of 30% versus prior year, resulting from strong authorizations, rapid customer uptake of new facility expansions in our GMP lab and increased FTE contracts in the vaccine lab. Given the focus on COVID-19, my comments will largely center on our business continuity efforts and how we are responding to the crisis. Our long-standing history of operational excellence, along with our unique mix of clinical and lab services, put us in a strong position heading into the pandemic. Before I go through the segments, I would note that while we are sharing certain operating metrics, as our peers have done, these are inherently difficult to compare across the space. I'll start with commentary on our Clinical Development Services business. Our clinical business is impacted in three ways. First, as David noted earlier, the majority of studies are continuing, and we haven't seen an increase in cancellations. But we have seen several sponsors implement enrollment pauses for studies that have not started or studies with at-risk patient populations, such as immunocompromised individuals and the elderly. For those studies that have yet to start-up, some sponsors are requesting us to complete preenrollment tasks, such as country in-site selection, remote site initiation visits, study, design and planning and database building so that the new trial can start quickly once given the green light. Overall, we estimate that approximately 10% of our clinical services backlog is impacted by these pauses while 90% continues. Second, physical access to sites has been disrupted despite regulatory agencies around the world issuing guidance supporting the continuance of clinical trials while protecting patient safety. In our case, we've seen approximately 54% of site institutions impacted whether it be a suspension of CRA site visits or other site-related activities. About 70% of our clinical trial revenue is not related to site monitoring. Of the 30% tied to monitoring, we've been able to migrate more than half our work to a remote-based approach. We've also deployed several strategies to ensure patient participation can continue. Our logistics network allows us to ship supplies and medications directly to the patient where appropriate. In addition, we are using digital techniques to screen, monitor and enroll patients for some clinical trials. PPD is also looking beyond digital and virtual solutions and traditional sites to find other ways to help customers continue their clinical trials. As an example, within a matter of weeks, PPD designed and operationalized a program that allows the transfer of clinical trial patients from sites that have closed due to the pandemic to our network of 180 research sites, which have remained open and can rescue delayed clinical trials. In addition, several customers moved volume to our medical communications call center as smaller competitors were unable to maintain business continuity. Third, we have won a significant amount of fast burning COVID-19 work, which is helping to partially offset the impacts I've mentioned. Our teams are working tirelessly to launch and execute these studies. In several cases, working through the night to activate sites to allow dosing of critically ill patients the following day. New COVID-19 studies, coupled with the backlog of tasks from ongoing clinical trials, position us for a busy period as we enter recovery. While we have seen work resume with a quickening pace in countries like China, including site monitoring visits and new activations, we expect the recovery to be more gradual throughout the rest of the world. We are poised to accelerate trial delivery as soon as sites reopen. I believe the strength of our people managers and our industry-low turnover will enable us to continue high-quality execution throughout the pandemic and into recovery. Chris will discuss the financial impacts in his comments. Now turning to the Laboratory Services segment. Let me provide some context on how this business has been impacted. To minimize the pandemic impacts, the lab's leadership team mobilized quickly to establish clear safety protocols, implement split shifts, segregate departmental teams and move remote-capable employees home. These strategies, in addition to close coordination with state and local authorities, ensured our scientific staff have access to facilities to progress work in a safe and efficient manner. As a reminder, PPD Labs is comprised of a broad range of capabilities focused on drug development and organized into bioanalytical, GMP, vaccine and central labs. In order of magnitude, our GMP, BioA and vaccine lab together represents about 2/3 of our Laboratory business. Our GMP, BioA and vaccine labs are not reliant on sample volumes. Rather, the key drivers for these labs are staff availability and facility capacity. With respect to the central lab, we have seen disruption to sample volumes, but as sites reopen, we are seeing volumes recover. Lastly, PPD is one of the leading experts in infectious disease and vaccines, and this is underpinned by our 30-plus years of experience, which includes 15 FDA-approved vaccines and experience in over 300 infectious disease and vaccine trials. As a result, our labs are actively involved in a significant amount of COVID-19 work, which we expect to increase going forward. While the pandemic has no doubt presented challenges, our operations remain strong, our leaders and employees are adapting and we have and will find ways to ensure colleague and patient safety. I'll now turn it over to Chris Scully, our Chief Financial Officer, to review our financial results.
Chris Scully: Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everyone. In my prepared comments on today's call, I'll be covering our quarter one results; updating you on our cash, liquidity position and capital structure, given increased investor focus on balance sheets amidst the COVID-19 pandemic; and lastly, providing you with an update on our forward guidance before opening up for Q&A. Before diving in, as Nate mentioned, throughout my comments when referring to our P&L, I'll be doing so on an ASC 606 basis. To that end, as you likely saw in our earnings release and investor supplement, we've now migrated our segment disclosures to be in an ASC 606 basis, based on how we now manage the business and to reduce the administrative burden of having to maintain and reconcile two sets of books. When referring to other metrics such as net authorizations, backlog, net book-to-bill ratios and DSOS, these will currently remain on a historical ASC 605 basis to maintain comparability for investors. However, we have additionally included in our investor press release and our investor supplement these metrics on an ASC 606 basis, both with and without indirects. In addition, given the exceptional circumstances surrounding COVID-19, we have expanded the operational and financial metrics that we are providing on this call, along with sharing quarterly guidance for quarter two. That said, I'd like to note that we are unlikely to provide similar levels of disclosure on an ongoing basis post the pandemic. Turning to quarter one. As David noted, the first quarter was strong for us in terms of awards, in which we booked $1.06 billion in net authorizations, resulting in a net book-to-bill ratio of 1.30x and a record ending-backlog of $7.31 billion, which is up 11.9% from quarter one, 2019. Putting this in context, the 1.30x net book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was our highest book-to-bill ratio in eight quarters, significantly above the 1.20x that has historically translated into double-digit revenue growth based on our backlog conversion rates. As David and Bill both noted, during the quarter, we saw no unusual cancellation activity related to COVID-19. With respect to the P&L, quarter one revenue of $1.072 billion increased 11.3% over the first quarter of 2019 with strong contributions from both our Clinical Development Services segment, which grew 7.6%; and our Laboratory Services segment, which grew 30.6% year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA of $196.9 million increased 17.3% over the first quarter of 2019. Moving on to cash and liquidity. Let me begin by saying that through quarter one, we did not experience a negative impact to cash flow as a result of COVID-19. In fact, our DSO declined in quarter one, 2020 to 39 days as compared to 41 days in quarter one of 2019, and we saw further improvement in our AR aging profile versus prior year. I'd add, in our preliminary April results, we have seen no deterioration in any of these metrics. Rather, we've seen an increase in our cash collections and our cash balance versus March. While this is good news, it is not surprising to us, given the strength of our large biopharma and biotech customer balance sheets and what has remained a healthy funding environment. Further, as we've shared previously, approximately 80% of our biotech backlog is in Phase IIb or later studies, which tend to be lower risk and better funded than earlier stage assets. Despite these positive dynamics, out of an abundance of caution given the volatility in global markets, we drew down $150 million from our $300 million revolving credit facility and parked it as cash on our balance sheet. Inclusive of the revolver draw, we ended quarter one with cash and cash equivalents of $738 million, which is our largest quarter ending cash balance in over 10 years and equates to approximately four years of annual cash interest expense. I'd also point out that historically, our cash conversion is meaningfully lower during the first quarter of the year due to the payout of the annual incentive compensation awards. As a result, setting aside potential COVID-19 impacts, we would otherwise expect to see stronger cash flows in the quarter two through quarter four period as compared to the first quarter. With the above, we feel we are in strong shape in terms of our cash and liquidity position. Turning to the capital structure. On our last call, we had previously guided to reducing our net leverage ratio to the low 4s by the end of this year and into the 3s next year. We've made great progress towards this target with net leverage dropping from 6.9x pre-IPO at the start of the year to 4.7x immediately following the IPO and down to 4.5x as of quarter one. In addition, our capital structure has ample flexibility with our nearest maturity or material debt maturity not until August 2022, and we have only one covenant of note, which relates to our revolver, which states that net secured leverage can't be higher than 5.0x. As of quarter one, our actual net secured leverage ratio was 3.1x, which is almost 40% below this threshold. Put another way, if you hold our cash balance static, our trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA would have to decline by approximately $300 million for us to trigger the covenant. Turning to forward-looking guidance. Given the uncertainties associated with COVID-19, we are withdrawing our full year guidance. However, to assist investors in understanding the near-term outlook, we are providing financial guidance for the next quarter on an exceptional basis on today's call. As you heard in David and Bill's remarks, the COVID-19 pandemic will have negative impacts from sponsor holds and disruption from the pandemic on patient enrollment, site start-up and monitoring in our Clinical segment and reduced samples volumes in our central labs. These impacts will be partially offset by revenues from faster burning COVID-19 awards and actions to manage our cost base, including the employee Choice program and executive pay freezes discussed earlier, slowdowns of nonessential hirings in areas where demand is reduced, lower employee travel expense and managing corporate costs and other actions. With that in mind, our second quarter two020 guidance is: revenues of $907 million to $946 million, which equates to a minus 9% to minus 5% decline versus quarter two of 2019; adjusted EBITDA of $170 million to $177 million, which equates to a minus 12% to a minus 8% decline versus quarter two of 2019 on an as-reported basis. So to wrap things up, quarter one was an exceptional quarter from both a commercial and financial perspective despite expanded COVID-19-related impacts in the second half of March. While we expect the impacts from the pandemic to increase in quarter two, our robust liquidity and extensive state of mitigation efforts have helped us to navigate the crisis to date and positions us well for strong growth post COVID-19. With that, I'll now hand over to the call back to the operator to open the line for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Hi, good morning. I appreciate you're not giving full year guidance. But as we think about sites getting back up and reopened, I'm wondering if you could just give us some general parameters as to how you're thinking about number of sites that may be accessible in the back half of the year and by year-end? And how will Acurian help get  sites get back up and running faster?
David Simmons: Yes. Thanks, Tycho, for the question. I'll start this, and then you may want Chris and Bill to comment on the two follow-up points of what we're looking at relative to financial impacts and then how we see Acurian and our site network through the year. So first, I'd say, it's a very difficult question because we don't know how the recovery is going to come, and we don't feel it would be prudent to try to project whether this is V shaped, U shaped or some other shape. We do think, and in our Q2 guidance, we have the impact that's at its most extreme form that we've faced thus far continuing through the second quarter. So that might be one point that helps. As we see sites coming back on, we probably have the most positive example based on what's happening in China. We don't forecast that Western Europe and U.S. will follow the speed of recovery that happened in China. Maybe that's conservative. In retrospect, we might look back and say it was conservative, but that's what we've currently planned. Let me see if Chris and then Bill want to add anything to that.
Chris Scully: The only thing I would add is, I think, David, your comments apply to what we've forecasted for our quarter two kind of business. That doesn't mean operationally that we're not prepared to kind of accelerate kind of things if the pandemic's impacts are slower than that.
Bill Sharbaugh: Yes. Tycho, this is Bill. As David mentioned, China is a comparator, but we're not sure it's the best comparator because activity has accelerated faster than we thought it would and forecasted it would. We've seen project initiations increase, IRB approvals increase, contract negotiations increase, site initiation visits increase, enrollments increasing, site audits are increasing. And based on our data and survey data we've seen suggests that they're back and sort of have recovered about 60%. Don't  as David said, don't expect the same necessary trajectory in Europe and in the U.S., but we are prepared. So from a resourcing perspective, we're in really good shape. So our site network, look, we think this is a good asset to have in our mix of services, and it can be used as a rescue mechanism for delayed studies, and we're in those kinds of conversations with customers. It's true it does have a fixed cost base associated with it that needs to be covered, but that's clearly offset by its strategic value and its use by customers and its uniqueness. So it's early days, but we think this is a good asset and part of the solution to help delayed clinical trials.
Tycho Peterson: That's helpful. And then for the follow-up on the 2Q guidance, are you able to give us any color on clinical versus lab? How you're thinking about one versus the other?
Chris Scully: Thanks for the question, Tycho. I think the answer to that is that we don't plan on giving specific guidance beyond what we have for the total company at the segment level. That said, per Bill's comments earlier on as well as some of the ones I made in the prepared comments for the call, we did kind of indicate that our clinical business is more greatly impacted than our labs business. So in our labs business, specifically, we have lower sample volumes in the central labs. However, that's less than 1/3 of the total business. BioA and GMP are impacted by less of a degree. It's likely that they're not going to continue to grow at the same rate that they had in quarter one, given it was a phenomenal growth rate. That said, we continue to expect for them to grow faster than the market.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, thanks. I appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is from Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes, hi. Good morning. In the prepared remarks, you talked about the collaboration that you're seeing between you and clients and the FDA. So maybe if you can just kind of like give some more examples and color there. And also, as you think longer-term post COVID, what do you think of the  the FDA has been a lot more flexible. What do you think is going to stick post COVID? And if you think about the approach that clients have, clients that are bringing new RFPs on, are they starting to think kind of like longer-term beyond COVID of making changes and adding things as a result of what we're seeing now?
David Simmons: The last part of the question, when you say adding things, could you be a little more specific?
Ricky Goldwasser: Meaning, when we kind of talked in the past about RFPs, I think there was this sense that some of the remote monitoring capabilities, right, we're not as entrenched in those RFPs. So are you starting to see clients having conversations that think about how are we thinking about trial design post COVID or are all the conversation focused on the here and now?
David Simmons: Okay. And that's also linked to the second part of the question around FDA flexibility. You're hitting on the same thing?
Ricky Goldwasser: That's right.
David Simmons: Okay. Let me take those two at the back, and then we'll see if we have some examples of collaboration that are going to hit the mark on this. So as we had in the prepared remarks, we do think that there'll be an accelerated adoption of virtual digital technologies into trials to be more patient-centric, to remove the burden on the patient, to be able to take more of the trial to the patient as opposed to the patient having to come to a physical infrastructure. The ability to do that is different across different therapeutic areas and different studies. So I wouldn't look at this as one big general statement. It's going to be very nuanced, but some studies do lend themselves towards more virtualization, if you can accept that term. So the way we look at it in terms of trying to sense the acceleration of adoption, you've hit on two of them. One is the regulators' posture towards adoption of these technologies and deviations to more status quo approaches to trial conduct. Second is readiness of the digital and virtual technologies to be applied to studies. Let me just tick that one off now. That looks really solid. The technologies work. They're able to go. So you give that one a box tick. And then the third that you hit on is clients' willingness to challenge the status quo and adopt these new technologies into the studies. So if I pick that off, let's go with customers first because the number of customer engagements that's been going on with us has not changed pre COVID and post COVID, meaning the volume of interactions we have are just as significant and robust as pre the crisis. They're just happening all over virtual technologies like Zoom, Microsoft Teams, WebEx, things like that. In those conversations, there is a dramatic increase in the volume of conversations around adapting these technologies into studies. Twofold. First is adopting the technologies and approaches into studies that are already actively in process in our backlog. We've got active conversations of changes to be considered being put in on 10% of the active studies that were running in our backlog. So that's a dramatic increase in volume of real discussions to modify the protocols to adopt these technologies. And the conversations have extended into future pipeline for the customers. So on that collaboration, I would give you that volume has increased dramatically from pre COVID to in the midst of COVID, and it's not just related to the COVID studies. It's also related to future pipeline. So that's one of the major reasons we said that we see an accelerated adoption. Now on the regulatory side, the regulators  and we're not just focused on the FDA. Regulators around the world have given guidance during the pandemic to help studies continue and to help patients continue to receive medicines, continue to participate in the studies because it may be part of the practice of care and be very important to them. So they're accepting deviations to the protocols to use these types of technologies. We've had cases of the Italian regulators, when the hospitals were overwhelmed, were allowing patients in a study that couldn't get into an investigator site that was burdened by COVID-19 treatment of patients to go to another site on the study that was not shut down due to COVID-19 treatments and continue the protocol there. So that's an example. It's not technology based. They also accepted the use of televisits for patient follow up. So that's an example of regulators leaning in. The big question we have, and we don't know the answer to is post pandemic, do the regulators continue to be embracing the use of these type of technologies or do they shift back to a more conservative approach of back to the status quo of trials. And that point, we don't know. But given all those three dimensions, customers have clearly leaned into this more and their appetite to apply these technologies is greater. Regulators have shown more flexibility during the pandemic, but the big question is, will they continue that post pandemic.
Ricky Goldwasser: And just a quick follow-up there. Are there any  given the change in client appetite, are there any strategic assets that you think that are interesting for you to add to meet this change in appetite and demand?
David Simmons: Not specifically. We're generally on the lookout beyond the partnerships and investments we have as we engage on specific trials and look at the right deployment of digital and virtual technologies onto each of these trials, how much are covered by partners we already work with on the technology and virtualization side. And as we see things that might be missing, and it's not always technology related. Some of it is also nontechnology related to be able to enable the trial going to the patient's home, for example. So we're keeping an eye on this and screening, but we don't have anything specifically that we think we need at this point.
Ricky Goldwasser: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jack Rogoff: Great, thanks for taking my question. This is Jack Rogoff on for Bob. Can you help us understand the 31% growth in the Lab segment? It sounded like a good amount of vaccine work and GMP capacity uptake. I'm curious how much of this was more of a lumpy pull forward of higher capacity build-outs versus more sustainable growth for you guys?
Chris Scully: So this is Chris. I'll start with that and Bill may want to fill in some additional details beyond what I share. But quarter one growth in Labs was a result of a combination of favorable factors, including what we ended with last year is a really robust starting backlog. Second is the authorizations wins that we had in the current quarter. That led to faster expected customer utilization of some of the capacity expansions that we did last year. And we also benefited from major accelerations in a vaccines development program at one of our key customers. So it was a combination of multiple factors that went into it. I don't know if, Bill, you'd like to add something?
Bill Sharbaugh: Yes. Maybe just to add some color to Chris' commentary. We've got a diverse set of laboratories. We think they are one, two or three in their respective niches. And we're a recognized leader in our labs. So your question was, is this lumpy? Well, we  in Q1, you can see our authorization results and Labs were certainly a big contributor to that, and we've had strong authorization growth. So look, we've added capacity, but we usually add capacity in a kind of a smart way. It's aligned with customer demand, but you have to build out enough capacity when you go the trouble and apply the CapEx to sustain you for a year or 2. So we certainly have enough capacity to grow, and we have a customer and market demand that suggests we're in a good space. We had an outstanding quarter in Q1, no doubt about it, but we feel good about our laboratory segment going forward.
Jack Rogoff: Got it. That's helpful. And then are you expecting any change in your CapEx outlook this year? Or are things progressing as normal in this area?
Chris Scully: Yes. We're not guiding specifically to where we'll end up in terms of CapEx for the year. We tend to be a business that's a little bit less capital-intensive than many others. So we've averaged around 4% of ASC 605 kind of sales per year, I think, a little bit below that on an ASC 606 basis. You may see us hold back slightly on some of these expenditures where we deem that they're nonessential given the pandemic and our desire to strengthen up liquidity. But we're going to continue to kind of invest at the same time where there's opportunities that we have a high degree of confidence or need and that are going to aid our customers.
Jack Rogoff: Make sense. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Dave Windley of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dave Windley: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Good morning gentlemen. On  I wanted to get some follow-up on a comment that Bill has made a couple of times around China. You talked about  you gave us a litany of contracts, site activations, things like that. I'm wondering, since we kind of don't fully trust the data we see in the major kind of infection trackers. Are you seeing any spike in infection rate that would worry you that you would have to kind of retrench back into a more restricted environment in China? Or is that continuing to progress without inhibition?
Bill Sharbaugh: Yes, Dave, I couldn't comment on the infection rate in China overall. I'll leave that to international health authorities in China. All I can do is tell you what we've seen in our business. This is an interesting factoid and makes me really happy, but none of our employees in China contracted the virus so far, which is amazing. And reviewing with our team the progress that's being made, I'm just suggesting that we're seeing activity resume in China. The metrics in the month of, recently have suggested that there's an uptick in activity in China. So that's positive, and we're going to see what happens. But I couldn't really comment on the infection rate in that country or anything of that nature.
Dave Windley: Got it. I was just digging for, have you and your business had to rein back at any point in the last, say, couple of months, but it sounds like no. The second question that I wanted to explore was around your cost controls, which seemed pretty significant. I guess, quantitatively, I'm basically looking at a kind of 1Q to 2Q sequential decremental margin that is lower than your reported EBITDA margin in the first quarter. So kind of looks like you're reducing costs by more than 100% of your costs. And I hear you talking about putting capacity in place for COVID-related trials. You have a lab business that obviously has a fair amount of fixed capacity in it. And I just want to better understand where you're able to pull levers on cost to mitigate the impact to EBITDA as you go into 2Q?
Chris Scully: Yes. Thanks, Dave. I'm not sure if we kind of look at the math the same way that you're looking at. As I kind of look at it, our margin improved slightly from I believe it's about 18.4% in quarter one to 18.7% next quarter. That does have embedded within it a fair degree of cost control. One thing you have to keep in mind is in terms of the staffing or the resourcing is to the extent that there are kind of colleagues that would not have demand if it weren't for COVID-19 awards, we're able, in large part, to kind of shift some of those bodies where they have the capabilities to support the COVID-19 kind of work. That's what David referred to in his section about basically people being cross-trained and really having a great degree of flexibility, which has been part and parcel of how we've been able to manage our cost base as tightly as we have the last several years. So that adaptability and flexibility definitely plays out favorably amidst a crisis like this.
Dave Windley: Okay. But it does suggest that you're actually assuming greater productivity sequentially despite the disruption and having to shift people around.
Bill Sharbaugh: Dave, this is Bill. I might answer it in this way. Look, personnel is the biggest cost in our business, right? And  given its nature, so utilization is key to us and we have a lot of capability here analytically and to control that. And to your point, given the current situation, there's a lot of tension between cost containment and the expected increase in demand. Look, we certainly slowed hiring. Our utilization is holding up pretty good. It's certainly not a target, as you would expect. And we have taken an approach of reallocating team members between projects and shifting team members between functions in some cases. And so overall, our priority is quality and ensuring that we can keep business continuity for customers and studies and patients. And so we're doing that through a variety of mechanisms, and we're poised as recovery occurs to take advantage of that. Now look, clearly, a lot of other drivers of cost, travel costs have gone way down, et cetera. David mentioned some activities in his commentary. And we've had employees who have voluntarily chosen to reduce their hours in the Choice program that David mentioned. So I mean, we have a lot of levers we're pulling on the cost side appropriately with the situation, but we are poised to recover.
Dave Windley: Okay, thank you.
Chris Scully: Yes. Just one other thing to add, Dave, on the question is, as you know, these are some complicated kind of businesses. So in addition to all those things, which we're doing to kind of manage some other factors could skew the percentages a little bit here and there, including the FX rates for the quarter, the ratio of indirects to directs, what we're kind of doing in our variable compensation. So a series of those things could also twist it. But basically, overall, I think the story is, is that, that this is a team that has a lot of experience in terms of managing utilization and staffing, and we do a great job at that, and this is not the first time we've been at it, and we're going to execute this really well in quarter two.
Dave Windley: Excellent, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from John Kreger of William Blair. Please go ahead.
John Kreger: Hi, thanks very much. Can you tell us how well are the Phase I clinics holding up? I would think they're probably getting hit harder than some of your other areas.
Bill Sharbaugh: Yes, John, this is Bill. Our Phase I clinics are part of our early development services business, which is in clinical. And so it's a subset of that broad category defined as early development. Look, we  what we did as the situation was developing in March. We finished out ongoing studies that were near completion for clients. We took a look at the situation. We decided to shut down that clinic. We furloughed some of the employees, and we thought that was the right thing to do because we didn't want to domicile healthy normal patients based on all the guidance from international, national and our local health authorities. So I would  we looked at the marketplace. We saw about half of those providing those services, kept them open and some reduced capacity and about half closed. We are in the camp of closing because we thought that was the right thing to do. So that's a subset of our business. We have clinics in Las Vegas, Nevada, in Austin, Texas and in Orlando, Florida. And we're in the process of planning for reopening, depending on how the virus progresses, but I would see us taking a phased approach where these open up at the end of Q2 for a small subset of studies, a whole bunch of new procedures put in place. And then through the course of Q3, ramp up and then be at full capacity in Q4. That's how we're sort of thinking of our Phase I clinics. There's a lot of detail around it, but our team has done an excellent job, and we think we've done the right thing as a company to protect both our staff and patients.
David Simmons: John, it's David. One thing to add  one thing to emphasize what Bill said and then something to add. First thing to emphasize is that colleague and patient safety has come first. Of the three objectives that we're working on, if they ever come in conflict, colleague and patient safety wins. Hence, the very fast decision to shut down the clinics. That's the point I would emphasize, Bill brought up. The point I would add is that customer demand for these services is very strong. So customers are  keep asking us when are we going to be able to reopen the Phase I clinics.
John Kreger: That's very helpful. And then a follow-up around the site network. I'm guessing the patient flow there is better than what you're seeing in sites that you don't own or manage. Any metrics that you could provide on that? I'm just curious how your site network patient volumes might have trended in the quarter compared to the other sites where you work?
Bill Sharbaugh: Yes, John, this is Bill. So first of all, our site network has remained open, okay? Number one. Number two, ongoing clinical trials, many ongoing clinical trials have continued, albeit at a slower pace. And then some clinical trials have been put on hold by customers because they represented these at-risk patient populations that I mentioned earlier, immunocompromised patients or elderly patients. So it's a bit of a mixed bag there. The key thing is it has remained open, they are screening, recruiting and enrolling patients. And as I said, it's a rescue mechanism for ongoing clinical trials, and we're having discussions with customers around that right now. We put into place a couple of virtual solutions to help keep patients engaged and enrolled in those trials. Customers are very concerned about patients lost to follow-up. We've been able to maintain a lot of continuity there. So we have experienced some studies that are delayed to enrollment or paused on enrollment just because of the nature of those patients, but it's remained open, and many studies are continuing. So we think as recovery strengthens that our site network is going to be a great solution. And then those studies that are on pause are going to resume.
John Kreger: Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Erin Wright of Crdit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Erin Wright: Great, thanks. Biotech funding, I would expect to be a little bit more volatile, obviously, in this environment. I mean, what are you seeing and hearing across that cohort of customers compared to large pharma?
David Simmons: Thanks for that question, Erin. First, I'm going to say that biotech funding looks as robust as it's ever been in Q1. What we're seeing is funding from IPO and debt financing, probably off a little bit or flattish, but funding from venture capital increased in Q1. So the total was a very robust funding environment. So we're not seeing any signs of funding weakness on the biotech front. Second part is we continue to see cash on balance sheets of the funded biotech companies sitting at about two to three and trending to the three-year number in terms of cash on the balance sheet at current levels of R&D spending. So those are those two elements of the amount of capital flowing in and the amount of cash on balance sheets that the well-funded biotech companies are sitting on are both as strong as they've ever been. So that's the first point. The second is, I think, specific to PPD, I would bring out, which is in our backlog, if you look at the authorizations in our backlog from our biotech customers, approximately 80% of that award volume is for Phase II and later stage studies, which tend to be lower risk studies than the earlier stage biotech study. So you got an overall funding environment is strong and then the particular types of work we do in the later stages of development, which makes up on a dollar value, approximately 80% of our biotech backlog is relatively less risky.
Erin Wright: Okay. Got it. And then you mentioned the success you're seeing in COVID-related business wins. How should we be thinking about how meaningful those are from a financial perspective?
David Simmons: Yes. A couple of things to consider, as you think about them is, one, they're fast burning. So this is  tends to be revenue that's going to run this year and into 2021. So that's the first point. Second is, we think that the COVID book of work is dynamic meaning, you've got a lot  the industry has really responded rapidly and are doing a lot of testing of scientific hypothesis around COVID. And some are going to be good hypothesis that will get early data that's positive, and others will be not so good hypothesis. So I would expect with the awards that are coming in, some will cancel, some will expand. And we've already seen some expansions in the work we've won. So we mentioned 39 awards. Another way to think about this is that 39 awards, about 2/3 of those awards are for treatments, 1/3 of those awards are for vaccines. So the first and fastest kind of runs out of the blocks were the treatment programs, and those that had really good early data have already expanded scope. So another thing to think about is as you see awards, they're starting in the earlier stage. But if the data comes out very positively, you can see rapid expansions of these programs. An example of that is we had one treatment program that we were working on, where our original scoping was to enroll approximately 700 patients. Within four weeks and the early data readouts on that, the scope expansion went to well over 6,000 patients. I mean it's just a rapid and massive increase in scope. And Bill talked about our people going 24 hours a day, trying to make sure that we're able to enroll patients and get medicines to patients. That's actually tied to this specific example. Vaccines are lagging a little bit because it's being tested in healthy volunteers. But I would expect that the good vaccines programs are going to see scope expansion start to pop in Q2. Now the question is, you've got this double force, which early data readouts aren't going to be so positive, so there could be some cancellations or just the studies stop after that early stage. And then others where the data is positive is going to be relatively large scope expansions. And then because that's why we do these studies, it's hard to project what the volume is going to be in the future.
Erin Wright: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Juan Avendano of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Juan Avendano: Hi, thank you. Can you give us an update on the percentage of your overall patients that you are able to recruit from your site network? And also, what is the percentage of your sites that are exclusively dedicated to clinical research and thus potentially seeing a smaller impact from health care resources being diverted to COVID-19?
David Simmons: I'm sorry, can I get the second part of your question again, Juan?
Juan Avendano: Yes. And so what is the percentage of your overall sites that are exclusively dedicated to clinical research and thus potentially seeing a smaller impact from health care resources being diverted to COVID-19?
David Simmons: Okay. I mean, we don't have the specific data to disclose on either of those fronts, but let me try to help with the questions. On the percent of patients related to our site network versus other site networks, say proportionality hasn't changed through this COVID-19 crisis, meaning the majority of patients are still flowing through the traditional site network versus the 180 sites we have. I would say that we, on our sites, while they're open and patients have been resilient, meaning patients are willing to participate in clinical trial conduct, the biggest factor affecting our own site network has been customer holds. Where if you flip and go to the traditional investigator sites, the biggest impact has been investigator sites as part of hospitals that are dealing with COVID-19 outbreaks. And there's severe impediments to our ability to do on-site activity, which Bill framed the proportionality in his opening comments. So you have this kind of different impact from COVID in our sites, which is more driven by customer holds in proportionality standpoint and zero impact on the sites being opened from the pandemic versus traditional sites, which are more impacted by the pandemic than from customer holds. So that would be, to try to help inform your question without disclosing the specific numbers you're asking for. Bill, is there anything you want to add to that?
Bill Sharbaugh: No. I think you hit it.
Juan Avendano: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Dan Brennan of UBS. Please go ahead.
Dan Brennan: Thanks for taking the questions. David, you mentioned during the prepared remarks, that you think COVID could actually have a net positive impact on the overall R&D spend, I think, for biopharma. I was wondering in that context, a topic we've tried to think about is when we look out beyond 2020, the ability for CROs to [Audio Dip] So could you just speak a little bit about, maybe give a little more color on the overall level of R&D and COVID impact? And is there an ability, is there a slack capacity, whether it be at the sites, investigators or in CRAs to actually have an ability to catch up for what's been delayed?
David Simmons: Yes. I think there's  you were getting cut off in the question, but I think the question had two parts is what was behind the statement of believing that this COVID experience will have a positive effect on R&D investment. And then I think your second question was around what  how do we see the complexity or challenge of catch-up once we get back to normalcy. So assuming that was the gist of the questions. So on the first piece, the statement on R&D investment levels is not a technically based feeling or belief. It's twofold. It's one, that I think with the pandemic going out, I think society is realizing that in the face of extreme health challenges or risks to health, where does one turn for solutions? And the innovative biopharma and biotech industries is the place that's mobilized on their own at speed and at pace and are having real impacts already. I mean, just if we look at remdesivir's approval and the amount of work going on. So one, I think since all the, maybe pre COVID, you may have seen just the general narrative out in the public being one that's more negative to the industry because of drug pricing and a political focus on drug pricing. I think society is probably seeing very clearly the role that this industry plays. So I think the belief and the importance of this industry to society is pronounced in this. That's the main driver behind the R&D investment levels. I think probably a sub chapter of that is maybe a renewed focus in public-private and what I believe would lead to a public-private discussion on infectious disease preparedness, which maybe was lacking a bit, heading into this. So that's the first piece on the R&D investment side. On the recovery side, this is a really tough topic, and it's one that we spend a lot of time on, and business by business within the total of PPD, it looks different. But fundamentally, we have to be prepared for different types of recovery curves, whether they be V shaped, U shaped or W shaped with reoccurrence of the pandemic. But we do believe that we're going to get back to a point where we're going to have to run whatever time period, let's say, it's fourth quarter. Again, we don't know what it's going to be. Let's say, fourth quarter, where we get back to the requirement where we've got to run the full expected book of work for that quarter that was planned. And then we have all of this catch-up work for delayed activities that have gone on. So resourcing becomes very, very important. And this is why we've been very loathe to take draconian actions on our cost base. Our leaders have done a great job adapting resourcing and reshifting resourcing to keep utilization as high as we can, but it has taken a bit of a knock. And this Choice program has been key. So people are managing their lives better, but we haven't given up that capacity, that flex capacity to come back in. But we do believe when that period of time hits where we have to do our normally planned volume of work and do the catch up work, that we're going to have to ramp up hiring. And the timing of the ramp-up of hiring at or in advance of this spike is something PPD does really well and calibrates really well. And we're going to have  this is going to test our ability probably unlike any other spike buildup that we've seen in the past. I just want to see if Bill wants to add anything to this.
Bill Sharbaugh: Yes. David, I think you framed it quite well. I think the challenges aren't technical in nature. It's going to be access to sites, right? So access is a challenge. Clearly, there's new procedures that will be in place that various countries, institutions, et cetera, will put into place. And we and you will have to react to that so that our CRAs are prepared and able to enter those sites. And then it's the nature of our business. It's core. But clearly, there's a lot of protocol amendments that have been put in place around clinical trials as we've added digital services, as we're in a rescue mode, opening up new sites, catching up on activities that are required to be done at the site. We've done a lot of this work in advance, as I've said, to the extent we can to start-up a new clinical trial. But that's our bread and butter, those protocol amendments. And like David said, from a resourcing perspective, we're planning for recovery and ready for recovery.
Dan Brennan: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Simmons for closing remarks.
David Simmons: Yes. I want to thank everyone that participated in the call. We appreciate your time and allocation of time to PPD. As you can tell, we're very pleased with the quarter one results, but that's behind us now. Our full focus is on managing PPD and being part of the solution to this pandemic as we go through Q2 and into the rest of 2020. So again, thank you for your time, and we'll close the call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating, and have a pleasant day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2019 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, please begin the call.
Kenneth Apicerno: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors Section of our website thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts and Presentations until February 7, 2020. A copy of the press release of our fourth quarter 2019 earnings and future expectations is available in the Investors Section of our website under the heading Financial Results. Before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from these indicated on the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2019 under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is also available in the Investor section of our website under the heading SEC filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during this call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our fourth quarter 2019 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thank you, Ken. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our 2019 Q4 and year end call. I'm pleased to report that we finished the year strong and exceeded our goals for 2019. From our financial perspective, as you saw in our press release, we delivered excellent revenue and earnings growth. From our customer lens, we launched many exciting new products and added new capabilities to strengthen our unique value proposition. And for our shareholders we continued to be good stewards of capital, making strategic acquisitions and returning capital to create significant value. All in all, it was an excellent year. We've positioned Thermo Fisher very well to begin this new decade as an even stronger company. I'll cover some of the highlights later in my remarks, but first I'll hit the financials from the quarter and the year at a high level. Starting with the quarter, our revenue increased 5% in Q4 year-over-year to $6.83 billion. Organic growth was also 5% in the quarter. Adjusted operating income increased 5% to $1.70 billion and our adjusted operating margin expended 10 basis points in Q4 to 24.9%. Finally, we achieved strong adjusted EPS growth in the quarter with 9% increase to $3.55 per share. Turning to our results for the full year, we increased revenue by 5% to $25.54 billion in 2019. Organic revenue growth was 6% for the year. Adjusted operating income increased 6% to $5.97 billion. We expanded adjusted operating margin by 30 basis points to 23.4% and we delivered another excellent year of earnings performance in 2019, with an 11% increase in adjusted EPS to $12.35 per share. As you know, our store performance is fueled by the power of our PPI Business System. Our colleagues use it across the company to improve all aspects of how we work. This is not  this not only leads to strong earnings growth, but also helps us continuously make our company even better and that creates a great experience for our customers and our 75,000 colleagues around the world. Let me now give you some color on our performance by end market for the quarter and the year. Starting with pharma and biotech, we had excellent performance again in the end market delivering 10% growth during Q4. We saw broad-based strength across our businesses serving these customers. Our unique depth of capabilities gives us a clear competitive advantage and we continue to strengthen our offering to gain share, which I'll cover later in my remarks. Our leading position in serving pharma and biotech customers led to double-digit growth in this end market for the year. In diagnostics and health care, we saw strong growth in our immunodiagnostics, clinical diagnostics and healthcare market channel businesses in Q4 and we grew in this end market in the mid-single digits for both the quarter and the full year. Turn into industrial and applied, growth in this end market declined in the mid-single digits in Q4 compared with the double-digit growth we delivered in Q4 last year. This was predominantly driven by our electron microscopy business, a dynamic consistent with what we saw in Q3. For the full year industrial and applied grew in the low-single digits. In academic and government, we grew in the low-single digits during the quarter and for the full year. Finally, let me comment briefly on our performance from a geographic lens. In Q4, we grew in China in the low-single digits. This was driven by very strong comparisons in the year ago quarter, coupled with a slower release of funds for capital purchases by some of our customers. Our performance in North America and Europe was very strong, driving excellent revenue growth for the total company. That speaks to the strength of our portfolio and our global competitive position. To sum up our performance, market conditions continue to be good overall and our team's executed well to achieve another excellent year. We continue to effectively leverage our unique customer value proposition to deliver a very strong growth. That's a good transition to our growth strategy and I'll use it as a framework to recap some of the highlights for the quarter and the year. We continued our strong momentum across all three elements of our strategy to put Thermo Fisher in the best position to win with our customers and gain market share. Starting with the first pillar of our strategy, it was an exceptional year for high-impact innovation. We launched exciting new products every quarter and across all of our technology focused businesses. I will highlight just a few this morning. In analytical instruments, you'll recall it was a big year for us at ASMS, with the introduction of our new generation of Thermo Scientific Orbitrap instruments. We strengthened our mass spec leadership with the new Exploris 480 and Eclipse Tribrid systems, which significantly raised the bar in protein analysis. We're pleased to see very strong customer demand for these products. In our electron microscopy business, we launched our new generation Krios G4 instrument for structural biology during the year. And in Q4, we introduced the Metrios AX for industrial applications. This new system uses machine learning to automate the collection and measurement of critical data, ensuring quality and efficiency for our customers. In our specialty diagnostics segment, we added a number of new assets during the year, particularly in our immunodiagnostics business where we continued to expand our menu of ImmunoCAP allergy tests. In transplant diagnostics, we extended our family of LABScreen reagents in Q4. Our new single antigen ExPlex reagents greatly expand the number of HLA antibodies that lab directors can characterize to help identify the risk of organ rejection in transplantations. Turn to our life sciences solutions segment, we launched a range of the products to strengthen our bio-production, biosciences and genetic sciences offering highlighted by the QuantStudio 6 and 7 Pro real-time PCR systems. In Q4, we introduced the Qubit Flex Fluorometer, which is designed to measure up to eight samples simultaneously and with highly accurate and reproducible results. And to cap off an excellent year, in Q4 we launched the Genexus system, to extend our Ion Torrent next generation sequencing platform. This fully automated system is a real game changer, delivering results in a single day and requiring minimal amounts of sample for analysis. We've continued to make great progress with our oncology-focused NGS strategy and Genexus is a significant milestone in our goal to ultimately bring NGS to local hospital settings. I'm proud of the passion our teams have for innovation and that makes a real difference for our customers. This has always been a key element of our culture. So clearly another fantastic year in that regard and we look forward to continuing our momentum in 2020. Turning to the second pillar of our growth strategy, leveraging our scale in high growth and emerging markets we had strong performance across these key regions in 2019. And that included another great year in China with 13% growth. Looking forward, the government priorities in China are aligned with the technologies we provide, to meet customer demands for biologic drugs, a cleaner environment and safer food supplies. And we continue to build on our industry leading scale to help them solve these challenges. You will recall that we highlighted many new developments during the year, including the expansion of our clinical trials operations in China to meet growing demand. During the quarter, we opened a new pharma and biotech customer solution center in Shanghai. The center showcases our expertise in critical analytical processes and specialized workflows to help our customers accelerate their development of novel therapeutics. I came away from my visit to China in Q4 with incredible excitement for how rapidly the biotechnology market is expanding there and how well positioned we are to support that growth. To sum it up, Thermal Fisher has a distinct advantage in China and that we've created by leveraging our unique industry leading scale and that allows us to deliver an exceptional experience for our customers there. This is a strategy that plays out across our high-growth and emerging markets around the world. As you heard during the year, we also continue to build on our capabilities in South Korea, India, and Singapore, that help our customers advance their work in life sciences, biopharma and food safety applications. The third pillar of our growth strategy is our customer value proposition. And we continue to enhance it to help our customers meet their goals for innovation and productivity. We've been talking a lot about our offerings for pharma and biotech because it's a great example of how we're bringing together our existing capabilities and adding new ones to be the strongest partner for these customers. We have a proven formula for serving these customers and it resonates from large pharma to smaller virgin biotech. We can support them from the discovery of a molecule all the way to making it a commercial medicine. And we do this through a combination of continuing to strengthen our product offering by introducing relevant new technologies, leveraging our scale and the extensive customer access we have to our research and safety market channel and continuing to expand our CDMO service capabilities, which also drives revenue synergies across our portfolio. This is a formula that's working very well and in the 2019 we once again delivered double digit growth with our pharma and biotech customers. It's been over two years since we acquired Patheon and we've successfully completed the integration. We were able to turn a business that was growing in the mid-single digits into a high-single digit grower with a bright outlook. We've already covered a lot of our pharma services development during the year, but at a high-level our approach has been a combination of organic investments and strategic bolt-on acquisitions. Organically we've continued to expand our global network to meet customer demand, including our capacity for biologics production and sterile fill/finish services. We've also acquired new capabilities to strengthen our position. We added the new API manufacturing facility in Ireland that we acquired from GSK and we significantly increased our capabilities in the high growth gene therapy market with the acquisition of Brammer Bio. In early December, I attended the grand opening of our new viral vector facility in Lexington, Massachusetts. Our team there is super excited about the opportunities we now have to help our customers bring innovative new therapies to patients with rare diseases. The integration of Brammer Bio has gone extremely well. Business performance is strong and I'm really excited about this potential. So excellent momentum is serving our pharma and biotech customers, it's clear that our value proposition is a key competitive advantage for us and we continue to gain share. Turning now to capital deployment, as you know, we have a great track record here in creating value for our shareholders by being good stewards of capital and we continue to successfully execute our strategy in 2019. First we deployed $1.8 billion on strategic bolt-on acquisitions. Second, we continue to return capital to our shareholders for a total of $1.8 billion in share buybacks and dividends. Last, you recall that we announced in Q3 that we refinanced $5.6 billion of our debt and that will generate $80 million in savings annually for us. So it was a great year from a capital deployment and balance sheet perspective as well. Let me cover one last highlight from the year before I turn to our guidance and that relates to our commitment to environmental, social and governance priorities. We've always been a company that's focused on doing business the right way. And that's embodied in our mission, which is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner, and safer. We not only bring our mission to life every day, but we also have robust programs that connect our customers, colleagues and communities so we can make a direct impact. This happens in a number of ways, including through our STEM education and environmental sustainability initiatives, still much more to be done here, but I'm proud of the work our teams are doing to raise our ESG profile and continue to make our company even better. Stephen will dwell on the assumptions that factor into our revenue and earnings guidance, but let me quickly cover the highlights. In terms of our revenue guidance, we expect to deliver between $26.61 billion and $27.01 billion in 2020, which would result in reported revenue growth of 4% to 6%. We're initiating adjusted EPS guidance for 2020 in the range of $13.49 to $13. 67. This will lead to 9% to 11% growth year-over-year. Before I hand the call over to Stephen, I'll leave you with my key takeaways for the year. We've consistently achieved excellent revenue earnings growth and extended our track record with another year of strong performance in 2019. We're delivering an exceptional experience for our customers by continuing to enhance our unique value proposition and using our PPI Business System to make our company even stronger. And we've continued to create significant value for our customers and our shareholders, which puts us in a very strong position as we begin the decade. With that, I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc and good morning everyone. I'll begin with an overview of our fourth quarter and a full year results for the total company. Then I'll provide some color on our four segments and conclude with a detailed review of our initial 2020 guidance. Before I get into the details of the financial performance, I thought it'd be helpful to provide a high-level view of how the fourth quarter played out versus our expectations the time of our last earnings call. As you saw in our press release, we had a strong finish to the year and delivered results ahead of our prior guidance on both the top and bottom line. We delivered 5% organic growth and adjusted EPS was $0.04 higher than the midpoint of our previous guidance, reflecting good volume pull-through along with incremental, favorable below-the-line FX. Our strong performance in Q4 enabled us to deliver 6% organic growth for the full year 2019 and 11% growth in adjusted earnings per share, so excellent financial results in 2019. Now let me give you some more color on our performance, starting with the earnings results. You saw on our press release we grew adjusted EPS and Q4 by 9% to $3.55. For the full year adjusted EPS was $12.35 up 11% versus 2018. GAAP EPS in the quarter was $2.49 up 12% from Q4 last year, and 2019 full year GAAP EPS with $9.17 up 27% versus the prior year. On the top line, our Q4 recorded revenue grew 5% year-over-year in Q4. The components of our Q4 reported revenue increase included 5% organic growth, approximately 1% growth from the net of acquisitions and divestitures and a foreign exchange headwind of approximately 1%. For the full year 2019, reported revenue increased 5% year-over-year. This includes a 6% contribution from organic growth or 1% positive impact from the net of acquisitions and divestitures and a 2% headwind from foreign exchange. Turning to our growth by geography during the quarter. North America grew in the mid-single digits, Europe grew in the high single-digits, Asia-Pacific grew in the low single-digits including China which also growing in the low single-digits, and rest of the world grew in the mid-single-digits. For the full year, North America grew in the mid-single digits, Europe and Asia-Pacific both grew in the high single-digits, and rest of the world grew in the mix single-digits. Turning to our operational performance, Q4 adjusted operating income increased 5%, adjusted operating margin were 24.9%, up 10 basis points in Q4 of last year. We saw strong productivity from our PPI Business System and good volume leverage. This was partially offset by strategic investments, business mix and the impact of acquisitions and the divestiture of our Anatomical Pathology business. Q4 margin expansion was 30 basis points lower than we'd assumed in the last guidance. Half of that was driven by FX and the other half by incremental investments to fuel future growth. For the full year adjusted operating income increased 6%. Adjusted operating margin with 23.4%, which is 30 basis points higher than 2018. We've got strong productivity and volume pull through just partially offset by strategic investments, business mix and the impact of acquisitions and divestiture. For the full year FX was a headwind at 2% on revenue, 10 basis points on adjusted operating margins and 2% on adjusted earnings per share. As a reminder, our divestiture of the Anatomical Pathology business at the end of Q2 was $0.09 dilutive in 2019 and a year-over-year headwind of approximately $120 million on revenue, $50 million on adjusted operating income and 10 basis points on adjusted operating margin. Moving on to the details of the P&L, total company adjusted gross margin in the quarter came in at 46.3%, down 60 basis points from Q4 of the prior year; 50 basis points of this was the impact of acquisitions and the divestiture. For the full year adjusted gross margin was 46.4%, down 30 basis points from 2018. For both the quarter and full year, strong productivity and volume pull through were more than offset by business mix, strategic investments and the impact of acquisitions and the divestiture. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 17.65% of revenue, an improvement of 70 basis points versus Q4 2018. Total R&D expense came in at 3.8% of revenue, 10 basis points lower than Q4 last year. For the full year adjusted SG&A was 19.1%, an improvement of 60 basis points compared to the full-year 2018. R&D expense was 3.9% of sales, 10 basis points lower than the prior year. R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue for the full year was 7.1%. Looking at results below-the-line for the quarter, our net interest expense with $97 million, down $30 million from Q4 last year. Net interest expense for the full year was $450 million, a decrease of $80 million[ph] from 2018. The reduction in net interest expense was driven by debt reduction and our refinancing actions. Adjusted other income and expense was a net income in the quarter of $16 million, higher than Q4 2018, primarily due to changes in non-operating foreign exchange. Adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 11.7%, down 50 basis points versus Q4 2018. Our full-year adjusted tax rate with 11% in line with previous guidance is 90 basis points lower than the full-year 2018 primarily reflecting the beneficial impact of U.S. tax reform and our continued tax planning initiative. As I mentioned on the Q3 call, we repurchased $750 million of our shares in early Q4 bring the total repurchases of 2019 to $1.5 billion. Average diluted shares were $402 million in Q4 and $403 million for the full year, both in line with that prior guidance. Turning to cash flow on the balance sheet. For the full year and cash flow from continuing operations with $5 billion and free cash flow was $4.1 billion after deducting net capital expenditures of approximately $900 million. During 2019 we also continued to return significant capital to shareholders with $1.5 billion per share buy backs $300 million in dividends. And as Mark mentioned, we successfully deployed $1.8 billion of capital through strategic acquisitions. We ended the year with approximately $2.4 billion in cash and $17.8 billion of total debt. Our total debt was up $700 million from the end of Q3 driven by the completion of our debt refinancing activities, which began in the prior quarter. Our leverage ratio at the end of the year with 2.7 times gross debt to adjusted EBITDA in line with our expectations. Wrapping up my comments in our total company performance, adjusted ROIC was 11.8% or 12 basis points from last quarter and up 90 basis points in Q4 last year as we continued to generate very strong return. Not provide you with some color on the performance of our four business segments for the quarter and the full year. Started with life science solutions. In Q4 reported revenue in this segments increased 8% and organic revenue growth was 9%. In the quarter we continued to see strong growth in this segment led by bio-production, bio-sciences and genetic sciences. For the full year reported revenue increased 9% and organic revenue growth with 10% Q4 adjusted operating income in Life Science Solutions increased 11%; and adjusted operating margin was 37.5% up 70 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter we drove very strong productivity and volume pool through which is partially offset by business mix and strategic investment. For the full year 2019, adjusted operating income increased 13% and adjusted operating margin was 35.7% and increased with 130 basis points over 2018 In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue decreased by 3% in Q4 and organic revenue declined 2%. Growth in the segment all businesses have very strong year-over-year comps given the 12% organic growth that we delivered in Q4 2018, particularly in our electron microscopy business. In addition, the slower release of funds for capital purchases in China impacted Q4 growth for the businesses in this segment. For the full year, report revenue in the segment increased 1% and organic growth was 3%. Q4 adjusted operating income in analytical instruments decreased 5%, adjusted operating margin was 26%, down 60 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we saw very strong productivity, which was more than offset by business mix, strategic investments and volume For the full year adjusted operating income was 23.1%, 30 basis points higher than the prior year. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics Segment. As a reminder this is the segment that previously included the Anatomical Pathology business, which we divested at the end of Q2. In Q4 total revenue decline 1% over organic revenue growth was 7%. We saw strong growth in this segment led by our immunodiagnostics and clinical diagnostics businesses with continued strong growth in our healthcare market channel. For the full year, reported revenue was flat, and organic growth was 5%. Adjusted operating income decreased 5% in Q4, and adjusted operating margin with 23.7% down 80 basis points in the prior year due to the impact of the divestiture. In the quarter, we saw strong productivity and falling leverage, however this was more than offset by strategic investments and the impact of the divestiture and business mix. For the full year 2019, adjusted operating income declined 2%, adjusted operating margin with 25%, contracting 60 basis points year-over-year with a divestiture representing 30 basis points. Finally, in the Laboratory Products and Services segments Q4 reported revenue increased 9%, organic revenue growth was 7%. In the quarter we saw strong growth across all of our businesses within the segment led by the pharma services business and the research and safety market channel. For the full year both reported and organic revenue grew 6%. Adjusted operating income in the segment for increased 15% and adjusted operating margin was 13.8% which was higher than the prior year by 70 basis points. In the quarter we saw very strong productivity, volume leverage contributions from acquisitions and favorable business mix. This was partially offset by strategic investments. For the full year adjusted operating margin was 12.5%, flat to 2018. With that Id like to review the details of our initial 2020 guidance. And as Mark mentioned earlier, we're initiating a 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range of $13.49 to $13.67 which would result in 9% to 11% growth over 2019. In terms of revenue, our guidance range is $26.61 billion to $27.01 billion, which would result in reporter growth of 4% to 6% over 2019. Our initial guidance for 2020 assumes 5% organic revenue growth for the year. With regards to FX in 2020 we're assuming that it's a year-over-year headwind of approximately $100 million of revenue or 0.4% and $0.06 of adjusted EPS or 0.5% largely in Q1 and to a lesser extent in Q2. We expect $0.06 of dilution from the sale of the Anatomical Pathology business, which reflects revenue and operating income headwinds of $105 million and $30 million respectively. We're assuming that the acquisitions we completed in 2019 will contribute approximately $160 million to our reported revenue growth in 2020. Turning to adjusted operating margin, we made the decision to reinvest $40 million of last years debt refinancing back into the business. This re-investment impacts 2020 adjusted operating margins by 15 basis points. In addition, we expect to have about 10 basis points of margin impact in 2020 from my decision to renew key commercial contracts for our PCT test business, which is part of our Specialty Diagnostics segment. In exchange with some royalty rate concessions we successfully negotiated long-term contract extensions with most of our PCT commercial partners. With 2020 this creates a headwind of about $30 million of revenue and adjusted operating income, but in return, extensive revenue stream for this highly successful test franchise for many years to come. Factoring in the impact of these two divisions and the benefits of strong volume fall through on the organic growth and continued strong productivity from our PPI Business System, we expect to expand adjusted operating margins by 30 basis points in 2020 resulting in adjusted operating margins of approximately 23.7%. Moving below the line, we expect net interest expense in 2020 to be approximately $340 million. This is $110 million lower than 2019 and reflects the debt refinancing activity we completed this past year and the lower average debt level. We're assuming adjusted other net income will be about $60 million. We expect the adjusted income tax rate to be 10.5% in 2020. The improvements from our 11% rate in 2019 is primarily driven by the continued realization of benefits associated with U.S. tax reform. We're assuming net capital expenditures in the range of $1 billion to $1.1 billion. This represents an increased investment of approximately $150 million over 2019, driven by capacity and capability expansions in our pharmacy services and bioproduction businesses. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $4.55 billion in 2020. The increase over 2019 is primarily driven by our expected strong earnings growth. In terms of capital deployments, our guidance includes a total of $1.5 billion of share buybacks in 2020 which we assume will be completed throughout the year. We're also assuming that we'll return approximately $350 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends. We estimate full-year average diluted share count will be between 400 and 401 million shares. Our guidance does not assume any future acquisitions or divestitures. It's also worth noting that our guidance does not include any potential impact from the Coronavirus outbreak. It is too early to gauge the impact. We're fully focused on doing everything we can to help our customers and our colleagues address the situation. Finally, I wanted to touch on quarterly phasing for the year. There are several factors to consider. First, note that we have one less day in Q1 and two extra days in Q4 this year. For organic growth standpoint, we expect Q1 to be a couple of points lower than the full-year due to the day's impact and the prior year comps, particularly in the analytical instruments segments. And we expect Q4 to be higher than the full year for the same reasons. From an adjusted operating income stamp margin standpoint, we expect Q1 to be 40 basis points lower than Q1 2019. This is driven by the phasing of organic revenue and the timing of investments in our 2019 acquisitions. Acquisitions and divestitures are approximately 60 basis points diluted in Q1, accretive for the rest of the year and net neutral for the year as a whole. Due to the phasing of revenue and margins in the year we expect adjusted EPS in Q1 to be just over 21% of the full year and Q4 to be approximately 30%. Q2 and Q3 are expected to be about equal. So at a high level to start the year, our guidance assumes 5% organic revenue growth, 9% to 11% adjusted EPS growth to continuation of excellent financial performance track record. As always, we'll strive to deliver the best possible results and I look forward to updating you on our progress as we go through the year. With that, I give the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth Apicerno: Thanks Stephen. Operator, we're ready to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, good morning. Marc, I want to start with performance in the Analytical Instruments business. You had a difficult comp last quarter, but there's a notable quarter-over-quarter deceleration here. Is there anything you could talk to in terms of pacing? Did anything come up late in the quarter? You talked about the China slower release of funds. How much of it was that versus maybe FDI? It looks like FDIs tracking a couple of hundred million dollars below with semis and Life Sciences lagging suit. Can you maybe talk to those two dynamics and if there's anything else that weighed down AI in the quarter?
Marc Casper: Yes. Tycho, thanks for the question. In terms of the analytical instruments, as you said we had 12% growth in the prior year. So our expectations were that we were going to have that as a headwind and our performance was a little bit below the expectations that we had, really happened late in the quarter in China with a slower release of funds from specific customers on high-end capital equipment in that market. When we think about the comparisons, electron microscopy business as you said has a very strong second half in 2018 and actually very strong going into the first quarter of 2019. So we knew we have challenging comparisons there and that played out pretty much as we expected?
Tycho Peterson: And then I guess for the follow-up on China. Can you maybe just talk about the gives and takes, obviously you're not factoring any Coronavirus impact, but are you expecting a ketchup on the release of funds? And maybe just talk about some of the other gives and takes in China for the yearend. And is there an opportunity on Coronavirus for you guys on the positive side, is we think about the diagnostics business?
Marc Casper: Yes. So let me cover China. From a China perspective, I always liked to keep things in the contact, right, which is we in we had a very strong year in China and 13% growth. And when I look back on the year, we really continue to strengthen our strategic position in the country. Feedback from our customers continues to be positive. We were expecting that we would have mid-single-digit growth in Q4, based on comparisons, which is in the Analytical Instruments business that I  as I just highlighted and we came in with low-single-digit growth in China versus the mid-single-digit expectations for the fourth quarter. And the driver that was really the slower release of capital or high-end capital equipment. Interestingly enough, when you look at the remainder of the business, which is obviously the majority of the business, the various service businesses and all of our consumer businesses actually play out exactly as we saw in the previous three quarters, very strong growth across the rest of the portfolio. So it seems like the government made some decisions to  on very large capital equipment purchases to hold funds and so that's our take there and Coronaviruses isn't baked into our forecast one way or the other. Thanks, Tycho.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to probe a little bit more on the industrial and applied end markets, so down mid-single digits in the quarter. Obviously, electron microscopy weighing on that. Just  I'm curious if you excluded that, what you're seeing in terms of the macro. Was that also weaker year-over-year? And excluding some of the capital seasonality you're talking about there, what does the guidance assume for that as an end market for 2020?
Marc Casper: So, Jack. As I look to  for the year last year, we grew low single digits in industrial and applied. And our guidance has the same low single-digit assumption for the year. And you'll see the flip in terms of phasing, right? We had a very strong year up in industrial and applied at the first half of 2019. And therefore, we have more challenging comparisons as we start this year. And then the comparisons eased substantially as the year goes on, so it's a little bit softer to begin and then accelerating growth as the year plays out. And really, what's assuming is really exactly the same market conditions happening in industrial and applied. The only thing that's changing is really the  is just how challenging the comparisons are. When you look at sort of the day-to-day run rate business in industrial and applied, there's always some pockets of strength. We saw some strength in applied markets QA/QC applications. You saw some strength, but the larger capital equipment purchases had a difficult comparison primarily in semiconductor and material science applications.
Jack Meehan: Great. Okay. And then just as a follow-up. I know Stephen mentioned, I think, all the businesses within AI had a tough comp, but was hoping you could just provide some more color on mass spec and chromatography, how you feel  did that grow? Or was that negative also in the quarter from the comp? And how do you feel about share gains versus the competitive environment?
Marc Casper: Yes. Jack, so in terms of Analytical Instruments, as a reminder, we have three business lines within our Analytical Instruments business our materials and structural analysis was below the segment average and chroma mass spec and chemical analysis. All three businesses declined in the quarter because all three had very strong comparisons. Our chromatography and mass spectrometry business performed the strongest of the three businesses. And when you look at it for the full year, the electron microscopy or materials and structural analysis was below the segment average and chroma mass spec and chemical analysis was above the segment average for the full year. I feel good about our shared performance in terms of how we performed during the course of the year. Thank you, Jack.
Jack Meehan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: Hey, good morning.
Marc Casper: Good morning, Derik.
Derik De Bruin: Hey, Marc, can you talk a little bit about sort of the margin profile? I mean, you've done some deals recently, like the GSK deal, and the Brammer deal that have been putting some pressure on margins. And I guess, I'm just trying to get a sense on the go-forward basis on what the margin opportunity will be in. And I mean  and this sort of bonds into a  of further capital deployment conversation in that when you sort of look at other assets you could potentially add, is there a lot more stuff like GSK and Brammer that you're looking to add that would be dilutive on this? I'm just trying to get a sense on the pacing of the margin because you're trying to balance this new growth opportunity with step of demands, higher capital investment and lower margins at this point in time?
Marc Casper: Yes, Derik. Thanks for the question. So I will try to answer this way. When we  the first thing is about just M&A generally and how we think about M&A. We actually don't focus on what the starting margin is. Meaning, as you know, over the many years, we've done M&A that was accretive to margins from an operating perspective from day one. And we've done ones that have been dilutive, right? What we look at is what are the return profiles and what can we do with the business and are we the right owner, right? So you'll have things that sometimes short term are headwinds. Sometimes, they're tailwinds. And when we give our guidance, we always try to carve that out to explain it, not just to say, "Here's the core, everything we have before the acquisition and then whatever the effects are of the acquisitions going forward." When I look at the margin expansion, we laid out at the Analyst Day roughly 50 basis points of margin expansion in the  on average over the three-year model is what was assumed in the base view. And along with that, we had assumptions on capital deployment assumptions on tax rate and so forth. And we've made some interesting decisions, right? What we want to do is always deliver excellent adjusted EPS growth and manage the business in the best possible way. When I look at the end market outlook, I feel very good about the growth prospects. And because we had very good opportunity to refinance our balance sheet during the course of Q3, and because our team was able to identify additional tax planning opportunities, we have very strong EPS growth set up for 2020. And we made a conscious decision to actually reinvest some of those savings, still deliver the same EPS growth, but come out with a basically 30 basis points of margin expansion relative to the 55 that we had explained at Analyst Day, a conscious choice, and Stephen laid out the details. Part of it was trading some short-term margins in our PCT franchise for a decade-long extension of the relationships, which is a great economic deal for the company. And the second was we made the decision because of the talent of our hourly workforce in the U.S. to reinvest additional funds in wage increases and to mitigate the increases in health care cost to that part of our population. And so we're taking a slower rate of margin expansion this year. And then I would expect that margins would be right back where the model was in 2021 and beyond. EPS, no factor one way or the other, just based on the other things that I just articulated.
Stephen Williamson: And Derik, just one thing to clarify the comment about the divestiture  the acquisition and the divestiture impact our margins and on gross margin. That 50 basis points is much, much smaller impact than Q4 on the bottom line in terms of our adjusted operating income. It's kind of  the gross margin profile of the acquisitions and the divestitures is really what's caused the dynamic there.
Derik De Bruin: And so how should we think about that gross margin target for 2020 since the three seems to be all over the place on a quarterly basis?
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So obviously, it will depend on the mix of actual revenues that comes in. But I think most of the margin expansion next year will be coming from leverage of SG&A, and roughly flat gross margins is probably a good selling point to think about for the year, those 30 basis points.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. Good. I got another follow-up. So it's been a long time since we've  I've really thought about thinking about NGS and Thermo. I hadn't really thought about Ion Torrent. You closed the Life deal. And so you've been investing more and doing more of that. I guess, can you sort of talk about where you're going for? And would you be interested in getting more into the research space versus the clinical space? I mean, there are some assets out there that are being kicked to the sidelines. I'm just sort of curious in terms of what your general plan is in that market and sort of like how you see that competitive dynamic shaking out given your very large competitors' footprint there?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Derik, thanks for the question. In terms of NGS, we have been very focused since 2014 on maximizing the impact of our NGS business. And we really have focused it on the oncology market. And you've seen, over the last five years or so, a steady stream of product launches that really have a benefit for clinical researchers and ultimately patients. And our technology uses less DNA sample to get a read relative to the alternatives on the market, and the ease of use is outstanding. And the Genexus platform, which we launched at AMP in November is being very well received in the market with incredible customer interest because you can change the way you think about how you treat a patient, which is as opposed to sending out a sample and getting a result two to three weeks later with an answer, you can come into work the next day and have your sequence completed. And an oncologist then can make a decision based on the information. That's what Genexus is all about. In terms of extending to other markets, our focus right now is really on oncology and some other applications within  where our NGS platform is outstanding, and that's where we kept our focus.
Derik De Bruin: And you signed an agreement with LabCorp in that market. And I'm just wondering, could  any idea  can you give us some idea on sort of what sort of volume LabCorp does in the sort of the NGS space?
Marc Casper: I mean, LabCorp obviously runs a huge number of NGS tests across their network. And I thought it was super exciting that roughly been six weeks of launch that they wanted to actually announce to the world their excitement about Genexus and using us to have that within their network. So I think that's a great opportunity. And the specifics, obviously, we're not going to get into, but it's a really nice win for both companies.
Derik De Bruin: And if I can squeeze in one more from a client. One investor wants to know what Thermo's exposure is in the Chinese hospital settings since obviously that's  people are not going there. Just any idea on which how your business sort of breaks down in China on that regard in diagnostics?
Marc Casper: Yes. If you think about the health care and diagnostics globally, it's 20% of our revenue. In China, it is actually less penetrated. So it's less than 20% of the Chinese revenue is going to be in the health care and diagnostics setting.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel from Cowen. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: Hey, good morning everybody. Thanks for taking the question. I'd like to start by going back to the slower-than-expected release of budget funding for capital equipment investment in China. Could you just provide a little more detail on which end markets? Have you recaptured that revenue in Q1 already? Or do you have visibility on recapturing that revenue soon? And how are you treating this dynamic in guidance? So let me pause there, and then we can go to the second topic.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Doug, thanks. In terms of the release of funds, 100% driven in government controlled-type entities. So we saw it in certain academic and government customers and in certain parts of the industrial market where they're Chinese state-owned enterprises, right? So a semiconductor fab that's owned by the Chinese government would be an example of an industrial and applied tech customer. In terms of the timing or assumption is that, that will work its way through during the course of the year, but we didn't assume that it would be immediately in the first quarter is the way I would think about it. In our guidance, what we've assumed for China is low double-digit growth is what we assumed in our full year guidance for China
Doug Schenkel: Okay, thank you for that. And it's a good segue to the second thing I wanted to unpack a little bit more, which is indeed guidance. So your first  your initial organic revenue growth target of 5% for the year is on the lower end of your long-term 5% to 7% target that you outlined at the Analyst Day over the summer. Given seemingly strong end market conditions and a lot of the momentum you've had for a little while now, is this just beginning of the year conservatism? Or is this just kind of what you'd expect in terms of a trend towards normalizing towards the mean after a couple of really strong years? And then I guess, just to layer in one more element to the question, and I apologize if I've missed this in your prepared remarks, but could you just share what your assumptions for growth are in terms of what you built into 2020 revenue growth guidance by end market and geography? Thank you.
Marc Casper: So first of all, thanks for the question on guidance. I'm super excited about 2020. I mean, that is if you're going to take away the takeaway. So let me put them in context. The last three years, 2017, 2018 and 2019, have been very strong in our end markets and very strong performance of Thermo Fisher relative to those end markets as well. 2020, we expect to be exactly the same thing, another year of good end markets and share gain performance for the company. So we're expecting growth to be in line with the long-term model or consistent with that 5% to 7% organic growth. We're initiating with 5% because the way we think about the world is every year, there's some level of risk and every quarter that those risks don't materialize for our industry, they get retired and it gives you the opportunity to raise guidance as you go through the year. As a reminder, we started out with 5% guidance in 2019. We always were aspiring to deliver the best possible results. I feel great about the 6% that we delivered, and our posture here is the same. We're starting out within the range that we said we would do with the goal as the year unfolds to be able to continue to move higher and higher in that 5% to 7% range. So hopefully, that gives you a sense. And then a little bit of commentary on some of the details on the growth around that. You're going to have pharma and biotech with high single-digit growth. You're going to see mid-single-digit growth in the health care and diagnostics, low single digit in academic, government and industrial applied end markets would  will give you the drivers of where our growth is going to come from.
Doug Schenkel: Great, thanks again.
Marc Casper: Youre welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Just on the Q1 commentary on the guidance here. Think I heard you say couple of hundred basis points below the year. I'm just curious on was there any days impact or I'm not sure what drives that Q1 below trend?
Stephen Williamson: Yes, Vijay. So the one less selling day in Q1, that's just under 1 point of headwind from that. And then it's really the comps from the Analytical Instruments business, particularly electron microscopy. Those will be the driver  yes, the piece to it.
Vijay Kumar: Got it. Then Marc, one big picture question for you. Looking at the cash flow assumptions here, $4.5 billion free cash. You have $2 billion plus existing, but the share repo is just $1.5 billion. That's a significant amount of cash for Thermo. It's been an unusual year for Thermo from a cap deployment perspective. Any thoughts on sort of how the M&A funnel is looking  shaping up to be and thoughts on the cash burn on the balance sheet?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Vijay, thanks for the question. So from a capital deployment perspective, looking back and then looking forward, last year played out well from my perspective, which was we set out the very beginning of the year the goal of finishing the strengthening of the balance sheet from the very active period we had before that. So we did some refinancing. We returned $1.8 billion of capital to our shareholders through buybacks and dividends. We deployed $1.8 billion in terms of M&A. And as we  and we generated the cash flow. So as I look to this year, we obviously have a very strong balance sheet. We have a significant amount of capacity. We continue to have a very active M&A pipeline. And as you know, we operate in a very fragmented industry. So plenty of things that we look at. And we'll only pursue things that we feel are aligned with our strategy and create shareholder value. Our return assumption is basically $1.5 billion in buybacks, about $350 million in dividends, which means that what's not on our EPS numbers is just additional deployment of capital, whether it's return or buybacks  return or M&A or a combination of the two beyond that. And that's the convention that we've always used, which is as the year unfolds, we'll see what the best opportunity is for our shareholders. And we'll deploy most likely in some way and then we'll update you on the impacts to our EPS guidance based on whatever decisions we make as the year unfolds.
Vijay Kumar: Thanks for clarifying, Marc.
Marc Casper: Youre welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Beuchaw from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Stephen Beuchaw: Hi, good morning and thanks for the time here. First, I wanted to drill in just a bit on broader biopharma, and maybe a two-parter. I wonder if you could give us a sense for around the 4Q and year-end, how you saw hardware purchasing dynamics in pharma, specifically relative to the last two, three years. And then prospectively, for pharma in 2020, how do you imagine the hardware component of the pharma growth outlook looks like, whether it's in research it's in research settings or in bioprocess? And then I have one much simpler follow-up.
Marc Casper: So, Steve, thanks for the question. When I think about the pharma and biotech performance, really a fantastic year for the company, continuing the trend of many fantastic years. For the year, we had double-digit growth. And when I look at the performance, it was really across the entire portfolio. We saw strength in bioproduction, biosciences, pharma services, analytical instruments in the research and safety market channel. If I left something out, it's not deliberately, and it's due to the sense of broad-based strength across the portfolio. We had a good quarter and a good year in capital equipment to the biotech and pharmaceutical spending. So no change in trajectory there. And we're starting out with a high single-digit growth guidance for pharma and biotech as the initial starting point. So we're expecting strong performance. And if you go back over the last few years, we had historically started out with mid-single to high single-digit growth, and we feel comfortable starting out with high single-digit growth based on the momentum we have in the portfolio. So that's how I would think about it. Nothing particular on capital, I don't really track year-end spend by subsegment so much. I think about year-end spends that are more across the portfolio. And we saw last year playing out in line with our guidance that we had all year, which was a normal year-end spend with some customers having very strong year-end money but others, kind of business as usual, and that kind of averages out in the long run. As a reminder, the previous two years were very strong year-end spends. And from recollection, I think 2016 was a below-average year in spend. And so it varies, but it took  it played out last year in line with our guidance.
Stephen Beuchaw: Okay, much appreciated. And then just a couple of fine points. Within the broader pharma outlook, it's safe to say we can hold up double-digit growth in bioprocess, just as a follow-up to that prior. And then I wonder if you could speak to how things played out over the course of 2019 and how you're thinking about 2020 as it relates to, at the corporate level, price increases year-on-year. And then going into the year, given some of the broader trade dynamics, there was an initiative to look at accelerated pricing. How did that play out? And are we back to normal in 2020? Thanks again.
Marc Casper: Yes. So I'll take biologics and then Stephen will cover the pricing. On bioprocess, we had very strong growth. A couple of companies have reported prior to us, and we continue to perform a little north of the levels that others have performed there.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. And pricing played out as we had expected in the year, so a good year for pricing, over 1% of price overall offsetting, in fact, the tariffs. So that was really the goal there. And going forward, I generally project kind of just  like between 0.5% and 1% price as we think about the company's performance in 2020.
Stephen Beuchaw: Thank you.
Marc Casper: Operator, we have time for just one quick one.
Operator: Okay. Our final question will come from the line of Dan Arias from Stifel. Your line is open.
Dan Arias: Good morning. Thanks guys. Stephen, on Brammer, just to follow up on the margins there. Can you just touch on the impact of that business on overall margins over time? I think that goes from dilutive to accretive at some point, but I was just hoping you could confirm that. But then also just clarify the timing around that if that is true.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. Just on the Brammer margins, we expect it to be just under the company average for the full year 2020. So we'd be getting it up to the decent level at the end of the year. So think about going into 2020, that's right at that pace.
Dan Arias: Okay. And then, may be Marc, it's  I'm sure, a little hard to do, but just given how meaningful it seems like it's been for you guys, are you able to quantify what you think share gains have meant for growth over the last year or so?
Marc Casper: Yes. We had  if  we had 6% organic growth for the year. We obviously don't have the benefit of everybody reporting, but that's a very solid performance. And when we compare the pieces relative to others, we expect that our share gain will be better than the 1% in terms of growth. And we'll have good clarity on that in the next week or two. So another strong year. So Dan, thanks for the question.
Marc Casper: Let me wrap it up here. So first, thank you. We're pleased to deliver really another excellent year. But we're much more excited about what the opportunities that sit ahead of us. And we look forward to updating you on the course  over the course of 2020. So thanks for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific, and look forward to seeing you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2019 Third Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth Apicerno: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors Section of our website thermofisher.com under the heading Webcasts and Presentations until November 8, 2019. A copy of the press release of our third quarter 2019 earnings and future expectations is available in the Investors Section of our website under the heading Financial Results. So, before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the Companys future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Companys quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 29, 2019 under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is also available in the Investor section of our website under the heading SEC filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change, therefore you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during this call, we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our third quarter 2019 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So with that, I will now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thank you, Ken. Hello and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our Q3 call. We delivered another great quarter, achieving strong financial performance, while continuing to effectively execute our growth strategy to make Thermo Fisher Scientific an even stronger partner for our customers. As you saw in our press release, we delivered excellent revenue and earnings growth. It was another active quarter for new product innovation and we expanded our global capabilities to enhance our unique customer value proposition. We also continue to execute our capital deployment strategy, completing strategic M&A to further strengthening our offering and returning capital to shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends. We carried our strong growth momentum into Q3 by capitalizing on the continued strength of our end markets and the opportunities we had to gain share with our customers. We have a lot of highlights to cover this morning, so let me begin with an overview of our Q3 financial performance. First, we delivered excellent growth in adjusted EPS achieving a 12% increase to $2.94 per share. Our revenue in Q3 increased to $6.27 billion, growing 6% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income increased 9% to $1.42 billion and we expanded our adjusted operating margin by 60 basis points to 22.7% in the third quarter. So by all measures, it was another excellent quarter for us. Now, I will give you more color on the quarter, starting with an overview of our performance in our end markets. In Q3 market conditions continued to be strong and we delivered excellent growth. In pharma and biotech, we had very strong performance in Q3, we delivered another quarter of double-digit growth with strength across all of our businesses serving this end market. We continued our excellent momentum here by leveraging our unique value proposition to help our customers accelerate their innovation pipelines and increase productivity. In academic and government, we delivered mid single-digit growth in Q3, and so good growth in this end market across all of our major geographies. Turning to industrial and applied, as we expected, growth here was flat in the quarter due to the very strong growth we delivered in Q3 last year in our industrially focused businesses. It was good to see continued strong demand in our chromatography and mass spectrometry business from this customer set. Finally, in diagnostics and healthcare, we grew in the high single-digits in Q3. We saw broad-based growth in our businesses serving this end market led by transplant diagnostics and immunodiagnostics. So in summary, our teams continue to successfully execute our growth strategy, we are clearly gaining market share and that is reflected in our strong results. That is a good segue to a more detailed discussion of our growth strategy, which as you know, consists of three elements. Continuously developing high impact innovative new products, leveraging our scale in the high growth and emerging markets and delivering a unique value proposition to our customers. We continue to make great progress in each of these areas in Q3 and then I will cover some of the highlights. First, in terms of new product innovation, we are focused on creating significant value from our leading R&D investments. We are committed to helping our customers advance their work by continuously raising the bar on speed, accuracy and ease of use. Q3 was another productive quarter for innovation and we kicked it off with a strong showing a two major industry conferences in early August. First, at the American Association for Clinical Chemistry, we launched new analytical instruments for the diagnostic laboratory that ultimately help clinicians make better decisions for their patients. Our Thermo Scientific portfolio of USFDA-Class 1 medical devices now includes three new systems. The TSQ Altis and Quantis MD mass spectrometers and the Vanquish MD HPLC. These instruments help customers and clinical labs meet their goals for sensitivity and throughput in a regulated environment. Second, during Microscopy & Microanalysis conference we unveiled a new generation Krios instrument in our Cryo-EM platform for structural biology applications. The Krios G4 makes it possible to obtain high resolution images of increasingly smaller protein structures and with greater throughput and reliability. This instrument expands the market and structural biology by adding new performance features that makes it easier to operate for both new and experienced users. In addition, with its more compact size, the Krios G4 fits into a standardized lab. These benefits will make the cutting-edge technology accessible to a broader customer base. We also had exciting new product launches in our Life Science Solutions segment, let me highlight a couple. We have been leveraging our deep expertise in genetic sciences to expand our offering for molecular diagnostics. A good example from the quarter was our real-time PCR pathogen detection system, it improves the diagnosis of respiratory infections and leads to better decisions about antibiotic treatment. And finally, to meet increasing demand for greater efficiency and bioproduction, we launched a scalable bioreactor workflow called Thermo Scientific TruBio Discovery Automation System. This solution connects bioreactors, controllers, and software to help customers more easily transfer data and accelerate scale up as they move from research to clinical trials and into commercialization. Turning to the second element of our growth strategy, leveraging our scale in the high growth and emerging markets, we continue to capitalize on our industry-leading presence to drive growth. We reported strong performance in these regions in Q3, led by 30% growth in China. Our industry is perfectly aligned with the government priorities in China's five-year plan and that continues to create many opportunities for us. Our outlook there remains very positive and we continue to invest to best serve our customers and distance ourselves from the competition. For example, in Q3, we enhanced our pharma services from biosciences capabilities to serve the growing biopharmaceutical industry in China. In Suzhou, we expanded our clinical trials capabilities to support the growing number of studies being conducted in China. This new facility further strengthens our pharma services offering in the region where we have been successfully serving the growing pharma and biotech industry for quite some time. It will provide high quality primary and secondary packaging solutions for these customers and ultimately patients who are undergoing clinical trials. As China encourages the formation of an innovation driven by our pharma industry locally, we see exciting prospects for continued growth. With this investment, Suzhou will become Thermo Fisher's largest clinical trials logistics facility in the region. It's part of our strategy to create an integrated clinical supply chain network in China, with a focus on quality, cold chain logistics and advanced packaging and distribution. In Shanghai, we opened a Biosciences Customer Exploration Center to help scientists accelerate disease and translational research. It consists of two showcase Thermo Fisher laboratories that demonstrate our complete workflow solutions for diagnostics development, immuno-oncology and disease modeling. This center will serve as a hub for customers to gain hands-on product experience, customized application development and technical training. Life sciences and healthcare continue to be key focus areas for the Chinese Government and these new capabilities enhance our already strong position in serving the needs of our customers there. The third element of our growth strategy is our unique customer value proposition. Our leading scale and depth of capabilities puts us in an excellent position to gain share and it's clear that our value proposition is resonating well with our customers. To position our Company for future growth, we continue to increase our capabilities both organically and inorganically. I will cover the quarter acquisition of my capital deployment update. But in terms of organic developments, I mentioned three highlights from the quarter that I participated in. In our pharma services business, you may recall, that we announced a major expansion of our biologics facility in St Louis, Missouri, last spring. I recently visited the site and I had the chance to recognize the team for completing the first GMP batch since the expansion was completed. Going from breaking ground to shipping product in 18 months is an impressive accomplishment for a biologics facility. The St. Louis expansion has greatly increased our production capacity to support our global biologics network. This site is now the largest CDMO in North America based on single-use bioproduction platform, which is a showcase of Thermo Fisher bioreactors single-use technologies and automated workflows. I also had the opportunity to go to Greenville, North Carolina's pharma services facility for the opening of our new training center in Q3. This innovative center is equipped with virtual and augmented reality technologies. The goal is to more effectively onboard and train colleagues who work on sterile injectable production lines, which are complex and require extensive training. These cutting-edge tools not only give operators the required level of proficiency in a much less time, but also benefit customers by increasing quality and efficiency. This is a great example of how we invest organically, to differentiate ourselves from other CDMOs and our customer's own internal capabilities. Last, I attended the grand opening of our new transplant diagnostics center of excellence in West Hills, California. We brought our research, manufacturing and distribution capabilities together at this site to more effectively meet the needs of our customers and the patients they serve. It was great to hear firsthand from transplant patients and their families about the impact we are having by providing diagnostic tools that effectively match transplant donors and recipients. I'm now going to give you an update on our capital deployment activities. We continue to successfully execute our disciplined strategy, which as you know is a combination of strategic M&A and returning capital to our shareholders. In terms of M&A, let me start with an update on our acquisition of Brammer Bio. This is a viral vector CDMO that we acquired in Q2. The integration is going very well and the business is off to a good start as part of Thermo Fisher. Our product businesses serving the gene therapy market are already benefiting from the deep expertise that Brammer Bio brings to our Company. We also completed our acquisition of the GlaxoSmithKline site in Cork, Ireland, right after quarter-end. This site produces active pharmaceutical ingredients or APIs that are used to treat diseases including childhood cancers, depression and Parkinson's. The court site is capacity to our API network to support customer demand and we are very pleased to welcome 400 new colleagues to Thermo Fisher. We are excited about the prospects for the site and look forward to leveraging this world-class facility to capitalize on growing demand for API development and production. Looking forward, our M&A pipeline continues to be very active and we remain disciplined stewards of capital. From a return on capital perspective, in addition to our dividend in Q3, we repurchased $750 million of our stock just after quarter-end. One final comment on capital deployment. After quarter -end, we refinanced $5.6 billion of debt. Our unique scale and financial track record allowed us to complete a very attractive refinancing of our debt portfolio to further strengthen our Company and create shareholder value. With that I would like to review our 2018 guidance at a high level. As you saw our press release, we are raising both our revenue and earnings guidance for the full-year. The increase is based primarily on our strong Q3 operational performance and also the benefits of our refinancing activities. We are raising our revenue to a new range of $25.34 billion to $25.50 billion, which would result in 4% to 5% revenue growth over 2018. In terms of our adjusted EPS, we are raising our guidance to a new range of $12.28 to $12.34, which represents 10% to 11% growth year-over-year. So to summarize our key takeaways from Q3, we executed very well to continue our growth momentum and delivered excellent revenue and earnings performance. We launched new products and expanded our capabilities to enhance our customer value proposition and we also continue to execute our disciplined capital deployment strategy to create value for our customers and our shareholders. With that, I will turn the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson.  Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Mark, and good morning everyone. I will begin by taking you through an overview of our third quarter results for the total Company, then provide color on our four business segments and conclude by reviewing our updated 2019 full-year guidance. Before I get into the details of our financial performance, let me provide a high level view of how the third quarter played out versus our expectations at the time of our last earnings call in July. As you saw in our press release, we delivered a very strong quarter in Q3 with 7% organic growth and 12% increase in adjusted earnings per share. The 7% organic growth was approximately $90 million more than we would assumed in our prior guidance. Adjusted EPS was $0.09 higher than we had assumed at the midpoint of our previous guidance. This was driven by $0.06 from strong operational performance and $0.03 from a less adverse FX environment. So another excellent quarter for the Company. Now let me provide more detail on the quarter. Starting with our total Company financial performance. In Q3, we grew adjusted EPS by 12% to $2.94. GAAP EPS in the quarter was $1.88 up 7% from Q3 last year. On the top-line, our reported revenue grew 6% year-over-year. The components of our Q3 reported revenue increase included 7% organic growth, 1% contribution from acquisitions, 1% headwind from foreign exchange, and a decrease of 1% due to the divestiture of our Anatomical Pathology business. Turning to our growth by geography, North America grew in the mid-single digits, Europe grew in the high single-digits, Asia-Pacific also grew in the high single-digits, with China growing at 13%, and rest of the world grew in the low single-digits. Looking at our operational performance, Q3 adjusted operating income increased 9% and adjusted operating margin was 27%, up 60 basis points from Q3 2018. We delivered strong productivity and volume pull through offset in part by strategic investments and unfavorable business mix. The headwind from foreign exchange in Q3 was just over 1% on revenue and adjusted operating income, but there was no material impact from FX on adjusted operating margin expansion or adjusted EPS in the quarter. As a reminder, the sale of the Anatomical Pathology business was completed last quarter. The impact of the divestiture on Q3 with a $55 million reduction in revenue, $20 million of adjusted operating income and just over 10 basis points of adjusted operating margin and $0.04 of adjusted EPS. Moving on to the details of the P&L, total Company adjusted gross margin in Q3 was 46.1%, down 10 basis points from the prior year. In the quarter, strong productivity was up offset by strategic investments and unfavorable business mix. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 19.5% of revenue, an improvement of 60 basis points versus Q3 2018. Total R&D expense came in at 3.9% of revenue, R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue in Q3 was 6.6%. Looking at our results below the line for the quarter, our net interest expense was $111 million, down approximately $10 million from Q3 last year, driven primarily by debt reduction. Adjusted other income and expense was a net income in the quarter of $26 million, which is higher than Q3 2018, primarily due to changes in non-operating foreign exchange. Our Q3 adjusted tax rate was 11.2% which is 30 basis points lower in Q3 2018. Q3 average diluted shares were $404 million, which was $2 million lower year-over-year mainly as a result of the share buybacks, partially offset by option dilution. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, cash flow from continuing operations for the first nine-months of the year with $3.1 billion and free cash flow was $2.4 billion after deducting net capital expenditures of $619 million. We ended the quarter with $1.3 billion in cash and investments. Early in Q4, we repurchased 750 million of our shares, and trade $750 million of our shares bringing our total repurchases for 2019 to $1.5 billion. In Q3, we returned $76 million to shareholders through dividends. Now turning to our debt portfolio. During Q3, our total debt reduced $2 billion to $17.1 billion driven by a strong year-to-date cash flow generation. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 2.6 times total debt to adjusted EBITDA, down from three times at the end of last quarter. In addition, as Mark mentioned earlier, we recently completed refinancing $5.6 billion of our debt. The new debt has an average maturity of 15 years and an all in average interest cost of 1.48%, which is half the current adjusted P&L cost of the debt that it replaced. This represents an interest saving of approximately $20 million per quarter for our adjusted P&L. And wrapping up my comments on our total Company performance, adjusted ROIC increased to 11.6%, up 120 basis points from Q3 of last year. We continue to drive excellent returns on investment. Now I will provide you with some color on the third quarter performance of our four business segments, starting with the Life Science Solutions Segment. In Q3 both reported an organic revenue growth of 13%. We saw very good growth across the segments led by our bioproduction and biosciences businesses. Q3 adjusted operating income in Life Time Solutions increased 19% and adjusted operating margin was 34.5%, up 160 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we drove very strong volume pull through which is partially offset by strategic investments. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue increased 2% in Q3 and organic revenue growth was 3%. Growth in the segment was led by the chroma and mass spec business. Q3 adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments increased 6% and adjusted operating margin was 23%, up 100 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we saw a very strong productivity. This was partially offset by unfavorable business mix and strategic investments. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics Segment, as a reminder, this is the segment that used to include the Anatomical Pathology business that we divested last quarter. In Q3, total revenue declined 2%, organic revenue growth in this segment was 7%. We had good growth across the segment led by the transplant diagnostics and immunodiagnostics. Adjusted operating income was flat the prior-year due to an 8% impact from the divestiture. Adjusted operating margin was 25.3%, up 30 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we saw a strong volume pull through in productivity, which was partially offset by strategic investments, unfavorable business mix and a 50 basis points impact from the sale of the Anatomical Pathology business. Finally, in the Laboratory Products and Services segment, both reported and organic revenue growth was 6%. We saw strong growth this quarter across the segment led by our pharma services business. Adjusted operating income in this segment increased 1% and adjusted operating margin was 11.6%, which is 50 basis points lower than prior-year. In the quarter, we saw strong productivity and volume leverage, which is offset by strategic investments and unfavorable business mix. Now I would like to move on to our updated full-year 2019 guidance. As you saw in our press release, and as Marc mentioned earlier, we are raising both our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance. Let me walk you through the details. I will begin with revenue, we are raising the midpoint of our revenue guidance by $20 million and tightening the range by $40 million. The $20 million increase in the midpoint consists of three elements. First, a $19 million increase in our organic growth outlook for the year, which reflects the strong Q3 performance and no change in our assumptions for Q4. This increases our organic growth outlook for the full-year to 6%. The second element is $90 million, a more adverse FX versus our previous guidance, and the third element is an addition of $20 million of revenue to reflect the acquisition of the Cork, Ireland API facility. Turning to adjusted earnings per share. We are increasing the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.10 and tightening the range by $0.04. The $0.10 increase to the midpoint consists of four elements, a $0.06 increase from the strong Q3 operational performance; $0.04 increase to reflect lower interest expense. As a result of our recent debt refinancing; a $0.02 increase to reflect the benefit of the share repurchases we undertook in early Q4, and a $0.02 reduction to account for a more adverse FX environment versus our previous guidance. Let me give you a bit more detail on this change, the $0.02 reduction is comprised of a $0.03 benefit in Q3, a $0.05 reduction in Q4 relative to our prior guidance to foreign exchange. To sum it up, our 2019 revenue guidance is now a range of $25.34 billion to $25.50 billion, which would represent 4% to 5% reported growth versus 2018 and 6% organic growth. And our adjusted EPS guidance for 2019 is now a range of $12.28 and $12.34 which represent growth of 10% to 11% versus 2018. Adjusted operating margin is now expected to be about 23.5% which will result in margin expansion of 40 basis points to 50 basis points. A few of the details behind the revised 2019 guidance. Starting with FX, the mix of FX rate changes since our last guidance had an adverse $90 million net impact on full-year revenue, a $30 million adverse impact from adjusted operating income and a $20 million positive impact below the line. So for the full-year we now assume that FX will have a negative impact of approximately $500 million in revenue or about 2%, 10 basis points of margin and $0.25 or 2.2% on our adjusted EPS. Next, we continue to expect the year-over-year gross tariffs impact to be approximately $30 million, which is just over 10 basis points of margin impact and approximately $0.07 of adjusted EPS, no change from our previous guidance. Moving below the line, we are now assuming year-end debt will be approximately $17.5 billion. Our net interest expense will be about $450 million, down $20 million from the prior guidance reflecting the benefit of our recent debt refinancing. And we are assuming other net income will be about $60 million, which is approximately $20 million higher than our July guidance reflecting additional benefit of non-operating FX realized in Q3. We continue to expect the 2019 adjusted tax rate to be 11%, unchanged from our previous guidance. We are continuing to assume net capital expenditures will be between $925 million and $975 million for the year. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $4.1 billion, no change from previous guidance. We assume a return about $300 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends, no change from our previous guidance and we now estimate our full-year average diluted shares will be approximately $403 million, approximately $1 million lower than our previous guidance reflecting the recently completed share buybacks. My guidance does not assume any additional share buybacks this year and does not include any future acquisitions or divestitures. In summary, we continue the strong performance we delivered in the first half of the year and achieved an excellent third quarter. We are very well positioned to achieve our goals for the year. With that, I will turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth Apicerno: Thanks, Stephen. Operator, we are ready to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JP Morgan. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Hi, thanks, and congrats on the quarter. I want to start with the fourth quarter guide, the comp is slightly easier sequentially. I'm just wondering, with the 5% guidance, is there any kind of macro deterioration that you are factoring in there or is it just maybe some prudent conservatism.
Marc Casper: Tycho, thanks for the question. When you look at the assumption for the fourth quarter, it remains identical to what we started with the original part of the year back in January and to all the subsequent guidance which is assuming the normal year end pattern budget spending. So, as a reminder, the last couple of years 2017 and 2018, we had above average or strong year-end spend, and you don't get visibility to that, and so very late in the quarter. So, our convention has been normal year-end, is what we are assumed in our guidance and that positions that is the way the year plays out, that we will have delivered a fantastic year. If you get another very strong finish from budget flush, then it will be an even better year in terms of performance. So that is how we are thinking about it and we are not seeing anything in the macro environment that is giving us a change to Q4 from like a negative or conservative viewpoint.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then for the follow-up on biomanufacturing, obviously you are putting up great numbers there. We did hear from one of your peers yesterday about some potential concerns over capacity in particular around biosimilars. So I'm curious, if you could comment on your thoughts there on capacity for the industry right now. And then as we think about cell and gene therapy separately, obviously there have been some mixed data points around the Sarepta denial and that [indiscernible] Spark. But I'm just curious if the pipeline there is still very robust around Brammer. If you could comment on that? Thanks.
Marc Casper: Yes, so Tycho thanks for the question. So our bioproduction business is doing great. Right. And it really is performing at a very high level. Our customers appreciate the strong positions we have in cell culture media and single use technologies where we are the industry leader. We had a great quarter. So that is continuing. In terms of how we see the market, we have all the companies so we have the best insight, because we have our bioproduction business, which gives you one lines. We obviously have a biologic CDMO which gives you other lines, and then we have these very deep relationships across the biotech and pharmaceutical industry. And what we are seeing is a very robust pipeline of activity. So we feel good about what the future holds. In terms of cell and gene therapy, these are young industry, and you are going to see individual Company volatility, but the promise around cell therapy and gene therapy continues to be very strong and we are very excited about our competitive position, both in our pharma services business as well as our product businesses serving that market. So we feel good about the outlook there. Thanks Tycho for the questions.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to start with the China region, so 13% growth was right around what we are looking for, but obviously been a little bit more noise, which has come out. So I was just wondering as you looked across the businesses. Are there any areas where you have any concerns or what are some of the areas that are doing better, are there any areas that are doing weaker, if you just walk us through it, that would be great?
Marc Casper: Jack, good morning and thanks for the question. In terms of China, another excellent quarter, right. When I look at how we have been performing very strong. Our customers value the capabilities that we bring to the Chinese market and our industry continues to be so incredibly well aligned with the government priorities around their five-year plan, which is we enable environmental protection, the expansion of the healthcare system, building an innovative pharma industry. Those are all things that our technologies across our industry benefit front Thermo Fisher, as the industry leader, and a very unique competitive position that we have in China positioned us even better in terms of our performance and you see that in our results. In terms of the details of what is going on in China, really conditions continue to be very, very similar to what we have seen in the last couple of years. And as a reminder, the comparisons in our industrial business also play true in China, meaning that we had a very, very strong year end finish, the second half of last year in the industrial businesses globally. So we have a difficult comparison there and you see that in the results across industrial end markets. But you see that in China a little bit as well. So the 30%, very strong growth we are on track to deliver mid-teens growth for the year. So where we will see it.
Jack Meehan: Great. And then just as a follow-up on the Analytical Instruments business , the underlying growth even if you adjust for some of the timing dynamics seem to moderate a little bit, could you walk us through what are you seeing in terms of the market, in terms of the macro versus share gain in terms of certain products and then finally I didn't hear electron microscopy get called out, just how are you threading the needle between Semi versus Cryo there would be helpful. Thanks.
Marc Casper: Yes. So it's a good question. Jack, in terms of Analytical Instruments. That is the segment where we have our most industrial exposure in terms of our business with most industrial exposure and we had a very strong second half last year in electron microscopy and chemical analysis. So we expected and we have been articulating since the begin the year that we expected the second half in our industrial businesses to have more muted growth because of the challenging performance -- the challenging comps against the amazing performance we have last year. So that is kind of the context. When I think about the more detail below that, the chrome and mass spec business continues to perform at a good level. Obviously, others have not reported in our industry yet, we are first of the major companies. So it's hard to know exactly what our results are versus others, but based on the customer feedback we have, we feel very good that Q3 was another excellent quarter of share gains there. So, that will be validated in the next week or so. In terms of electron microscopy, the long-term outlook for our business is outstanding. We have great interest both in our materials science applications ranging from battery development, semiconductor, advanced materials through the Life Sciences applications. So when I think about where that business is long-term prospects are continues to be mid to high single-digit growth business over the long term. So we feel good about our position in Analytical Instruments and how we are performing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a really nice spring here. Marc maybe going back to that Life Science question biopharma, bioproduction really strong, but we are seeing both the stack, double-stack acceleration here in a quarter-on-quarter accelerating, maybe can you parse out what - is this an end market growth versus how much of this Thermo just because of scale may be outperforming the markets, and I think you also mentioned in LPS, your services business is up strong, but what about the non-services business, maybe just commentary on those end markets, I think would be helpful starting point.
Marc Casper: Sure. So Vijay thanks for the question. First of all, pharma, biotech is a setback from on how we are doing another quarter of double-digit growth consistent what we have seen now for a number of quarters. The markets are good, but our competitive position is truly unique and we are clearly growing faster than the industry and gaining market share, and that is because our customers understand that we really do have a unique value proposition that helps them to accelerate their innovation and at the same point help them drive their productivity and all of our businesses did well, serving that customer set. So we feel good about that and as I highlighted earlier bioproduction continues to perform at a very, very high level also, so pharma biotech continues to be very good. When I think about some of the other segments Lab Products and Services. And when I think about that across all of the businesses there, which includes our lab products businesses, our pharma services business and our channel business. They all had very solid quarters with good growth. So nothing particularly differentiated between those businesses, they all had strong quarters on the top-line.
Vijay Kumar: Thanks. And then maybe one big picture question, you guys have been phenomenal. When it comes to capital deployment over the years. Just given where the rate environment is when you look at valuations across the sector. Maybe, a talk about how the funnel is looking and appetite for M&A.
Marc Casper: So, thanks. No, in terms of capital deployment. we have a very active funnel, right and it continues to be very active. And the way we think about it is we have a very disciplined process and where we have been really successful is doing the right transactions that is very much valued by our customers, strengthening the Companys long-term strategic position, and ultimately creates meaningful shareholder value. And when I look at the pipeline, I feel very good about what the prospects are there. And the key for us is that, we have always been disciplined and we always will be disciplined, right. So, we will do the right things. And when I think about this year, what a great year in terms of strengthening the balance sheet for the long term, right. With getting an average duration of 15 years on our new debt. And doing that, have the interest costs that positions us well. It gives us tremendous financial flexibility. And at the same point, we have done one mid-sized bolt-on in Brammer, we have done the Cork acquisition, a few small deals as well, and cleaned up one aspect of our portfolio, which was selling off the Anatomical Pathology business. So, so a very solid year there, we have returned capital as well and I feel great about what the M&A pipeline looks like.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin from Bank of America, Merrill Lynch. Go ahead please, your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: Stephen, I have a question for you. So, ever since you guys bought Patheon, you the street seems to be mis-modeling your gross margin number. I mean, every quarter I get a call that, "Your Thermo BDPS" and I have to have a conversation about how other gross margin numbers came in lower and like that. And so I think there just seems to be some mis-modeling that goes on with this. Can you just sort of walk people through the dynamics on the gross margin line and sort of how the mix and plax everything like this. And it's ultimately it's a question on how should we think about on any one quarter, sort of like year-over-year gross margin expansion or how to look at it like that. Because there is consistently this, this debate we have every quarter on what the right margin number is, and sort of like how to model it.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, Derik. Thanks for the question. So we will take a long look back. So, yes, so Patheon is a scale business with significantly lower gross margins on the average for the Company. So to the year the anniversary is back into our numbers that you saw that for a 12-months, over four quarters of some pressure on reported gross margins, still a good business performance on the line that in the Pharma Services business. And then the mix of our revenues been such that the lower gross margin businesses in the Company, but lower cost to serve below that, there is still decent profit margin businesses have been growing the fastest. So bio-production and then the channel business and then pharma services is also growing very well, as well. So that is a continued pressure on reported margins, but still very good in terms of generation of adjusted operating income dollars. So seeing that dynamic play out. And recently we are investing fairly significantly into our Pharma Services business for future revenue growth. So that is the one other elements. And then this quarter, and you will see it over the next couple is, we are selling the Anatomical Pathology Business, that also plus a little bit of pressure on the Companys gross margins on a reported basis. So when I think about modeling going forward. Well, I expect the Company to get some benefit in terms of margin expansion coming out of gross margins, but not significant, and that it's really SG&A leverage. With the strong revenue growth on the top-line that is really going to be driving the overall operating margin expansion for the Company in terms of the long-term outlook for the next three years.
Derik De Bruin: Great, thanks for clarifying that. And you mentioned the Anatomical Pathology sale. Can you remind us how - a little bit hit on the margin. What was that sort of like that the drag on the gross margin? drag on the track and organic revenue growth on that business. And where I'm getting out, 7% growth in diagnostics in the quarter, very strong. How much of that was Anatomical coming out, plus how much of that was sort of like gains from some of the delays you had in the second quarter, just on incremental volume?
Stephen Williamson: So, Derik, in terms of the strong performance in healthcare and diagnostics and the strong performance in our Specialty Diagnostics business, we have really broad-based momentum, right in terms of really excellent growth in transplant, in immuno-diagnostics, and very strong performance in our healthcare market channel. So the divestiture of Anatomical Pathology, which was a slower growing business, actually had a minimal impact on the organic growth performance.
Marc Casper: And offset the tailwinds from Q2 in terms of the revenue that was delayed in terms of shipments there. But not a significant impact overall when you look on a net basis.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And if I can continue. Since you mentioned transplant diagnostics, which is haven't really talked about that for a while. As I think back, there was a time a couple of years ago when people were worried that One Lambda was going to get waked from next-gen sequencing coming into the market. And obviously you are now opening new facilities. Can you talk about how sort of that has expanded. I'm just very curious to see that, because I remember that was a debate we had several years ago with people.
Marc Casper: Yes, so in terms of transplant diagnostics incredibly important capabilities that we serve the healthcare community globally, which is we help match recipients with donors and we help clinicians monitor transplant health, right in terms of organ acceptance or rejection, right. So critical part of the medical decision on process there. But business has performed well. It's highly profitable, it's been good growth. And truly an inspirational opportunity. I love what I do, but the opportunity to talk to patients that recognize the role we play, the doctors that make those decisions, the laboratorians that do the work to match the recipients with the donors. I had that opportunity in August when we opened up our new facility in West Hills, which is an amazing set of capabilities. We have hundreds of people attending, it was really an awesome experience. And highlights the competitive advantage we have. Right, there wasn't a customer but didn't leave there saying, okay, this is the industry leader investing for a bright future. We have our next-gen sequencing workflows by the way in transplant diagnostics. So we have made that transition as well and we continue to be very strong performance there.
Derik De Bruin: And then, I just one follow-up. Since I will to take advantage of being on the call here. You know one of your competitors has been making a big push into the third-party services market. Can you sort of talk about your Unity Lab Services business and sort of like the dynamics and industry, and what is going on with it. It's one of those areas we are just, we really have a lot of visibility. And so I'm just sort of trying to reconcile that with, with some of the, some of the trends and commentary from some of the other competitors.
Marc Casper: It's performing well, it's growing, probably grew around the Company average. Probably a lot higher somewhere in that range, so performing at a good level . [indiscernible] our customers, we wind up with a large number of our colleagues working at our customer site to ensure effectiveness of how they operate their laboratories and making sure they're getting great experiences with our products. And it's a good business in terms of building customer regions and continues to perform at a good level.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen & Company. Go ahead please, your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: Good morning and thank you. I want to talk about Europe run through a few Q3 clean-ups. And then just talk through a couple of year-end and to 2020 dynamics. So starting on Europe, in a quarter where you had strength in a lot of different areas. I would argue, one of the most surprising things was your robust revenue growth performance in Europe. Based on what we have read and heard from others, high single-digit growth is pretty impressive and surprising, especially given your high single-digit comp. Can you provide a bit more detail on Europe performance by segment and also share if there is anything interesting in terms of monthly cadence?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Doug, thanks for the question. You know, it's been interesting, right. If you read the sort of popular press about Europe, you have this for quite some time. You have this very bleak view, right sort of everything is slow and so forth. If you then look at our performance over the last number of years. Our performance in Europe is very strong. So, that is because our value proposition resonates, right, there is a big pharmaceutical industry presence there that we are very well positioned to serve. We have strong presence serving the diagnostics market, our high-end instrumentation is valued by customers, and the business is performing well. The high-single digit growth reflects very good performance of the team, and we have been delivering strong growth in Europe. So when we did our reviews with our European leadership and myself and members of our Company leadership team spent time with the commercial team at the end of the quarter in Europe and market conditions where we serve continue to be good, and our share gain momentum is excellent. So nothing really jumped out to me as being particularly surprising. I was just pleased with the job well done by the team.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, that is great. Now for the clean-ups, On the data storage outage. I just want to confirm was the impact of recapturing revenue lost in the second quarter about $50 million, and if so, would you break that down by segment and comment on whether or not there is anything more to recapture related to that between now and year-end.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, Doug. Thanks. So, as we outlined on the last call approximately $50 million of revenue shifted from Q2 to Q3. These orders that are ready to shift to customers right at the end of the quarter were delayed by the system average and then were shipped in early Q3. So that is basically across the line.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. And then the other clean up was on Bioprocessing. Just wondering if you could comment on whether or not our math is right, which leads us to conclude that you might have grown 20% to 25% in the quarter, are we in the right neighborhood?
Marc Casper: Yes, you are in the right neighborhood,
Doug Schenkel: Okay and then just - okay, it's a good neighborhood. Alright. And then just a couple of looking ahead questions . There has been, I guess the first one is, there is been lots of focus on the outlook for year-end budget flush. How important has a budget flush been to you the last few years and how important is it in the context of this year's guidance. So that is the first one on budget flush. The second is in terms of your visibility heading into 2020, do you think your customers are likely to complete 2020 planning and budgeting later than usual given the macro backdrop and just all the uncertainty out there, and if so, how does that impact your planning and then the third is kind of a higher level question for you, Marc. 10 to 15 years ago, if we were heading into an election year where there were heightened concerns about the environment for biotech and pharmaceutical companies regardless of size and then also by extension concerns about the availability of capital for relatively smaller but higher-growth emerging companies. I think it's fair to say a decade a decade and a half ago that we would be concerned about the possibility of a moderation and spending for that end market. We may be facing some of those dynamics looking ahead to 2020, is it fair to say that the complexion of your biopharma end market exposure or really just the overall nature of that end market has changed enough over the last decade, where you can say at these dynamics materialize that they'd be less problematic today for Thermo than they were 10 to 15 years ago. Thank you .
Marc Casper: Sure, great question. Let me take a shot at that and the first one is , customers do planning later macro environment. something I had a of a lot of doubt actually in preparation for this earnings call. And when I think back over the last two decades here, it actually doesn't feel that there is any more uncertainty or challenges then really the normal level of noise, right. I remember discussing terrorism risk and discussing dramatic changes in FX and sequestration, all of these things and when I sit there and say, yes, there is a lot - we have an administration that is very publicity oriented, but when I think about the big picture issues Science is great. The economy is pretty good around the world and our industry is doing very well. So when I think about planning, I think it's going to be pretty normal in terms of the process across the industry. In terms of, you know, biotech and funding and all of those things, the end market continues to be strong, the science is excellent, if you have a view and it might change [indiscernible], our Company mix has changed, right. If you think about a decade ago, our exposure in biotech and pharma would have been more purely on the research side of the equation, and today you have more of a balance with clinical trials, capabilities, development and production. So, the mix is different in that latter stage is typically stickier in terms of the movement. And then in terms of budget spending and so forth, something that it's hard to have a scientific view of it, our best view of the difference between a normal year and a strong year in terms of organic growth in the quarter, probably two points, meaning that, if you go from normal to strong about two points of growth, additional in that represents roughly half a point of growth for the full-year and that could be off a little bit, but it gives you at least the magnitude of the difference between normal and strong.
Stephen Williamson: Yes [indiscernible] about kind of planning and these environment. It's about being flexible and it's about iterative planning and making sure that you are up to date in terms of how you thinking about operating through an environment with things that change pretty rapidly. So, companies are becoming more and more used to that environment and operate accordingly.
Marc Casper: We are ready for the next question.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research. Go ahead please, your line is open.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi, good morning, thanks for the time here. I have one actually for Stephen, and then I will follow up with a broader question for Marc. Stephen, in obviously good reasons you guys have stepped up investments in CapEx for CDMO capacity and then broadly capital deployment for CDMO capacity. How should we think about modeling that over the next few years, are we stable at this new level or do we see growth over time in those investments?
Stephen Williamson: Steve, great question. If you want to think about the pharma services business. We have got great opportunities to capture long-term organic growth with the customers set that we have both large pharma and biotech and more biotech customers. So we recognize that and we are adding the right capacity and capabilities to help continue to fuel that growth for the long-term. So that gets us and we think about our business being kind of mid to high single-digit business and I'm putting investments to maintain at the high end of that level of growth. And if there are future opportunities that unfold themselves, to be able to get great returns and will add appropriately income to CapEx, you will see this year and next year slightly heightened level of CapEx in that business that links to these great, great customer prospects and we will see how that pans out from that going forward. But really, to maintain the great organic growth method .
Marc Casper: One thing I would add just kind of at one level off, which is - we did refinancing and it really a huge savings in our earnings. Right. And we took the $20 million of Q4 benefit to the bottom line. as I think about next year, we will have another $60 million benefit from the lower interest costs. We will likely reinvest a little more than half of that to continue to accelerate our growth momentum in not per se just in pharma services, but we have amazing prospects given our share momentum. So I think you will see us likely reinvest some of those savings into fueling continued amazing future for the Company.
Steve Beuchaw: Got it. Very, very helpful. And then, Marc, I wonder if you could talk about proteomics for a minute. I know there is again for good reason a lot of optimism about the growth trajectory there. But over the last, let's say nine-months or so there has been more competitive noise in this space and historically you've been not just a good grower, but a share gainer in proteomics. Can you talk about that trend and how, if at all, your view on those trends evolve downstream of the 2019 where some others have entered the space. Thanks a bunch.
Marc Casper: Yes, the business, our Orbitrap franchise is performing very well. And when I look at the product launches, we had it ASI American Society of Mass Spectrometry in Q2, very strong customer interest. We have had good order shipments, performing very well and there is always competition, but we are very well positioned to continue to drive growth. Funding in proteomics is very good. Right. It is, if you think about, you have the genomics revolution, proteomics is really where a huge level of funding is right now and looks to continue to have and we are the industry leader and well positioned to drive good growth in that part of our business.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay, I really appreciate all the color here.
Marc Casper: Thanks Steve. Yes. Operator, we have time for just one more.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Go ahead please, your line is open.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks, good morning. Marc, just curious if you could speak about Patheon to core growth in the third quarter and perhaps share an update on where you stand in terms of the revenue synergy pull through from that asset?
Marc Casper: Yes, so the integration is complete. The business is performing at an excellent level, we exceeded the cost synergies, really driven by excellent impact from our PPI Business System revenue synergies right on track. And interestingly enough, the funnel of wins, which is future revenue. You can see it in the number of expansions that we are announcing across our network that really is driven by revenue synergies, right. We basically have sold out our API network and we acquired the Cork facility. You saw us announce expansion of sterile [indiscernible] and biologics and networks and that really is just a reflection of how strong our customer interest is because of Thermo Fisher's reputation and the excellent performance from pharma services,. The business grew about the Company average in terms of our performance in the quarter.
Brandon Couillard: And last one for Stephen, can you just share net pricing in the quarter, and what you've baked in for the full year? Thanks.
Stephen Williamson: It's a net pricing continue to be good. So just under 1.5% across the Company and that is in line with how we would be performing for this year. So expect that to continue, however, we are doing a good job of offsetting some of the tariff impact of pricing and being disciplined as well.
Brandon Couillard: Okay, Thanks.
Stephen Williamson: Thanks Brandon.
Marc Casper: So let me wrap up here, with a strong nine-months behind us, we are really in a great position to achieve another excellent year. As always thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. We look forward to updating you early in 2020. Thanks everyone.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. We do thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2019 Second Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Ken Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Ken Apicerno: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts and Presentations until August 9, 2019. A copy of the press release of the second quarter 2019 earnings and future expectations is available on the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Results. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our safe harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the companys future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the companys quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 30, 2019, under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is also available on the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during this call, well be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available on the press release of our second quarter 2019 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So with that, Ill now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thank you, Ken. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our Q2 call. As you saw in our press release, we delivered another excellent quarter. From a financial perspective, we achieved very strong revenue and earnings performance. We made great progress in executing our growth strategy and it was an especially fruitful quarter for innovation, which Ill cover later in more detail. Last, we continue to effectively execute our capital deployment strategy to strengthen our strategic position. Conditions in our end markets were good and Im proud of all of the effort our teams put forth to capitalize on those opportunities and gain share. With a great first half behind us, were well positioned to continue our momentum and achieve another outstanding year. Let me begin with an overview of our Q2 financial highlights. First, we delivered excellent adjusted EPS growth, achieving an 11% increase to $3.04 per share. Our revenue in Q2 increased to $6.32 billion, growing 4% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income increased 6% to $1.48 billion. And our adjusted operating margin expanded by 40 basis points to 23.5% for the quarter. Before I discuss the quarter in detail, I want to take a moment to provide an update on the data center outage that we referred to in our recent 8-K filing. The outage occurred a few days before quarter end and caused delays in the processing of certain orders and shipments. This resulted in some second quarter activity shifting to the third quarter. The financial impact was not material, and Stephen will provide more detail. Our systems are now back up and running and I want to take this opportunity to acknowledge the efforts of our teams in keeping our customers front and center as they work to get the issue resolved. It was a great example of our culture of intensity and involvement at work. Now Ill give you more color on the quarter, starting with an overview of our performance in the context of our end markets. Conditions across our end markets were good and our team continue to position the company well with our customers, capture opportunities to drive growth and gain share. Starting with pharma and biotech; this end market was very strong and we delivered another quarter of double-digit growth. We continue to see strength across all our businesses, serving these customers with excellent momentum in our bioproduction and pharma services businesses. Our unique value proposition is resonating extremely well with our biopharma customers and they see us as a strategic partner to help them accelerate their innovation pipelines, while enhancing productivity across their businesses. In industrial and applied, we delivered low single-digit growth in Q2. Our performance in this end market was driven by strong demand for our chemical analysis and chromatography and mass spectrometry products. Turning to academic and government, growth here was flat in the quarter. Looking at this end market by region, we saw ongoing strength in China and more muted conditions in North America and Europe. Finally in diagnostics and health care, we grew in the low single digits in Q2. We continued our very good growth momentum in our clinical diagnostics and immunodiagnostic businesses and also saw strong demand in our health care market channel. Conditions in this end market were a continuation of what weve seen so far this year. So going into the second half of the year, we continue to feel good about our markets and look forward to capitalizing on the many opportunities we have to serve our customers and drive growth. On that note, let me turn to our growth strategy, which as you know, is threefold and consists of; continuously developing high-impact, innovative new products; leveraging our scale in high-growth and emerging markets; and delivering a unique value proposition to our customers. We made great progress in advancing our strategy in Q2 with many highlights across our businesses. As usual, Ill touch on just a few examples that bring our strategy to life and demonstrate how were continuing to build on our success to put Thermo Fisher in the best position to win with our customers. Beginning with innovation, we released a number of excellent new products across our businesses that reinforce our technology leadership, which is essential to enabling our customers key scientific advances. Ill start with our highlights on the American Society for Mass Spectrometry conference, which as you know, is an important customer event and always a great opportunity for us to reinforce our industry leadership. This was really a milestone year for us at ASMS and we showcased a range of new hardware, software and workflows. Most significant was our introduction of new-generation Thermo Scientific Orbitrap instruments. First, our new Orbitrap Exploris 480 system combines our industry-leading mass spec technology with new intelligence-driven data acquisition techniques. This allows researchers to use mass spectrometry for more rigorous, high-throughput protein identification, quantification and structural analysis in pharmaceutical and translational medicine applications. Second, our Orbitrap Eclipse Tribrid system provides academic and government and biopharmaceutical labs with access to a high-performance mass spectrometer that greatly improves sensitivity over previous generations. This new instrument expands the ability to characterize and quantify complex biomolecules and biological systems, enabling scientists to study protein structures at an unprecedented level of detail. We also introduced a new high-resolution mass spec workflow called the Thermo Scientific HR Multi-Attribute Method that simplifies and standardizes biotherapeutic characterization and quality control to accelerate the development of biologics. In our electron microscopy business, we launched the Thermo Scientific MicroED, which is the first electron diffraction solution on the market. By integrating this new detector and automation software into our high-performance transmission electron microscopes, we can now offer customers much greater speed and ease-of-use. Turning to our genetic sciences business, we further strengthened our leading qPCR offering by launching the QuantStudio 6 and 7 Pro Real-Time PCR systems. These smart instruments feature cutting-edge technology, such as voice-activated commands and hand-free operation to significantly improve the user experience. So clearly, many great examples from the quarter that show how were continuing, our very long track record of high-impact innovation, and we look forward to building on our momentum as the year unfolds. Turning to the second element of our growth strategy, leveraging our scale in high-growth and emerging markets, we had another strong growth here again  we had strong growth here again in Q2. Our performance was highlighted by another excellent quarter in China, where we delivered mid-teens growth. Were effectively leveraging our industry-leading scale in China to create a differentiated experience for our customers. We continue to expand our presence in these markets and we are excited about the new customer experience center we opened in Seoul, South Korea in the quarter. This center showcases our depth of capabilities to the life sciences industry. It serves as a hub for our customers to gain access to our technologies, work with our experts and partner with their industry peers to advance science and technology in Korea. Since our grand opening in May, hundreds of current and potential customers have visited the center. We are confident that this investment will help build strategic partnerships and significantly contribute to new growth opportunities for us in South Korea. The third element of our growth strategy is our customer value proposition and we continually invest to enhance our offering and build on our leading position. Given the leadership we have in serving the pharma and biotech end market, we are very focused on further enhancing the value we can bring to these customers. Were doing this by expanding our existing capabilities and complementing them with strategic acquisitions. To give you a couple of examples of expansion projects, weve continued to increase our bioproduction capabilities to meet robust customer demand. We recently committed $50 million to expand our manufacturing network for our leading single-use technologies. Weve also announced our plan to establish a new Bioprocessing Collaboration Center at our pharma services site in St. Louis, Missouri. This is a terrific example of how were combining our bioproduction technologies with our pharma services capabilities to benefit our customers and drive growth. In terms of acquisitions, we were very pleased to complete our acquisition of Brammer Bio, a leader in viral vector manufacturing for gene and cell therapies. As we discussed in some detail on our analyst meeting in May, Brammer Bio significantly expands our offering in this fast-growing market. It gives us the opportunity to leverage our capabilities in gene therapy across our biosciences, bioproduction and pharma services businesses, and set a new standard for viral vector manufacturing. We welcome nearly 600 new colleagues to Thermo Fisher, and it was terrific to meet many of them during our recent visits to Brammers key sites in Massachusetts and Florida. Were making good progress with the integration and the team is very excited about taking the business theyve built to the next level as part of Thermo Fisher. In Q2, we also announced our intent to acquire a site in Cork, Ireland from GlaxoSmithKline. With more than 400 employees, the site produces complex Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients, or APIs, that are used to treat diseases, including childhood cancers, depression and Parkinsons. The Cork site will add capacity to our API network to support customer demand. All of these examples reinforce our commitment to strengthening our offering and create added value for our customers and for our shareholders. We also continue to effectively execute our capital deployment strategy. And Ill give you a quick summary of our activities during the quarter. As Ive just mentioned, we completed our acquisition of Brammer Bio and we look forward to closing the GSK site by the end of the year. Both acquisitions strengthen our pharma services capabilities. We also acquired HighChem, a small business that expands our mass spectrometry software offering, to help scientists analyze complex data and identify small molecules in a variety of applications. Last, we completed our divestiture of the Anatomical Pathology business for $1.14 billion in Q2. This transaction will provide us with additional capital that we can put to work overtime to create shareholder value. With that, Id like to review our 2019 guidance at a high level. As you saw in our press release, were raising both our revenue and earnings guidance for the full year based primarily on our strong operational performance. Stephen will cover the details. But on a high level, were raising our revenue guidance to a new range of $25.3 billion to $25.5 billion, which would result in 4% to 5% revenue growth over 2018. In terms of adjusted EPS, were raising our guidance to a new range of $12.16 to $12.26, per share, which represents 9% to 10% growth year-over-year. So to summarize our key takeaways from Q2, we executed well to capitalize on the good conditions on our end markets and deliver very strong financial results. We made significant progress in terms of advancing our growth strategy, and we also continue to effectively execute our capital deployment strategy and create value for our customers and our shareholders. With that, Ill now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. As usual, Ill take you through an overview of our second quarter results for the total company, then provide color on our four business segments. Ill conclude by providing our updated 2019 guidance. Before I get into details of our financial performance, let me provide a high-level view of how the second quarter played out versus our expectations from the time of our last earnings call in April. As you saw in our press release we delivered a very strong quarter in Q2 with 5% organic growth and an 11% increase in adjusted earnings per share. Adjusted EPS was $0.04 higher than wed assumed at the midpoint of our previous guidance. This was driven equally by four factors: operational performance, the timing of the sale of the Anatomical Pathology business, quarterly phasing of tax planning initiatives and less adverse FX in the quarter. So a very strong performance in Q2. Let me update you on the financial impact of the data center outage. This event delayed shipments for several of our businesses. We estimate that the outage had a negative impact on total company organic growth in Q2 of approximately 1%. Roughly half of that impact was in our Analytical Instruments business with the remainder in Specialty Diagnostics and Lab Products and Services. We see this as a shift in the timing of revenue recognition between Q2 and Q3 of approximately $50 million with no material impact expected for the full year 2019. We have not adjusted the Q2 numbers that we discuss today for this impact, but I thought it would be helpful to give you this context. Now let me cover more detail on Q2, starting with earnings per share. This quarter, we grew adjusted EPS by 11% to $3.04. GAAP EPS in the quarter were $2.77, up 50% from Q2 last year numbers. The GAAP results include the onetime gain on the sale of the Anatomical Pathology business. On the top line, our reported revenue grew 4% year-over-year. The components of our Q2 reported revenue increase included 5% organic growth, 1% growth from acquisitions and a foreign exchange headwind of 2%. Turning to our growth by geography. North America and Europe both grew in the mid-single digits, Asia Pacific grew in the high single digits with China growth in the mid-teens, and rest of the world declined low single digits. Looking at operational performance. Q2 adjusted operating income increased 6%, and adjusted operating margin was 23.5%, up 40 basis points from Q2 of last year. We saw strong productivity from our PPI Business System and good volume leverage, partially offset by strategic investments, unfavorable business mix and a headwind from foreign exchange. The negative impact from FX in Q2 was approximately 4% in our operating income growth in the quarter, 40 basis points in our operating margins and 4% on our adjusted EPS. Moving on to the details of the P&L. Total company adjusted gross margin in Q2 was 46.7%, down 60 basis points from the prior year. In the quarter, strong productivity was offset by unfavorable business mix, strategic investments and the headwind from FX. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 19.4% of revenue, which is down 80 basis points versus Q2 2018. Total R&D expense came in at 3.9% of revenue. And R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue in Q2 was 6.5%. Looking at results below the line for the quarter. Our net interest expense was $121 million, down approximately $20 million from Q2 last year, driven primarily by debt reduction. Adjusted other income and expense was a net income in the quarter of $18 million, higher than Q2 2018 primarily due to changes in non-operating foreign exchange. Our Q2 adjusted tax rate was 11%, which is 130 basis points lower than Q2 2018, driven primarily by the impact of our tax planning initiatives tied to U.S. tax reform. Q2 average diluted shares were 403 million, which is 3 million lower year-over-year, mainly as a result of our share buybacks, partially offset by option dilution. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Cash flow from continuing operations for the first half of the year was $1.94 billion and free cash flow was $1.53 billion after deducting net capital expenditures of $410 million. This represents 25% growth in our free cash flow year-to-date. We ended the quarter with $2.3 billion in cash and investments. Our total debt at the end of Q2 was $19 billion, up $900 million sequentially from Q1. And our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was three times total debt to adjusted EBITDA. And wrapping up my comments in our total company performance. Adjusted ROIC increased to 11.4%, up 110 basis points from Q2 of last year. We continue to drive excellent returns on investments Now Ill provide you with some color on the performance of our four business segments, starting with Life Science Solutions Segment. In Q2, reported revenue increased 9% and organic revenue growth was 10%. Growth in this segment was led by our bioproduction and biosciences businesses. Q2 adjusted operating income in Life Science Solutions increased 17% and adjusted operating margin was 35.6%, up 230 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we drove very strong productivity and volume pull-through, which is partially strategic investments and the headwind from foreign exchange. In the Analytical Instruments Segment, reported revenue increased 1% in Q2 and organic revenue growth was 3%. Growth in the quarter was led by the chemical analysis and chroma mass spec businesses. Adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments was 2% lower than Q2 2018, and adjusted operating margin was 21.6%, down 60 basis from the prior year. In the quarter, we saw headwinds from unfavorable mix, strategic investments and FX, partially offset by good productivity. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics Segment. In Q2, total revenue grew 1% and organic revenue growth was 3%. Growth in this segment was led by our clinical diagnostics and immunodiagnostics businesses as well as our health care market channel. The growth was partially offset by the performance in our Anatomical Pathology business. Adjusted operating income was 4% lower than prior year, and adjusted operating margin was 25.7%, down 150 basis points year-over-year. Roughly half of the margin change was due to the performance of the Anatomical Pathology business. For the remainder of the segment, strong productivity gains were more than offset by unfavorable business mix and strategic investments. Finally, in Lab Products and Services segment, Q2 reported revenue increased 3%. Organic revenue growth was 4%. Growth in the quarter was led by the pharma services business and the research channel. Adjusted operating income in the segment increased 2%, and adjusted operating margin was 13.1%, which is 10 basis points lower than the prior year. In the quarter, we saw strong productivity and volume leverage. It was offset by strategic investments, unfavorable business mix and a headwind from FX. Now Id like to move on to our updated full year 2019 guidance. As you saw in our press release and as Marc mentioned earlier, were raising both our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance. Let me walk you through the details. Ill begin with revenue. Were raising the midpoint of our revenue guidance by $80 million and tightening the range by $100 million. The $80 million increase at the midpoint consists of two elements. First, a $30 million increase in our organic growth outlook for the year. We continue to expect full year 2019 organic growth to be between 5% and 6%. The second element of the increase in our revenue guidance is an additional $50 million to reflect the actual timing of the sale of the Anatomical Pathology business. Turning to adjusted earnings per share. Were increasing the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.06 and tightening the range by $0.04. The $0.06 increase at the midpoint consists of three elements: a $0.04 increase to reflect stronger operational performance; a $0.01 increase to account for a less adverse FX environment versus our previous guidance; and a $0.01 increase to reflect the timing of the Anatomical Pathology sale. To sum it up, our 2019 revenue guidance is now a range of $25.3 billion to $25.5 billion, which represents 4% to 5% growth versus 2018. And our updated adjusted EPS guidance for 2019 is now a range of $12.16 to $12.26, which would represent growth of 9% to 10% versus 2018. Adjusted operating margin is now expected to be about 23.6%, which would result in margin expansion of 50 basis points. A few other details behind the revised 2019 guidance. Starting with FX, currency rates continue to fluctuate in Q2. The mix of the FX rate changes since our last guidance had no net impact on revenue: a $10 million adverse impact from adjusted operating income and a $15 million positive impact on FX below the line. So for the full year, we continue to assume that FX will have a negative impact of approximately $400 million on revenue or 1.6%, 10 basis points of margin and $0.23 or 2.1% on our adjusted. The sale of our Anatomical Pathology business is now complete. This creates a year-over-year headwind of approximately $120 million on revenue, $50 million of adjusted operating income, 10 basis points of margin and $0.09 of adjusted EPS. Were seeing that theres no change in the trade tariff environment in 2019 versus our previous guidance. And as a reminder, we expect that the year-over-year growth tariff impact to be $30 million, which is just over 10 basis points of margin and approximately $0.07 of adjusted EPS. Moving below the line. Were continuing to assume year-end debt will be approximately $17.7 billion and that net interest expense will be about $470 million. Were assuming that other net income will be about $40 million, which is $15 million higher than our prior guidance, reflecting the additional benefit of non-operating FX realized in Q2. We continue to expect that the 2019 adjusted tax rate to be 11%, unchanged from our previous guidance. And we continue to assume net capital expenditures will be between $925 million and $975 million for the year. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $4.1 billion, no change from previous guidance. And we assume well return approximately $300 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends, no change in the previous guidance. And we continue to estimate the full year average diluted share to be approximately 404 million. Note, our guidance does not include any future acquisitions or divestitures. And finally, a few comments on our latest view on the quarterly phasing for the remainder of the year. In terms of organic revenue growth, we see Q3 being around the average for the full year. In terms of adjusted EPS, for the remaining six months of the year, we expect that itll be phased across that second half of 2019 in a similar way to the same period in 2018. In summary, we delivered an excellent first half and are in great position to achieve our goals for the year. With that, Ill turn the call back over to Ken.
Ken Apicerno: Thanks, Stephen. Operator, were ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson: Hey. Thanks. Id like to start out with Life Sciences Solutions. You put up a terrific number there and you had a difficult comp. Im wondering if you could provide a little bit more color. I know you provided some consumables to Brammer through that business. Was that part of it? Or could you just maybe talk to trends of Life Sciences Solutions?
Marc Casper: Tycho, thanks for the question. Good morning. Yes, we had very strong performance across our Life Sciences Solutions segment, really driven by the strong growth in bioproduction and our biosciences business. And Brammer was truly immaterial to the sales to Brammer in terms of segment results.
Tycho Peterson: And then I guess as we think about Brammer integration and scale up, can you talk a little bit about how we should think about the CapEx cycle? And I know youre also separately bringing in the Glaxo facility. How should we think about CapEx investment and general costs, cell gene therapy and biomanufacturing?
Marc Casper: Yes. So in terms of the Brammer Bio acquisition, part of what weve assumed is the expansion of an additional site, which we expect to break ground starting this year, and thats embedded in our outlook for the year. And in terms of GSK, its a world-class facility, well-maintained with capacity that fills the needs across our own demand. So other than maintenance CapEx, were not expecting significant new CapEx associated with that facility.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then just one last quick one. On lab products and Services, you had a difficult comp. Was there anything  even with that, it was a little bit lighter than weve been modeling. Was there anything there that slowed or was negative relative to your expectations?
Stephen Williamson: Yes. It was a little bit impact from that system outage in terms of some of the revenue recognized in Q3 that would have been in Q2. For us, it really is just the kind of like the growth comps in terms of the progression there, Q1 to Q2.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Tycho.
Operator: Next question comes from Ross Muken with Evercore ISI.
Ross Muken: Good morning, guys. On the industrial markets, I guess, how are you feeling about sort of the cadence there and how you kind of left off 2Q into 3Q and some of the comps you have in the back half of the year?
Marc Casper: Ross, thanks for the question. Good morning. So as I think about industrial and applied, we grew low single digits in the quarter. Really, theres two dynamics there, which is really good performance in chemical analysis and chroma mass spectrometry in the quarter. And as we mentioned last quarter, were assuming that industrial and applied is going to grow more modestly in the second half of the year due to the outstanding performance it had last year in the materials and structural analysis business. We saw some of that dynamic play out in Q2, and we expect that dynamic to continue for the balance of this year.
Ross Muken: And then maybe on the acquisition side, obviously your leverage has been coming down partially with the strong EBITDA growth. But youve had a little bit, at least relative to your capacity, maybe a good year but not a super-active year. I guess, how are you thinking of kind of the current environment and the pipeline for M&A and valuations relative to maybe the size of some of the deals you can look at and execute on?
Marc Casper: So, Ross, in terms of the pipeline, were very busy. Theres a lot of activity that were looking at. And as you know, we have substantial capacity. We outlined that in our May analyst meeting. And over time, youre going to see us deploy that capacity on the right transactions, and thats how we think about it. And Im very excited about what we closed and announced as well as the one divestiture that we did. And well continue to be good stewards of our shareholders capital.
Ross Muken: Thanks, Marc.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: Hi. Good morning.
Marc Casper: Good morning, Derik.
Derik De Bruin: Can you give us, Stephen, some guidance on the gross margin? Its consistently a little bit below where The Street tends to model on a quarterly basis. And could you just sort of walk us through how we should sort of think about the gross margin regression? Because I mean, obviously, you hit your operating margin targets because of good SG&A leverage, but the gross margin is a little bit all over the place. Any color you can provide on that would be great.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, Derik, thanks for the question. A couple of factors; one is FX as an impact on gross margins is about 3% headwind on the gross margin dollar line year-over-year. But the main feature really is the mix of businesses and the growth and the relative profitability at the gross margin level. With very strong growth in bioproduction, certain product lines in pharma services, and these have a relatively lower gross margin than other businesses in the company but good profitability, so its kind of a mixed element within that is really driving that, the gross margin level.
Derik De Bruin: And so I guess as you talk about adding capacity in your product, in your bioprocess businesses and your contract manufacturing businesses, how  I guess looking at trends into next year, should we expect additional pressure on the gross margin there until you sort of fill the capacity? Or is it too early to tell?
Stephen Williamson: Were getting good leverage on our SG&A, which is driving overall good margin expansion of the bottom line. And I think the gross margin profile youre seeing will play out for some time, but this is about strong growth in the right areas and delivering strong profitability down the bottom line that translates to EPS growth. So I think thats the appropriate way to think about it.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And if I can sneak in one more; the academic and government outlook  growth this quarter was a little flattish. Is that mostly due to the data center issues or just some general trends on that marketplace?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Derik, when I think about the quarter, as you really look into the comps, its very similar to what weve seen. Geographically, China was strong, a little bit more muted in North America and Europe. The data center outage, in fact, at each of the end markets a little bit, including academic and government, probably affected industrial and applied the most. So as I talked to the teams around the world, they didnt really see much of a change in terms of what that end market looks like.
Derik De Bruin: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Jack Meehan with Barclays.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning.
Marc Casper: Good morning, Jack.
Jack Meehan: I was hoping you could give us an update on FEI and with cryo-EM. It wasnt something that you called out for the Analytical Instruments segment. Just how its performance in the quarter? How are  how does the backlog look? And maybe just remind us what youre guiding to in terms of revenue there, pacing in the back half?
Marc Casper: Yes. So in terms of the  our materials and structural analysis business, which includes electron microscopy and our spectroscopy instruments, we had modest growth in Q2. And our expectation is that well have modest growth in the balance of the year in that business due to the very strong performance that we had in 2018. And we saw some of that dynamic play out in Q2. Pretty much in line with what we had expected during the beginning of the year. So you got visibility with that business usually about six months in terms of how things look. And the outlook looks positive for the long-term. In terms of the life sciences application, weve had really nice uptake in the pharmaceutical customer base, still a small proportion of the total. If you recall, when we acquired FEI, it really had the flagship universities around the world acquiring cryo-electron microscopy. And one of the things that we wanted to do was to democratize it towards the pharmaceutical industry, and thats actually going very well. So that bodes well for the future and expect that over time, life sciences will continue to be a bigger and bigger proportion of total electron microscopy sales, and that bodes well for the long-term outlook for this business as well.
Stephen Williamson: And Jack, as a reminder, that profile for this business is essentially built into our guidance from the beginning of the year and consistently in our guidance through the year.
Jack Meehan: Great. Yes, that makes sense. And just as a second question. I was hoping you could give a little bit more color on the European region and just how some of the impacts, whether its trading tariff or conversation around Brexit and, finally, Easter pacing, how you thought some of those different impacts may have impacted the quarter.
Marc Casper: In terms of Europe, conditions were pretty similar to what weve been seeing with some level of macroeconomic concern, not Thermo Fisher-specific concern, but theres lots of buzz about what the world is going to look like. And conditions seem to continue to be stable from that perspective, and our team is doing a good job of serving customers well and helping them navigate the environment. So Europe is playing out with moderate growth.
Jack Meehan: Any impact on  from Easter that you think?
Marc Casper: Not a material impact, no.
Jack Meehan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen.
Doug Schenkel: Good morning, guys.
Marc Casper: Good morning
Doug Schenkel: Your original core revenue growth guidance for the year factored in the assumption that China would grow in the mid-teens. If this is still the case, I believe mathematically, this would imply that youre assuming China growth moderates in the second half versus the first half. So my questions are: first, is China guidance unchanged; and two, are you seeing any change in conditions? And I asked the second question because we have seen some trade data that suggests there was a bit of a moderation in China tools experts over at least the first two-third of the second quarter. So any comments on both of those topics would be much appreciated.
Marc Casper: Great analytical question. So conditions are fine in China. When I look at the performance, we had mid-teens in the quarter. When I look at the outlook from the year, no change. Theres not a negative change going forward. So its not implying any slowdown in the growth relative to what we expected, and conditions continue to be good. So thats very positive. One of the real highlights in China is the continued, rapid emergence of biotechnology industry in the country. And that bodes well for all of these innovation companies wanting to work with the best company in the field in terms of supporting their scale up. So really a good end market for us from that perspective. So nothing  no yellow flags as well to China.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. That is super helpful, Marc. And just a quick cleanup, I think, for Stephen. Just back to the data storage outage or the data outage, did that impact margins in the quarter? Yes, I know there was an earlier question about margins. Im just wondering if that might have had some impact on results as well beyond the top line.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. When you think about the revenue here, these are shipments that were about to be made in the last few days of the quarter. So we basically lost the contribution margins with the seasonal profitability that would have gone with them. So it was some impact, but not a significant impact in Q2.
Doug Schenkel: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Stephen Beuchaw with Wolfe Research.
Stephen Beuchaw: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for the time here. One bigger picture one for Marc and then just a couple of tie-ups for Stephen. Like some, I think I may be looking here at the trends, particularly in pharma and, to some extent, in LPS in thinking, well, how is it these guys are doing it? And I appreciate some of the commentary you provided earlier. But I wonder if you could zone in specifically on within pharma, the corporate account strategy. Any chance you could give us some color on how much bigger that is today versus 12 months ago and whether thats a critical driver?
Marc Casper: Yes. So when I think about pharma and biotech in the end market, not a really strong quarter for us, and it was broad-based in terms of across our product lines. Excellent performance from pharma services and bioproduction. Our customers really respect and appreciate the value proposition. We help them with their innovation pipelines. We help them drive productivity. Because of the scale of the relationships we have, we have unique access to the decision-makers. And those customers are doing more business with us, but also the pipeline of activities with us is very strong. So thats part of it. And these small and emerging companies, the innovators that are in the earlier stages of their history, really are about speed to market, and theyre relying on us to help them through their development work and scale up and help them with their logistics and clinical trials, all things that we do, and thats also been driving very strong growth for us. So its broad-based. Its not only by customer type within pharma and biotech, but its broad-based in terms of our product offering as well. So pretty good end market for us, and were uniquely positioned to capitalize on it.
Stephen Beuchaw: Okay, much appreciated. And then two quick ones, Stephen, for you. One is, do you have a sense for what the impact on back half earnings is in total for Brammer? And then given that what happened with the data center was a little bit more concentrated on the Analytical Instruments business, any color on growth phasing, specifically for AI? As you were nice enough to provide it, the total company level would be really helpful.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So on Brammer, the timing of the announcement of the  of the closure of the acquisition had about $0.14 impact on the year. So thats really in the second  that all comes in the second half of the year. In terms of the phase, well, I gave the phasing at the company level in terms of the organic growth, and you can think about that for the split between Q3 and Q4.
Stephen Beuchaw: And sorry, my question was about phasing in AI. Any chance you have any commentary on Analytical Instruments phasing?
Stephen Williamson: So I guess in terms of the phasing, we really dont go down to that level of detail, and weve given you help on that one. So I think that chroma mass spec and chemical analysis are expected to continue to do really well. And Marc outlined the profile for the electron microscopy business, just an idea of how we think the rest of the year will play out.
Stephen Beuchaw: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Goldman Sachs.
Patrick Donnelly: Great. Thanks, guys. Maybe just one, sticking on the AI business. The growth normalized. With the power outage, we had a kind of 5% organic. Still, the latest has been since before FEI became part of organic growth, it didnt seem like comps were overly demanding there. So I was just wondering, its been trending high single, low double digits over the last year. Could you just talk through what you saw there and if any markets were kind of softer than theyve been in the past few quarters?
Marc Casper: No, Id say pretty normal conditions in terms of the end markets. I think that one of the things thats really exciting was how ASMS played out for us, and that bodes well for the second half for our chromatography and mass spectrometry business. And its probably in the noise level, some stuff there, so I wouldnt read too much into it. The conditions seem good. The teams felt good about what the outlook is for the business. In terms of the materials and structural analysis business, I think we covered that one already.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. And then maybe just specifically on the Fisher channel business. Can you just talk through the performance there? Any change in the end market trends? Any change in the competitive landscape? Would be helpful to hear.
Marc Casper: Yes. So when you think about our products and services, our pharma services business had an excellent quarter. We had good growth in our channel business and more moderate growth in our lab products business. So thats sort of how you get to the numbers that we reported in that segment. No change to the competitive dynamics in the channel business, and that business continues to perform very well.
Patrick Donnelly: Thanks, Marc.
Operator: Next question comes from Dan Brennan with UBS.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I was hoping, Marc, you can walk us through a little bit in China, just go to the various segments and how they performed to you in particular, just give us an update on anything related to generics and food as well.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Dan, thanks for the questions. China continues to be very strong. And when I look at the details of that, we have minimal exposure to the generics industry, so not a factor for us. And food continues to be fine from that perspective. When I think about the growth in the quarter, we had good growth in our materials and structural analysis business, but not as strong as it was in the prior year. So thats probably the single biggest driver of the slight change in growth, but no change in the robust outlook for China for us for the year.
Dan Brennan: Great. And then to some  back to biopharma business, really strong again. I think your guidance for the year was high single. You guys are running low double digits right now. Is low double digits sustainable? Or should we be expecting kind of a moderation in the back half implied in your guidance?
Marc Casper: Yes. When I think about the full year outlook, Pharma & Biotech is going to come in somewhere between high single and low double. Thats the range that its going to come in for the year.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. And Dan, as a reminder, the way we guided for the year is essentially a normal year-end spend by our customers, which will include Pharma & Biotech in Q4, wherein well see how that plays out in terms of comparison against two years of strong year-end spend in Q4.
Operator: Next question comes from Dan Leonard with Deutsche Bank.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. So first off, staying with pharma. Marc, can you disaggregate the performance there between bioproduction and the rest of your exposure to Pharma & Biotech? Is that  how important is bioproduction to the double-digit growth rate? And will you be growing double digits if you thought about the business excluding that?
Marc Casper: Its a good question. I havent done all of the math that way. But I would think it would have been high single. If you took bioproduction out, you probably will have high single-digit growth in all the other businesses. We had businesses that  other businesses that also grew double digits beyond bioproduction and certainly a customer set. But bioproduction continues to be incredibly strong because of the outstanding market position we have in single-use technologies and cell culture media. Our customers are simply choosing to work with the industry leader and respect our technologies and our expertise, and that bodes well for the future.
Dan Leonard: And then a follow-up, Marc. Can you comment on whether or not the pharma M&A environment is impacting your outlook at all there? We now have the third large mega merger announced this year. And I know youve historically been well positioned, but the three in one year is kind of a lot. So could you comment on that?
Marc Casper: Yes. So we have done well when the pharmaceutical industry has consolidated because we are part of the synergy plans, and we bring our best thinking and help our customers meet their innovation and productivity level. So we will come with proposals to help them be more effective and meet their targets, and our growth has benefited from those events .So we have plans for each of those different combinations. And for the one thats closed, were actively working with the customers; and the other ones, were in the planning phase
Dan Leonard: Okay. Thank you.
Marc Casper: You welcome.
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just a couple for you. First, just following up on Dans question. I was wondering if you could just give us some insight on how much your bioprocess or bioproduction business grew this quarter. I believe in the past, youve been talking about how its been growing over 20% the last few quarters. And a few of your competitors in that space have highlighted how that business maybe even accelerated for them in 2Q. So just wondering if you saw that as well. And then I have a follow-up.
Marc Casper: We had another outstanding quarter in bioproduction. And of the results that Ive read so far, were the fastest-growing bioproduction company organically. Thats how I would characterize it
Steve Willoughby: And then, Marc, on more than one occasion here this morning, youve called out strength in chroma and mass spec. And so Im just wondering if you can maybe elaborate a little bit more on that, if you see that strength as being more market-related versus share-related, and is that strength or the growth youre seeing in chroma mass spec any different than what youve seen over the last several quarters.
Marc Casper: No. This is a business that we have consistently gained market share, I dont know, for the last five, six years, maybe longer. And when I look at what the outlook is for the business, I look how the team performed, I look at the feedback from ASMS, it felt like another typical quarter for us.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Next question comes from Sung Ji Nam with BTIG.
Sung Ji Nam: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Marc, just another one on pharma. Could you remind us whats your exposure to small molecule versus large molecule? Just curious if theres anything to call out on the small molecule side this quarter.
Marc Casper: We obviously have exposure to all modalities. On a percentage base, I dont know the exact split off from my head, but its going to be more weighted towards large molecule because life science tools and diagnostics, the industry has more activity in the value chain in biologics than they do small molecules. As you think about it, the technologies are actually used in the production of the medicines; whereas instruments in small molecule, well, theyre not. Theyre just used in the QC of those medicines. So as the pipelines have shifted and activity has shifted to biologics, thats benefited our industry and, in particular, its benefited us.
Sung Ji Nam: Okay. And then just on the genetic analysis side, you highlighted some good  some innovations there on the PCR side. Could you give us an update on the next-gen sequencing side, kind of how that segment has been performing?
Marc Casper: Yes. A very small proportion of the total company, but another very strong quarter in oncology as we continue our strategy of helping oncologists diagnose patients, and weve had a very strong quarter in that segment of the business.
Sung Ji Nam: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Catherine Schulte with Baird.
Catherine Schulte: Good morning, thanks for the questions. Turning to China, with 2020 being the 5th year in Chinas 5-year plan, any color on what youve seen in prior cycles in that final year? And have you historically seen any budget flush-type dynamics? Or conversely, any slowdown as they position themselves for the new Five-Year Plan?
Marc Casper: Historically, we have not in terms of sort of a real dramatic change. And usually, the new plan is well socialized so that folks know what to focus on within the customer base.
Stephen Williamson: And their revenue base is actually pretty broad-based across different needs across China. So if youre more a pure-play competitor, more exposed to one specific end market, it could be more material. But for us, the breadth really helps.
Catherine Schulte: Okay. Great. And then, Marc, youve talked about Brammer quickly becoming a $0.5 billion business for you potentially. Once you have the Lexington facility up and running along with the other currently planned expansions, would those give you the capacity to reach that $500 million threshold? Or will you need more expansion to get there?
Marc Casper: Yes, that will cover the capacity needs to meet that number.
Catherine Schulte: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Gokay with Janney.
Paul Knight: Hi, Marc, its Paul Knight. How are you? Yes, sorry to hop on late. The acquisition in Cork, Ireland, can you talk about your strategy behind that? And I guess we should expect more pieces to follow as you build a kind of a global strategy in this market. But I guess the question is, whats the strategy behind the Cork deal?
Marc Casper: Sure. Paul, thank you for the question. So a small proportion of our pharma services business is making highly complex Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients that are made in the West. And we have a state-of-the-art facility in Linz, Austria, and we acquired a couple of years ago a state-of-the-art facility from Roche in South Carolina. As we looked at all of the development work that we have won, our capacity utilization is getting high. And it was much more cost-effective to buy another state-of-the-art facility from GSK and never thinking about breaking ground because facilities like this would cost $0.5 billion plus if you try to build it from scratch, if not more. And were acquiring that for EUR90 million with a base of business. And capacity utilization is attractive to a divesting entity because the facility is not fully utilized, and they know that we will be able to continue to utilize that facility, improve the economics through volume leverage and create a very strong assurance of supply for the existing medicines that are produced there. So its kind of a  its a  in a way, its a CapEx project is the way to think about it, but youre buying it with some level of volume, an amazing workforce and state-of-the-art facility. So thats the essence of the strategy there. So let me wrap up here. Were pleased to have delivered an excellent first half. Were in great position to achieve another outstanding year. And as always, thank you for the support of Thermo Fisher Scientific, and we look forward to updating you at the end of Q3. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-24 09:21:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2019 First Quarter Conference Call. My name is Krista, and I'll be your conference operator today. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you.  I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Ken Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth Apicerno: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts and Presentations until May 10, 2019. A copy of the press release of our first quarter 2019 earnings and future expectations is available on the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Results.  So before we begin, let me briefly cover our safe harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, under the caption risk factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and also available on the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC filings.  While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today.  Also during this call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available on the press release of our first quarter 2019 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information.  So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Ken, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our Q1 call. As you saw in our press release, we had a strong start to the year. We delivered another quarter of excellent growth on both the top and bottom line. We continue to effectively execute our growth strategy to put Thermo Fisher in the strongest position to serve our customers.  We launched a number of innovative new products, capitalized on our leadership in high-growth and emerging markets and strengthened our unique customer value proposition. We also continue to effectively deploy our capital, announcing our acquisition of Brammer Bio and returning capital to our shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends. I'll cover each of these topics in more depth in my remarks, but first, let me recap the financials.  We delivered another quarter of strong adjusted EPS performance, achieving a 12% increase to $2.81 per share. Our revenue in Q1 grew 5% year-over-year to $6.12 billion. Our adjusted operating income for the first quarter increased 7% to $1.37 billion, and we increased our adjusted operating margin in Q1 to 22.4%. So our team executed well to effectively meet the needs of our customers and carry our strong growth momentum into 2019.  The strong conditions we've been seeing in our end markets for some time continued in Q1, and we captured the opportunities we had to drive growth and gain share. From a geographic perspective, we saw good growth across all of our major regions.  Let me provide you with some color on our performance by end market. Starting with pharma and biotech. This end market remained very strong, and we delivered double-digit growth during the quarter. We continue to see broad-based strength in our businesses that serve these customers. As you know, we have a unique customer value proposition for pharma and biotech because we can help them to accelerate innovation and enhance productivity across their business.  In academic and government, we had low single-digit growth in Q1. Looking at this end market from a geographic lens, we delivered another strong quarter in China, saw good conditions in North America and more muted conditions in Europe.  Turning to diagnostics and health care. We delivered mid-single digits during this quarter with strong contributions from our clinical diagnostics and immunodiagnostics businesses.  Finally, in industrial and applied, we delivered a high single-digit growth in Q1. Our performance this year was led by strong -- by strength across our Analytical Instrument businesses. To summarize our performance, it was a great quarter. Our teams capitalized on the good conditions in our end markets, and we continued to gain market share.  You can clearly see the impact of our growth strategy in our results. Now let me touch on some of our business highlights in the quarter. As you know, our strategy is based on 3 pillars: launching innovative new products, leveraging our scale in high-growth and emerging markets and continuing to enhance our customer value proposition. This is our formula for success, and we continue to execute well to create a clear competitive advantage with our customers. I'll start with innovation and as you've come to expect from us, we kicked off the year with a range of great new product launches. Let me take a moment to highlight just a few.  In Analytical Instruments, we showcased a number of new products at Pittcon last month under our Thermo Scientific brand. In molecular spectroscopy, we launched our Nicolet Summit FTIR spectrometer, which is designed for QA/QC and teaching laboratories that perform high-volume materials characterization. The Nicolet Summit reduces analysis time and provides real-time feedback on sample quality to optimize customer productivity. And in chromatography and mass spectroscopy, to enable safety in food and animal feed, we introduced a new dioxin analyzer workflow that incorporates our triple quad TSQ 9000 GC mass spec system to enable customers to detect dioxins at the lower levels now required by European Union regulations.  At a major trade show in Shanghai, we unveiled the Thermo Scientific Helios 5 DualBeam, our latest and most advanced focused ion beam scanning electron microscope to date. This new system is designed for materials characterization and analysis at the nanoscale. It sets the industry standard by helping customers develop new products using complex advanced materials. Last, in Specialty Diagnostics, we received FDA clearance for a new ImmunoCAP test for peanut allergies. This blood test is designed to help doctors better identify which patients may be highly sensitive to a certain protein in peanuts that can cause severe allergic reactions. This can be a game changer for patients in terms of appropriately managing their allergy and preventing a life-threatening event.  Turning to the second pillar of our growth strategy. Our continued strong performance in high-growth and emerging markets reflects how well we're leveraging our scale to create an outstanding experience for these customers. Building off of our significant growth in 2018, our China business continues to be strong, delivering another quarter of better than 20% growth. I was in Asia earlier this month, and there's a lot of enthusiasm from our colleagues and our customers about the opportunities ahead. In China specifically, we continue to see broad-based growth across our end markets. We're providing technologies to advance precision medicine, enable the flourishing biotech industry and reduce air pollution to give you a few examples.  And we continue to build on our industry-leading scale across the Asia Pacific region to meet customer demand and strengthen our competitive advantage. For example, in Beijing and Delhi, we opened new Customer Solution Centers to help scientists in the food and beverage industry develop advanced analytical workflows that improve quality and safety. These new facilities are strategically placed to help scientists, partners and regulatory agencies collaborate more effectively.  In Singapore, I took part in the ribbon-cutting ceremony to celebrate our most recent expansion there. This is a great example of how we continue to scale our instrument manufacturing operations to more efficiently deliver products to our customers globally and meet growing demand. Clearly, a lot of opportunity in the high-growth and emerging markets, and we continue to execute well to consistently deliver strong performance.  Turning to the third pillar of our growth strategy: our customer value proposition. We continue to increase our capabilities and leverage them across the company to help our customers meet their goals.  A great example is pharma and biotech, which as you know, is our largest and fastest-growing end market. We have industry-leading scale, depth and access that differentiates us in serving these customers. Importantly, we continue to build on our position to be an even stronger partner for them at every stage, from research to drug development to commercial manufacturing.  One of the more significant highlights in the quarter was our agreement to acquire Brammer Bio for $1.7 billion. Brammer Bio is a leader in viral vector manufacturing, helping pharma and biotech customers provide breakthrough gene and cell therapies to patients with rare diseases.  As you know, these novel therapies involve altering the genes inside a patient's cells to treat or cure disease. Modified genes usually have to be delivered using a viral vector because they can effectively carry the genetic material into the cell. Brammer Bio has a unique position supporting gene cell therapies because it has expertise in a number of different virus types. Their capabilities cover viral vectors used in a majority of gene therapy clinical trials. These therapies hold great promise for patients who are battling diseases like hemophilia, ALS and Parkinson's.  This is why the market is so exciting and growing at a rate of better than 25% annually. Brammer Bio expands our CDMO capabilities and will be part of our pharma services business after the close. It also complements our leading biosciences and bioproduction portfolios serving the gene therapy market.  Given our scale, depth of capabilities and customer reach, we believe we can meaningfully contribute to helping our customers launch new breakthrough therapies. For example, we provide regulatory expertise to accelerate bringing these drugs to markets and experience in building and expanding capacity with world-class quality systems. This gives our customers the confidence to outsource their critical development and manufacturing activities to Thermo Fisher. We're excited about the opportunities this combination represents for our company, our customers and, of course, the patients who benefit. It's another example of our disciplined M&A strategy at work, and we look forward to closing the transaction this quarter.  One final comment regarding pharma services. Last month, we announced a $150 million investment to build additional capacity and capabilities at our sites in Monza and Ferentino, Italy and Greenville, North Carolina. This investment will further expand our global sterile manufacturing network. These projects are part of our strategy of deploying CapEx in this business to meet increasing demand from our customers who rely on our biologics, development and manufacturing expertise.  In summary, we're very pleased with these -- with the progress we're making in building our pharma services capabilities. The integration work is essentially behind us. The business is benefiting tremendously from our PPI Business System, and we're hearing incredibly positive feedback from our customers. We're building on our strong foundation by expanding capacity and capabilities through a combination of capital investments and M&A. And finally, most importantly, the business is performing very well.  On that note, let me give you a quick summary of our capital deployment activities so far this year. As I just mentioned, we announced our acquisition of Brammer Bio for $1.7 billion in cash. We also returned significant capital to our shareholders during the quarter. We repurchased $750 million of our stock in January and also increased our dividend by 12%. So an active start to the year on the capital deployment front, and our M&A pipeline remains very robust.  Let me now turn to our guidance for 2019. As you saw in our press release, we are raising both our revenue and earnings guidance for the full year. This primarily reflects our strong operational performance in Q1 and the acquisition of Brammer Bio, which as I mentioned, we expect to close in Q2. Stephen will get into the assumptions behind our guidance, but let me cover the highlights.  We're raising our revenue guidance to a new range of $25.17 billion to $25.47 billion, which will represent 3% to 5% growth over 2018. In terms of our adjusted EPS, we're raising our guidance to a new range of $12.08 to $12.22 per share, which will lead to 9% to 10% growth year-over-year.  Before I turn the call over to Stephen, let me summarize our key takeaways from Q1. We delivered another excellent quarter of financial performance on both the top and bottom line. We continue to execute our proven growth strategy to be an even stronger partner for our customers and gain share. We effectively deployed our capital to create significant value for our customers and our shareholders.  With that, I'll turn the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. I'll take you through an overview of our first quarter results for the total company then provide color on our four business segments, and I'll conclude by providing our updated 2019 guidance. Before I get into the details of our financial performance, let me provide a high-level view of how the first quarter played out versus our expectations at the time of our last earnings call in January.  As you saw in our press release, we delivered a very strong quarter with 7% organic growth in Q1. This was driven by continued strong market conditions and share gains enabled by great operational execution. We delivered adjusted EPS that was $0.08 higher than we'd assumed at the midpoint of our previous guidance. This is driven by $0.04 in operational performance, $0.03 benefit of quarterly phasing of tax planning initiatives and $0.01 from less adverse FX in the quarter versus our original guidance. So we're off to a great start to the year.  Now let me cover more detail on Q1, starting with earnings per share. This quarter, we grew adjusted EPS by 12% to $2.81. GAAP EPS in the quarter was $2.02, up 41% from Q1 last year.  On the top line, our reported revenue grew 5% year-over-year. The components of our Q1 reported revenue increase included 7% organic growth, 1% growth from acquisitions and foreign exchange headwind of 3%.  Looking at growth by geography. Our markets remain strong across the globe. North America and Europe both grew in the mid-single digits. Asia Pacific and rest of the world both grew in the double digits. And we had another great quarter in China, growing over 20%.  Turning to our operational performance. Q1 adjusted operating income increased 7%, and adjusted operating margin was 22.4%, up 40 basis points from Q1 of last year. We saw strong productivity from our PPI Business System and good volume leverage, partially offset by strategic investments and unfavorable business mix. Foreign exchange was a headwind of just over 3% on our operating income growth in the quarter and negatively impacted margins by 10 basis points.  Moving on to the details of the P&L. Total company adjusted gross margin in Q1 was 46.3%, flat to Q1 last year. In the quarter, strong productivity and volume pull-through was offset by unfavorable business mix and strategic investment. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 19.9% of revenue, which is down 50 basis points versus Q1 2018, driven by a strong top line growth and productivity actions. Total R&D expense came in at 4% of revenue, flat compared to Q1 last year as we continue to reinvest in our businesses. And R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue in Q1 was 6.7%.  Looking at our results below the line for the quarter. Net interest expense was $122 million, down approximately $20 million from Q1 last year, driven primarily by debt reduction. Adjusted other income and expense was a net income in the quarter of $12 million, higher than Q1 2018, primarily due to changes in nonoperating foreign exchange. Our Q1 adjusted tax rate was 10.1%, which is 130 basis points lower than Q1 2018, driven primarily by the impact of our tax planning initiatives tied to U.S. tax reform. Q1 average diluted shares were 403 million, which is 3 million lower year-over-year, mainly as a result of our share buybacks partially offset by option dilution.  Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Cash flow from continuing operations in Q1 was $650 million, and free cash flow was $455 million after deducting net capital expenditures of $195 million. We ended the quarter with $1.1 million in cash and investments. And in terms of capital deployment, as Marc said, Q1 was an active quarter. We continue to return capital to shareholders with $750 million of share buybacks in January. And in February, we announced a 12% increase in our dividend. We were also active with M&A, committing $1.7 billion for the acquisition of Brammer Bio. So over $2.5 billion of capital deployment actions were taken in the first quarter.  Our total debt at the end of Q1 was $18.1 billion, down $840 million sequentially from Q4. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 2.9x total debt to adjusted EBITDA. To wrap up my comments on our total company performance. We continue to increase ROIC, which is now at 11.1%, up 100 basis points from Q1 last year.  I'll now provide some color on the performance of our 4 business segments. Starting with Life Science Solutions. In Q1, reported revenue in this segment increased 7%, and organic revenue growth was 8%. In the quarter, we continue to see very good growth in this segment, led by our bioproduction, biosciences and clinical next-gen sequencing businesses. Q1 adjusted operating income in Life Science Solutions increased 8%, and adjusted operating margin was 34.9%, up 40 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we drove very strong volume pull-through and good productivity, which is partially offset by strategic investments, unfavorable business mix and the headwind from foreign exchange. In the Analytical Instruments Segment, reported revenue increased 5% in Q1 and organic revenue growth was 8%. In the quarter, we continue to see very good growth across all of our businesses in this segment. Q1 adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments grew 15%, and adjusted operating margin was 21.3%, up 170 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we saw very strong volume leverage and productivity and a favorable impact from foreign exchange, partially offset by strategic investments and unfavorable business mix.  Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics Segment. In Q1, total revenue grew 1%, and organic revenue growth was 4%. In the segment, growth in this segment was led by our clinical diagnostics and immunodiagnostics businesses. Adjusted operating income was flat versus prior year, and adjusted operating margin were over 25.3%, down 30 basis points from the prior year. In the quarter, we saw good volume leverage and favorable business mix. However, this was more than offset by strategic investments.  Finally, in Laboratory Products and Services Segment, Q1 reported revenue increased 4%. Organic revenue growth was 7%. In the quarter, we saw a strong growth across all of the businesses in the segment, which includes our pharma services, lab products and research channels businesses. Adjusted operating income in the segment increased 2%, and adjusted operating margin was 11.3%, which is 30 basis points lower than the prior year. In the quarter, we saw strong productivity and good volume leverage. This was more than offset by strategic investments and unfavorable business mix.  So now I'd like to move on to our updated full year 2019 guidance. As you saw in our press release and as Marc mentioned earlier, we are raising both our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance. Let me walk you through the details. I'll begin with revenue. We're raising the midpoint of our revenue guidance by $240 million and tightening the range by $100 million. The $240 million increase to the midpoint consist of 2 elements. First, $100 million increase in our organic growth outlook for the year to reflect on strong Q1 performance. As a reminder, our initial guidance for the year assumes 5% organic growth in 2019. We're raising that guidance to reflect a strong Q1 performance, and we now expect full year 2019 organic growth to be between 5% and 6%. The second element of the increase in our revenue guidance is an addition of $140 million to reflect the acquisition of Brammer Bio, which we expect to close during Q2.  Turning to adjusted earnings per share. We're increasing the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.05 and tightening the range by $0.06. The $0.05 increase to the midpoint consists of 3 elements: a $0.04 increase to reflect our strong Q1 operational performance, a $0.04 increased to reflect the addition of Brammer Bio, and a $0.03 reduction to account for more adverse FX environment versus our previous guidance. To sum this up, our 2019 revenue guidance is now a range of $25.17 billion to $25.47 billion, which would represent 3% to 5% growth versus 2018. And our updated adjusted EPS guidance for 2019 is now a range of $12.08 to $12.22, which would represent growth of 9% to 10% versus 2018.  A few other details behind the revised 2019 guidance, starting with FX. Currency rates continue to change in Q1. The mix of the FX rate changes have no net impact on revenue, so we continue to assume that FX will be a headwind on the full year revenue of approximately $400 million, or 1.6%. However, the mix of FX rate changes did impact the pull-through, and we now expect FX to be a headwind to adjusted EPS of $0.24 or 2.2% for the full year. The guidance continues to incorporate $0.10 of net dilution for the pending divestiture of the Anatomical Pathology business, which we announced in January. I want to note that with the exception of the Anatomical Pathology business divestiture and the Brammer Bio acquisition, both of which are expected to close in Q2, our guidance does not include any future acquisitions or divestitures.  We're assuming there's no change in the trade tariff environment in 2019 versus our previous guidance. As I mentioned last quarter, our guidance includes a year-over-year headwind from tariffs of about $30 million or approximately $0.07 to adjusted EPS to reflect the full annualized growth impact of the tariffs that are currently in place. Adjusted operating margin is now expected to be between 23.6% and 23.7%, which would result in margin expansion of 50 to 60 basis points for the year.  Moving below the line. We're continuing to assume $1.25 billion of debt repayments in 2019, and we expect net interest expense to be about $470 million. This is approximately $10 million lower than our previous guidance. Presuming that other net income will be about $25 million, which is $5 million higher than our previous guidance, we continue to expect the 2019 adjusted tax rate to be 11%. As I mentioned earlier, due to the timing of discrete tax planning items within the year, we had a lowered rate in Q1 at 10.1%, and we expect the rate in the remaining quarters to be closer to 11.3% and no change to the full year.  We're now assuming net capital expenditures to be between $925 million and $975 million for the year. This is $125 million higher than our previous guidance to factor in the expected facility expansion investments that will be made in Brammer Bio. We expect to offset the Brammer CapEx investment with strong operational cash flow performance. And as a result, our free cash flow estimate for the full year continues to be approximately $4.1 billion. We assume we'll return approximately $300 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends, no change from previous guidance. And we estimate that the full year average diluted shares will be approximately 404 million, an increase of 1 million from our prior guidance.  And finally, a few comments on quarterly phasing for the year. Our expectation for the level of organic revenue growth in Q2, Q3 and Q4 is unchanged from our prior guidance. In terms of adjusted EPS, for the remaining 9 months of the year, we expect that it'll be phased across those 9 months in a similar way to the same period in 2018. So in summary, we started the year with an excellent Q1, and we're in a great position to achieve our goals for the year.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth Apicerno: Thanks, Stephen. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Evercore ISI.
Ross Muken: Congrats. So coming off of some peer commentary yesterday, to see your China business up, obviously, a pretty remarkable sort of print. I guess, as you think about sort of the moving parts in China, obviously, we know about the huge push right now on the innovative biotech side. But obviously, we're seeing some peers call out generics and food and some of the other areas. It seemed like based on your mix, much of your end markets, maybe ex academic, were strong. And I don't know if that holds true for China. So maybe a little bit of sector commentary on China would be helpful to start, because obviously, this has been a -- just a remarkable run you had, where that business has put up 20% now for quite some time.
Marc Casper: Ross, thank you for the question. So I was in China in early April. I spent some time with our team, government and customers. We had a very good quarter. We had bookings that were stronger than revenue, and it was broad-based in terms of the momentum. So we really didn't see any headwinds in the Chinese end markets. So we had a good quarter in the academic and government sector. Industrial was fine. Pharma and biotech was fine, and we had smaller exposure in that market, to diagnostics and health care, but that was also okay, too. So we didn't see any challenges, and the teams got a lot of momentum and super excited for the future. I have to say, spending some time with some of the biotech customers in the market, the growth there looks like it's going to have very long -- a long cycle ahead of us, a very positive environment.
Ross Muken: Helpful. And maybe quickly on Brammer. Obviously, not a huge revenue base comparative to your overall, but a super exciting business. You sort of bring unique capabilities to that market. Maybe just give us a bit of a feel in general about how you think sort of the gene therapy and sort of the bioproduction side of that is going to evolve. And how you guys could theoretically, over time, kind of help with some of the logistical and manufacturing challenges that, that market currently faces?
Marc Casper: Ross, the gene therapy area is one that our customers broadly are very excited about, investing significantly and have been asking us for help. We already have a reasonable exposure with our biosciences and bioproduction business in serving that customer base. And one of the things that we consistently heard was the need to have the right development partners. And we looked at the landscape and Brammer as the industry leader and the very broad set of capabilities they have in viral vectors gave us the confidence and that's the right platform to build off of.  The interesting thing is, the big opportunity in gene therapy is actually going through the whole ramping-up process, where regulatory expertise and scaling the production is new to that segment and something we have quite a bit of experience base across our pharma services business. So we're going to use our regulatory expertise. We're very excited about serving the industry with an exquisite set of capabilities. So we look forward to closing that acquisition this quarter.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson: Marc, I apologize. I'm going to ask another question on Brammer. You've got a couple of early customers here with Sarepta, Voyager and Sangamo. Just curious as we think about customer diversification over time, how you think about the pipeline. If you're willing to comment on how much the $250 million in revenue this year is already contracted?  And then we've heard from some of your peers in that space that you can actually charge fees on capacity that's reserved but not used. So I'm curious about whether pricing opportunities in that space may be a little bit different than we see with some of the other manufacturing businesses. And then lastly, if you could just talk about the EBITDA margin potential for that business? I know it's low 20s. I think some of the pure businesses are kind of high 20s with mid-30s target. So just curious how you think about the margin opportunity to come.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Tycho, in terms of the customer mix, there's a number of customers, a few have been publicly announced by Brammer over the years and others are confidential. So that's a good mix of customers. And even within the customers, there's a good mix of programs. So you have diversification. Because not every program is going to be successful, ultimately, so it has a nice mix.  The interesting thing is because of the capacity expansion that we're excited about and the customer relationships we have, that's going to diversify that base of customers further over time. So that's very good. Yes, because there is pricing -- the pricing in the short term in this market is attractive because there's a real shortage of capacity. So there are -- many contracts have reservation fees associated with it, and that helps with the industry economics. But as the industry scales, you get the economic benefits from the scale leverage. And therefore, as capacity comes online, the economics improve further because of scale.  And then finally, in terms of our outlook. For this, margins are a little below the company average right now and where we see significant opportunity to be accretive to our margins over time.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then maybe just as a follow up. Sticking with the biomanufacturing piece, obviously, you announced the Patheon capacity expansion there as well. Has your view on Patheon revenue synergies changed at all? And how is the Advanced Bioprocessing acquisition kind of fitting into that part of the equation?
Marc Casper: Yes. So Advanced Bioprocessing, we closed in October. That was a bolt-on acquisition within our bioproduction business on the product side. This is off to a really good start. Revenue's been good. Earnings are good. And Stephen, I'd say, I think in January, it's $0.04 to $0.05 of accretion this year. So that's really going quite well.  In terms of the -- within our own network within bioproduction -- the biologics portion, we continue to expand the network because the demand is very, very strong. The Celltrion capacity expansions that we just announced is based on the fact that we have customers that have expressed interest for utilizing that capacity as it comes on line. So we're off to a good start. And from a revenue synergy perspective, it's going well. And ultimately, we see the business, which historically was kind of a mid- to high single-digit growth business, we'll transition into that business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel from Cowen.
Doug Schenkel: So Marc, just a quick follow-up on China. You entered the year assuming China would grow mid-teens. I think that was the assumption embedded into guidance. You grew north of 20% in the first quarter. Should we now expect better than mid-teens growth for China for the full year? Or should we still be maintaining the same assumption given comps do get a bit more difficult over the balance of the year?
Marc Casper: Yes. So the way we did the outlook for the year as a whole, Doug, is we banked the operational performance in Q1 over -- that was higher than the guidance, both on revenue and operationally. And assumed that the remaining 3 quarters were as we had guided originally back in January. So actually, haven't done the math on the -- China in my head, but we assumed mid-teens-type growth for the year. We, obviously, did over 20% in Q1. So that's going to take it to probably strong mid-teens to low high teens. I haven't done the math, but we haven't change the outlook for the next three quarters relative to our January guidance.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, that's helpful. On the capital deployment side, by our estimates, you still have more than $10 billion of M&A capacity over the next year, and that's factoring in Brammer and that's just with cash. If you take in the possibility of using equity, your capacity likely doubles by our math. How are you thinking about the M&A criteria today given where valuations are? And given most of your recent acquisitions, including Patheon, Brammer and Advanced Bioprocessing were all in the CDMO or bioprocessing market, I'm just wondering whether that means it's more likely you're going to do more of these, especially given the fragmentation and rapid growth of the CDMO market. Or if there's actually a prioritization to look in some other areas?
Marc Casper: Yes. So we have substantial capacity. The first thing is our #1 priority is to run the business we have and do a great job with it, right? And that's what we do everyday we wake up. And then we have used the same M&A criteria for the last 17, 18 years, which is, will the transaction strengthen the company strategically? Will it be valued by our customers? And ultimately, will it create shareholder value as measured by the returns on invested capital that we have, right? So when I look at the environment, we are an incredibly fragmented industry. Our pipeline is very robust. So we're very active and looking. But we only do the transactions that we feel are really going to be great transactions, right? And so it's very hard to predict which ones will go through, and we're looking across all portfolios. So I wouldn't over read that it's all biologics or bioproduction based. I think part of it is, we took advantage of the opportunity as BD was selling a noncore asset and Brammer, really, was looking for a real boost in expansion capital. So situations led to those transactions, but you'll see us look across the portfolio. And those that are good, we'll do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan from Barclays.
Jack Meehan: I was hoping we could turn to the Analytical Instruments Segment. And could you please give us an update on the growth of FEI and just have backlog shaping up across life sciences versus material sciences and semi?
Marc Casper: Yes. So in terms of the Analytical Instruments business, all 3 of our businesses had good quarters with strong growth. Material sciences, which includes the electron microscopy and our molecular spectroscopy, had good growth in the quarter. In terms of the segments you have -- the material science segment, which includes semiconductor, batteries, advanced materials and academic research, you also have the life sciences sector, primarily structural biology. Revenue growth was good in both of those sectors. As you know, we are expecting slower growth in the second half because we have more challenging comparisons in the materials science sector -- portion of that product portfolio going forward. So we're expecting, as we originally guided, that the second half will be slower than the growth that we delivered in the first quarter.
Jack Meehan: Great. And then, I guess, looking at Europe, you called out some more muted conditions on the academic side there. I was curious regionally what you were seeing. And then I know industrial and applied overall grew high single digits. But was there any change regionally in Europe in those end markets that you saw?
Marc Casper: Europe, actually, in aggregate was a good. We had good growth in the quarter. And that really ran across 3 of the 4 end markets, industrial and applied, health care and diagnostics and pharma and biotech. We saw more muted conditions in Europe. So -- and geographically, probably Germany was an area where -- a little bit more muted on the release of funds, but other than that...
Kenneth Apicerno: On the academic and government...
Marc Casper: On academic and government. So Europe, as a whole was fine, right? It was actually -- it was very solid growth, but I called it out just because academic and government in that region was a little bit softer than we had seen recently.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard from Deutsche Bank.
Daniel Leonard: So first off, appreciate the commentary on margins in the LPS segment. How do you view the trajectory there? And what would put that business back on a margin expansion trajectory? Is that primarily the contract manufacturing business?
Stephen Williamson: So Dan, this is Stephen. I'll take that one. So when I think about margins for LPS, yes, expansion in that segment is -- long term, it's going to be driven by the pharma services business. As we outlined in the original guide, we're investing in that businesses where we're preparing for the ramp in growth. It's been driving revenue synergies and putting investments in place on sterile on the biologics side. So more muted this year, but good long-term growth prospects in terms of margin expansion going forward there.
Daniel Leonard: Okay. And then my follow-up. Marc, there was a bioprocessing product acquisition that traded away from you this quarter. Can you remind us how you're viewing the opportunities to incrementally expand your offering on the bioprocessing product front? And do you feel yourself -- do you see opportunities in areas where there's reasonable concentration amongst only a few players? Is there an opportunity for Thermo to participate?
Marc Casper: Yes, Dan. We have been building our position methodically in the bioproduction business over time. It actually started with the acquisition of Life Technologies, where we went from being a strong player in single-use technologies to becoming a leader in cell culture media. We then have done a series of transactions to strengthen our offering, whether it was ASI, adding the controller technologies from Finesse, acquiring BD's business. So we look on the parts of our portfolio where we can build on our strengths and generate strong returns. We're very disciplined about the return profiles on M&A. So you have to think about that in terms of which opportunities make sense. And we'll continue to look at things, and if we see the right opportunities, you'll see us do more.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly from Goldman Sachs.
Patrick Donnelly: Great. Maybe, Marc, just on the industrial, applied market, nice to see you guys be able to put up high single-digit growth against a pretty tough high single-digit comp. Can you just talk about the strength there and the durability going forward? Which pockets you're really seeing some strength?
Marc Casper: Yes. So we were expecting a strong start to the year in industrial and applied, because, obviously, there's some visibility from how the year ended within our bookings. So we grew high single-digit growth in the quarter. And that strength, we saw it in chromatography and mass spectrometry. We saw it in chemical analysis, and we saw it in electron microscopy. And what we're assuming is that going in the second half of the year is going to be a little bit softer given the more challenging comparisons. So that's kind of the view on that market.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay, and then as we approach the Analyst Day next month, you guys are coming off an 8% growth year, 7% growth quarter here. You have that 4% to 6% long-term guide out there. Can you just help us put that perspective as you kind of plan ahead of the Analyst Day? What your thoughts are in terms of where we are currently versus that long-term growth rate?
Marc Casper: Yes. As I was looking at the calendar, and the best day of the year is coming up. It's May 22 in New York City as my team there always smiles. So I can't wait to get in front of each of you and the investment community. And I know that Stephen will be talking about the three year model and our long-term outlook as part of that. So we'll clearly be a good topic of discussion back at that point in time.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Dan Brennan from UBS.
Daniel Brennan: Great. Congrats on the quarter. I just wanted to start with biopharma. Obviously, another really robust quarter. Marc, can you just point to whether regionally, were there any big deviations there? And can you maybe point out where the strength came from within your businesses? And then related to that, you cited share gains, so would be interested in some color on kind of where you're seeing the most share gains and the opportunity.
Marc Casper: Yes, Dan. Thanks for the question. When I look at the pharma biotech end market, the market is very strong. We grew in the double digits. And when I think about the business lines, we saw strength across really the portfolio. Bioproduction, chroma mass spec, our research and safety channel and our pharma services business all had excellent quarters in terms of growth. So broad-based strength as we have been seeing for quite some time.  Geographically, it was good across the markets. I was looking at that and, we didn't see any anomalies in any of the regions, so very strong geographically. And I think part of it is that science is good, funding is good, but we're clearly gaining share. Our value proposition is truly unique in terms of how we help our customers be more innovative and productive. And we have very incredibly strong commercial reach that gives us access to those customers. And the scale of the relationship gives us unique access to each of the customers as well. So that combination has sustained very strong performance for quite some time.
Daniel Brennan: Great. And then may be related to that, Marc, you highlighted in China the excitement over kind of future biotech growth there. Can you just elaborate on that a bit? Is that the push for China to be more therapeutically-oriented or can be branded-oriented? So maybe just some color between what your business looks like today in biopharma in China and what it can look like going forward?
Marc Casper: Yes. So five years ago, roughly, when we were thinking about the industry in China from a biotech and pharmaceutical perspective, it was a blend of generic manufacturing on the pharma side and traditional Chinese medicine. Over the last 5 years, there really has been an explosion of growth, interest and new company formation on the biotech side in addition to the small molecule and traditional Chinese medicine, and that continues to look very bright in terms of the outlook. And because many of the customers have worked outside of China, they're very familiar with our capabilities. And the companies that are setting up, they are standardizing on our technologies. It's really an exciting opportunity, and we're doing very well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Ryskin: This is Mike Ryskin on for Derik actually. You touched on Europe previously, but I want to follow up a little bit specifically on Brexit. It doesn't sound like you've seen any impact in the U.K. or in Northern Europe as the negotiations are ongoing. But I just want to see what your thoughts are and what's embedded in the guidance as we move through the year. That's been an area kind of focus recently as a potential cause of concern. So I want to see how you're thinking about that.
Marc Casper: Yes. In terms of Brexit, U.K. continues to be -- it's a small market, but the conditions were fine. We did a lot of preparation work really effectively last week. And obviously, that's been kicked down the can for a while. So we're prepared should that happen but it doesn't seem to be flowing in any material way, positively or negatively, towards our business in terms of market conditions.
Michael Ryskin: All right. And then a quick follow-up. Could you give us an update on some of the other capital deployment events that are expected in 2Q? The divestment of Anatomical Pathology in terms of timing and then also an update on Gatan.
Marc Casper: Sure. So we expect in Q2 to close the divestiture of the Anatomical Pathology business. We did clear all of the regulatory events that we need to clear, and now we're just working with the acquirer on all the closing conditions on that contract. We also expect, as Stephen said, to close the Brammer acquisition in Q2. In terms of Gatan, we are, as well as Roper Technologies, have been working with the U.K. Competition and Markets Authority to come to a reasonable resolution, and it's been challenging. We expect to get their final decision by the end of Q2. So that's where we are with Gatan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research.
Stephen Willoughby: A couple of guidance questions for you. First, Stephen, I believe you said that you beat your first quarter expectations at the midpoint by $0.08, but then in the earnings bridge for the full year, you're only attributing $0.04, really to the first quarter beat, so just wondering on that. And then secondly, operating margin were up 40 bps here in the first quarter. You're going against more difficult organic growth comps in the remainder of the year. So we'd expect organic growth to slow. Just wondering, in terms of margin expansion, what gets margin expansion greater with what's believed to be slower organic growth the rest of the year.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So Steve, in terms of the $0.08 in Q1, $0.03 of that was timing of tax, which kind of unwinds each quarter as you go out in Q2 to Q4. That's $0.03 of the difference, and then $0.01 was FX. And the way that rates changed, we actually had a below-the-line FX benefit versus the original guide, which was a positive $0.01 in Q1. And then as we look at the rest of the year, Q3 and 4, it's $0.04 more adverse FX pull-through on the revenue. The net for the year is a $0.03 change for FX. So -- but the $0.04 operational carries forward to the full year. So that's kind of bridges you the $0.08 to the $0.04.  And then on the 40 basis points for the quarter, just as a reminder, that included the headwind from FX and from gross tariffs as well. It's about 20 basis points of headwind that we offset and still delivered the 40 basis points. The tariff headwind declines as we go into the second half of the year, which is -- so that headwind goes away. And then from an FX standpoint, it also lessens from a basis points standpoint and then this really comes down to the scale of revenue in Q4 as sizable. The timing of certain of our projects in terms of spend, that's helps with markets as well. And that gives you an idea of the margin profile for the rest of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sung Ji Nam from BTIG.
Sung Ji Nam: Just a couple of quick ones. Marc, could you -- just going back to Gatan, how critical is the asset for your cryo-EM business overall? Is it a nice asset to have? If you could comment on that? And then also Stephen, you talked about some strategic investments for Specialty Diagnostics. And I don't mean to be nitpicking at this point, but given that segment is kind of a laggard in terms of top line growth, was curious as to where there are opportunities to potentially further accelerate growth for that segment.
Marc Casper: Yes. So thanks for the question. So first, in terms of Gatan, we think it's a nice fit with our electron microscopy business, and we'll see whether that gets closed or not. We did sign a new long-term supply relationship with Gatan. So if it doesn't close, it has no negative impact on the strategic outlook for the electron microscopy business. So that's a nonfactor. In terms of Specialty Diagnostics, the business is performing well and when I think about the growth in the first quarter, that includes powering through a reasonable level of flu headwind and still delivering solid mid-single-digit growth in the quarter. And we're making good progress on the product development programs that we have, and that should benefit growth in the midterm.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Knight from Janney Capital Markets.
Paul Knight: Marc, if you look and you see the customers tone and think about organic growth in the industry and the financing that's going on in the industry as well, what's your visibility on the current organic guidance? Do you think it's a multiyear look? Or is it this year's look? What are your thoughts on that?
Marc Casper: Yes. So when I look at the outlook for the market, absent a macro recession -- and if I'm looking to see the life science tools and diagnostics fundamentals, they look very strong. You're seeing excitement in pharma and biotech in terms of the science and the investments that support it. You see it in funding going to biotech, you see that looking very good. If you look at the commitments around the world to academic and governments, especially on the academic side globally, there is a big commitments to NIH in the U.S., there's a real excitement in the U.K. about kind of a post-Brexit world, a new Horizon program in Europe, and China continues to have a 5-year plan that gives the outlook there that looks robust. So if you go there, diagnostics and health care continues to have a bright outlook because, really, the only way you can control medical costs is to get accurate diagnosis, so you're spending the right money on things that actually benefit patients. So when you look at the fundamentals, super positive in our industry. And I saw when the recession came out, look at the -- what's going on in our business looks great. We don't see any recessionary factors. But at some point over the next, who knows, 5 years, you never can predict, there'll be some slowdown in economic growth. And the great thing about life science tools and diagnostics is our industry performs great in a recession. It's incredibly low exposure to the volatility that other sectors have. So we're bullish about the outlook in our industry.
Paul Knight: And then lastly, Marc, I know your IT infrastructure, your distribution channel of selling product has been one of your great advantages over the last several years. Is your CapEx -- I mean, how do you maintain a barrier and keep that advantage in the market? And specifically, is it requiring more CapEx? Or is the pace of CapEx and investment there the same or not?
Marc Casper: Yes. So we create a fantastic e-commerce and e-business experience for our customers. And we have invested substantially historically to build a leading platform that created that advantage. And that we continue to invest to maintain and build our lead, which we are investing at a lower rate than what we had historically because effectively, we have that leading platform. So yes, we continue to add new capabilities. And if you go to our Fisher site or thermofisher.com, you see how strong those experiences are. And we'll continue to invest to make sure that we maintain our own.
Kenneth Apicerno: Operator, we're going to end it right there. We're just about out of time.
Marc Casper: So let me just wrap up by summarizing that we're off to a strong start. We're on track to deliver another outstanding year. And as always, thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2018 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Id like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President-Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our Web site, thermofisher.com under the heading Webcasts and Presentations until February 8, 2019. A copy of the press release of our fourth quarter 2018 earnings and future expectations is available in the Investors section of our Web site under the heading Financial Results. Before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the Company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 29, 2018, under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is also available in the Investors section of our Web site under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during the call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our fourth quarter 2018 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our Web site under the heading Financial Information. So, with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc N. Casper: Thank you, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our 2018 Q4 and year-end call. As you saw on our press release, we delivered a fantastic year. We had excellent growth momentum all year long and Q4 was no exception. We're pleased to report that we delivered very strong growth in both the quarter and the year. Our team executed well to take advantage of the good conditions that continued across our end markets in 2018. Our performance speaks to the success of our growth strategy and our ability to strengthen our position and continue to gain share. Our commitment to launching great new products, building scale in high-growth in emerging markets, and enhancing our customer value proposition has created a clear competitive advantage for us. We also continue to complement our growth with an effective capital deployment strategy. We completed two nice bolt-on acquisitions that strengthened our customer offering while returning capital to our shareholders and reducing debt. Our outstanding performance in 2018 has further strengthened our leadership position and sets us up for long-term success. I will cover some of the highlights later in my remarks, but first I will hit the financials from the quarter and the year at a high-level. Starting with the quarter, our revenue increased 8% in Q4 year-over-year to $6.51 billion. Adjusted operating income increased 12% to $1.61 billion and our adjusted operating margin expanded 90 basis points in Q4 to 24.8%. We delivered very strong adjusted EPS growth in the quarter with a 60% increase to $3.25 per share. Turning to our results for the full-year. We increased revenue by 16% to $24.36 billion in 2018. Adjusted operating income increased 16% to $5.62 billion, with adjusted operating margin of 23.1%. We are especially pleased to deliver another year of strong earnings performance in 2018 with a 17% increase in our adjusted EPS to $11.12 per share. Our excellent earnings growth is the combination of a well executed growth strategy, effective capital deployment and the power of our PPI Business System that we continuously leveraged to make our better even better. So is a fantastic year by all accounts and that sets us up well for 2018. Now I'll turn to our performance by end market. As I mentioned, conditions remain strong across the board consistent with what we saw all year. And we effectively leveraged our customer value proposition to drive outstanding growth. Let me provide you with some more color. So starting with Pharma and Biotech, the unique depth of capabilities we can offer these customers is clearly giving us an advantage and allowing us to continue to gain share. We delivered low teens growth in the quarter and we continued to see strength in all of our businesses serving this end market. Our leading position in Pharma and Biotech led to mid teens growth for the year. In academic and government, it was great to see the continued strong demand across our life science solutions and analytical instruments businesses in Q4. And our research channel also performed well. We grew in the mid-single digits during the quarter and for the full-year. Turning to diagnostics and healthcare, we had good growth in our transplant diagnostics, amino diagnostics and clinical diagnostics businesses in Q4. In this end market, we grew in the mid-single digits for both the quarter and for the full-year. Finally, in industrial and applied, we delivered 10% growth during the quarter led by strong performance across our analytical instruments businesses. For the full-year, we grew in the high single digits. So were really performing at a high level and leveraging our unique scale and depth of capabilities to capitalize on the opportunities we saw across our end markets. We continue to strengthen our strategic position and that bodes very well for our future. Now let me discuss our accomplishments in the context of our growth strategy. We're making great progress across all three pillars of our strategy, and that's really making a difference for our customers, as you can see in our results. Starting with the first pillar of our strategy, high-impact innovation, we continued our strong momentum of new product launches across our portfolio. We're committed to innovation and we invested $1 billion in R&D in 2018. Our impressive lineup of new products during the year, and our strong revenue growth shows that we're getting a great return on that investment. I will recap a few of the highlights. In our analytical instruments business, we continued to strengthen our Thermo Scientific brand by building on our leading platforms across chromatography, mass spectrometry and electron microscopy. In fact, of the top 15 innovations in 2018, that were recognized by the readers of Analytical Scientist Magazine, five of them came from Thermo Fisher. The Orbitrap IDX Tribrid and the Q Exactive UHMR mass spectrometer systems that we launched at ASMS are seeing strong adoption from our customers. And the Q Exactive HF-X that we launched a year-ago made R&D magazine's list of the top 100 innovations in 2018. These examples reinforce the tremendous value we continue to create through our leading Orbitrap franchise, whether our customers are discovering new drugs or working in applied markets such as food safety. In our electron microscopy business, the Verios G4 scanning electron microscope that we launched early in the year is gaining good traction with our Materials Science customers. And it's great to see that our Glacios Cryo-EM for life sciences which we began shipping in 2018 is ramping up nicely, and customer feedback is quite positive. Turning to our life science solutions business, we continue to strengthen our Ion Torrent line of Next-Gen sequences with the GeneStudio S5 series of benchtop instruments launched in 2018, and our Invitrogen EVOS M5000 digital microscope for cell imaging that we highlighted in Q3, is off to a very good start. Finally, in our specialty diagnostics business, we launched two important instruments in 2018, the BRAHMS KRYPTOR GOLD automated immunoassay system and the Phadia 200 benchtop analyzer to help doctors diagnose allergy and autoimmune conditions. So clearly an excellent year for innovation and we look forward to continuing our momentum in 2019. Turning to the second pillar of our growth strategy, our strong performance in high-growth emerging markets, reflects how were effectively leveraging our scale to create competitive advantage. These markets now represent 21% of our total revenue or about $5 billion. In 2018 not only do we delivered excellent growth again in China, but we had broad-based growth in these geographies, including double-digit growth in India. Let me spend a couple minutes on China, which as you know is our largest market outside the U.S. Our team has consistently grown our business there faster than the market. We had another strong quarter in China in Q4 and that led to 20% growth for the year. We're clearly benefiting from the scale that weve continued to build, which allows us to deliver a differentiated experience to our customers. Our commercial infrastructure, in particular, is driving strong growth and share gain. In 2017, you may recall that we opened two customer demo centers in China to showcase our capabilities in precision medicine and Cryo-EM. In 2018, we established a new commercial office and customer training center in Beijing, and we also opened our first Bioprocess Design Center in November. This new center which is located in Shanghai, features our latest advances in bioprocessing technology. The goal is to facilitate collaboration between our biologics customers and our own application scientists to design optimal bioprocessing solutions for this high-growth market. We continue to increase our scale and depth of capabilities in China to meet the needs of our customers, and were excited about the opportunities we have going into 2019. Our confidence comes from China's continued focus on national priorities supporting public health, the environment and food safety, which aligns directly with our company mission to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. The third pillar of our growth strategy is our customer value proposition. And we delivered that by leveraging our unique capabilities to help our customers meet their goals for innovation and productivity. What's important here is that we continued to enhance the value we can offer, whether it's a new product innovation or more comprehensive product and services offering. And our results show that our customers really value the unique benefits that we can provide. Let me use our Pharma and Biotech customers as an example. We've been growing significantly faster than the market here for quite some time. And in 2018 our growth accelerated to the mid-teens. Our offering for these customers was very strong and we further strengthened our capabilities through the acquisition of Patheon in August of 2017. Customer reactions have been incredibly positive whether theyre small emerging biotechs that don't have the in-house capabilities or large pharmaceutical customers that need to increase capital efficiency. The integration of Patheon has gone very smoothly. The business are performing well and delivering strong growth, and it's in a great position given the strong commercial momentum that were seeing. We continue to increase our capabilities to serve this attractive market, including the expansions of our clinical trial supply chain facility in Rheinfelden, Germany, our Biologics Production Center in St. Louis and our sterile [indiscernible] in Italy and North Carolina. From a synergy perspective, were on track to deliver on our [indiscernible] synergy targets of $120 million. Our PPI Business System is having a significant positive impact on this business. So we are excited about the opportunities we have through our leading Pharma Services offering. There's still much more to be done, but we feel very good about the outlook for this business based on our progress to date. To wrap up our growth strategy discussion, we're committed to strengthening our position to be the best possible partner for our customers, and we're clearly seeing the results. Turning now to capital deployment, as you know we have a great track record here in creating value for our shareholders by being good stewards of capital and we continued that in 2018. First our goal is to reduce debt to strengthen our balance sheet following the Patheon acquisition. We started the year with 4x leverage and we ended the year with just over 3x leverage after reducing debt by $2 billion. Second, we deployed a little more than a $0.5 billion on two bolt-on acquisitions. The largest was the advanced bioprocessing business of Becton Dickinson that we closed in Q4, which added a complementary self portrait [ph] products for our Biologics production customers. We also continued to return capital to our shareholders buying back $500 million of stock during the year and increasing our dividend by 13% versus 2017. One last comment here, you saw our announcement on Monday regarding the sale of our Anatomical Pathology business, which is incorporated into our 2019 guidance. Once we close which we expect in Q2, the transaction will give us additional capital to put work -- put to work over time to create shareholder value. Stephen will give you more details during his remarks. So it was a very productive year from a capital deployment perspective as well. To summarize our performance, our strong Q4 really capped off a fantastic year on all fronts. Our team executed very well to deliver strong revenue and earnings growth. We strengthened our industry leadership by advancing our growth strategy and continuing to gain share. We also effectively deployed our capital to create significant value for our customers and our shareholders. Looking ahead as you would expect, we're planning to extend a long track record of consistent and strong financial performance in 2019. Stephen will outline the assumptions that factored into our revenue and earnings guidance, but let me quickly cover the highlights. In terms of our revenue guidance, we expect to deliver between $24.88 billion and $25.28 billion in 2019, which would result in a reported revenue growth of 2% to 4%. We're initiating adjusted EPS guidance for 2019 in the range of $12 to $12.20 per share. This will lead to 8% to 10% growth year-over-year. Our outstanding results in 2018 really sets us up for another successful year ahead. With that, I will now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Great. Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. I will begin with an overview of our fourth quarter and full-year results for the total company. Then I will provide some color on our four segments and conclude with a detailed review of our 2019 guidance. Before I get into the details of our financial performance, I thought it would be helpful to provide a high level view of how the fourth quarter played out versus our expectations at the time of the last earnings call. As you saw in the press release, we had a strong finish to 2018, delivering 8% organic growth in Q4 and for the full-year. This is driven by continued strong market conditions, great operational execution and continued share gains. From an earnings standpoint, we delivered adjusted EPS that was $0.09 higher than the midpoint of our previous guidance. This is driven primarily by pull through on our strong organic growth and to a lesser degree by less adverse FX environment. For full-year 2018 we delivered 8% organic growth, 16% growth in adjusted operating income, and 17% growth in adjusted earnings per share. Overall, excellent financial results in 2018. Now let me give you more color on our performance. Starting with our earnings results, as you saw in our press release, we grew adjusted EPS in Q4 by 16% to $3.25. For the full-year, adjusted EPS was $11.12, up 17% versus 2017, GAAP EPS in the quarter was $2.22, up 71% from Q4 2017; and for the full-year, GAAP EPS was $7.24, up 30% versus the prior year. On the top line, our Q4 reported revenue grew 8% year-over-year. The components of our Q4 reported revenue increase included 8% organic growth, approximately 1% growth from acquisitions, and a foreign exchange headwind of approximately 2%. For the full-year 2018, reported revenue increased 16% year-over-year. This include an 8% contribution from organic growth, 7% positive impact from acquisitions, and a 1% benefit from foreign exchange. Looking at growth by geography, our markets were strong across the globe in Q4. North America and Europe both grew in the high single digits, Asia-Pacific grew in the low teens, including another quarter of very strong growth in China and rest of the world grew in the mid-single digits. For the full-year, North America grew in the mid-single digits, Europe and the rest of the world grew in the high single digits, and Asia-Pacific grew in the mid-teens. Turning to our operational performance, Q4 adjusted operating income increased 12% and adjusted operating margin was 24.8%, up 90 basis points from Q4 of last year. We feel strong productivity from our PPI Business System and good volume contributions partially offset by strategic investments and unfavorable business mix. For the full-year, adjusted operating income increased 16%. And adjusted operating margin was 23.1%, which is 10 basis points lower than 2017. We feel strong productivities from our PPI Business System and good volume contributions. However, this was more than offset by the impact of acquisitions, strategic investments and unfavorable business mix. Moving onto the details of the P&L. Total company adjusted gross margin in the quarter came in at 46.9%, down 10 basis points from Q4 prior year. In the quarter, strong productivity on volume pull through was more than offset by unfavorable business mix and strategic investments. For the full-year, adjusted gross margin was 46.7%, down a 150 basis points from 2017, strong productivity of volume pull through was more than offset by the impact of acquisitions, unfavorable business mix, and strategic investments. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 18.3% of revenue, which is down 90 basis points versus Q4 2017, driven by a strong top line growth. And total R&D expense came in at 3.9% of revenue, flat compared to Q4 last year as we continue to reinvest in our businesses. R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue in Q4 was 6.2% and for the full-year was 6.5%. Looking at results below the line for the quarter, our net interest expense was $127 million, down $19 million from Q4 last year, driven primarily by lower level of debt and improved interest income. Net interest expense for the full-year was $530 million, an increase of $19 million from 2017. Adjusted other income and expense was a net income in the quarter of $12 million higher than Q4 2017, primarily due to changes in nonoperating foreign exchange. In 2018 as a whole, we saw a $27 million of nonoperating income benefit from FX. At this point we do not expect majority of this to repeat in 2019. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter were 12.2%, down 110 basis points versus Q4 last year and in line with our previous guidance. Our full-year adjusted tax rate was 11.9%, which is a 110 basis points lower than full-year 2017, primarily reflecting the beneficial impact of U.S tax reform. Q4 average diluted shares were 405 million, 0.5 million shares higher year-over-year. For the full-year, average diluted shares of 406 million, up 8 million from 2017. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. For the full-year, cash flow from continuing operations was $4.54 billion and free cash flow was $3.83 billion after deducting net capital expenditures of approximately $700 million.  Our primary focus for use of our cash flow in 2018 was to reduce debt post the acquisition of Patheon. Our total debt at the end of Q4 was $19 billion, down $2 billion from the prior year. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.1x total debt to adjusted EBITDA, down from 4x at this point last year and down from 4.4x immediately post the Patheon acquisition. This demonstrates the significant strength of our cash flow and our commitment to maintain a solid investment-grade debt rating. We ended the quarter with approximately $2.1 billion in cash. During 2018, we also continued returning capital to shareholders with $500 million of share buybacks and $275 million in dividend. In addition, as Marc mentioned, we successfully deployed capital to strengthen our customer value proposition through strategic acquisitions, including our recent acquisition of Advanced Bioprocessing. To wrapping up my comments and our total company performance, adjusted ROIC was 10.9%, up 50 basis points from last quarter and up 90 basis points from Q4 last year as we continue to generate very strong returns. Now I will provide you with some color on the performance of our four business segments for the quarter, starting with Life Science Solutions. In Q4, reported revenue in the segment increased 8% and organic revenue growth was also 8%. In the quarter, we continued to see strong growth in this segment led by the bioproduction, biosciences, and clinical next-gen sequencing businesses. Q4 adjusted operating income in life science solutions increased 11% and adjusted operating margin was 36.8%, up a 130 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we drove very strong productivity and volume pull-through, which is partially offset by unfavorable business mix, the impact of acquisitions and strategic investments. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue increased 11% in Q4 and organic revenue growth was 12%. In the quarter, we continued to see very good growth across all of our businesses in the segment. Q4 adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments grew 20% and adjusted operating margin was 26.6%, up 210 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we saw a very strong volume leverage, good productivity, and benefited from positive business mix. This was partially offset by strategic investments. Turning to Specialty Diagnostics segment, in Q4, total revenue grew 4% and organic revenue growth was 5%. Growth in this segment was led by our transplant diagnostics, neuro diagnostics, and clinical diagnostics businesses. Adjusted operating income decreased 4% in Q4 and adjusted operating margin was 24.5%, down 190 basis points from the prior year. In the quarter we saw good volume leverage. However, this was more than offset by strategic investments and unfavorable business mix. Finally in the Laboratory Products and Services segment, Q4 reported revenue increased 8%. Organic revenue growth was 9%. In the quarter, we saw strong growth across all our businesses in the segment led by the Pharma Services business. Adjusted operating income in the segment increased 14% and adjusted operating margin was 13.1%, which was higher than the prior year by 60 basis points. In the quarter, we saw good productivity and volume leverage. This was partially offset by strategic investments and business mix. With that, I would like to review the details of our 2019 guidance. We're initiating a 2019 adjusted EPS guidance range of $12 to $12.20, which is 8% to 10% growth over 2018. This includes $0.10 of net dilution from the sale of the Anatomical Pathology business that we announced earlier this week. In terms of revenue, our guidance range is $24.88 billion to $25.28 billion, which is growth of 2% to 4% over 2018. Let me now cover the key assumptions that we factored into our full-year 2019 guidance. We are expecting to deliver 5% organic revenue growth in 2019. With regards to FX, in 2019 we are assuming that [indiscernible] year-over-year headwind of approximately $400 million of revenue or 1.6% and $0.21 of adjusted EPS or 1.9%. The majority of this headwind is expected in the first half of the year. As I mentioned, our guidance reflects the divestiture of the Anatomical Pathology business, which I referred to you as the AP business. In 2018, this business had revenue of approximately $315 million, of which approximately $100 million was sold through our channel businesses. We will continue to sell AP products through our channels after the divestiture. To write-off the estimated $0.10 dilution impact of 2019, we are assuming the transaction closes in Q2. This would create a year-over-year headwind of approximately $170 million of revenue and $60 million headwind of adjusted operating income. Both of these are net of the retained channel business. In the calculation of the adjusted EPS impact, we're assuming that the net sale proceeds are placed on deposits and earn interest income for the remainder of the year. The cash taxes and transaction fees related to the sale are expected to be approximately $125 million. These will be reflected in our free cash flow in 2019. We expect the acquisition to be completed in 2018 will contribute approximately $85 million to our reported revenue growth in 2019. This is principally from the acquisition of Advanced Bioprocessing. We are assuming that there is no change in the trade tariff environment in 2019. This means that our guidance includes the year-over-year headwind from tariffs of approximately $30 million or $0.07 of adjusted EPS to reflect the full annualized gross impact of the tariffs that are currently in place. Turning to the adjusted operating margin, we are assuming that we offset a 20 basis point headwind from tariffs on the sale of the AP business and deliver 60 basis points of expansion year-over-year. Moving below the line, we are assuming $1.25 billion of debt repayments in 2019, and we expect net interest expense to be about $480 million. This is approximately $50 million lower than 2018 and is driven by lower average debt level and higher cash balances, partially offset by assumed higher interest rates. We are assuming that other net income will be about $20 million, which is $18 million lower than 2018 due to assumed lower below the line FX benefits in 2019. We expect that 2019 adjusted income tax rate to be 11%. The improvement from our 11.9% rate in 2018 primarily reflects the finalization of our tax planning initiatives tied to U.S tax reform. We are assuming net capital expenditures to be between $800 million to $850 million for the year. This represents an increased investment of approximately $100 million over 2018, driven by capacity and capability expansions in our Pharma Services and bioproduction businesses. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $4.1 million in 2019. The increase over 2018 is primarily driven by expected strong earnings growth. In terms of capital deployment, we are assuming that we will return approximately $300 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends and that guidance also assumes a total of $750 million of share buybacks in 2019, which were completed earlier this month. We estimated full-year average diluted share to be approximately 403 million, and our guidance does not assume any future acquisitions and with the exception of the sale of the AP business, our guidance does not assume any future divestitures. Finally I want to touch on quarterly phasing for the year. In terms of organic revenue growth, we are expecting that Q4 is lower than the yearly average, but the other three quarters are about the same level of growth. In terms of adjusted EPS, we are expecting the same phasing of 2018 when you look at each quarter as a percentage of the total year. So at a high level, in 2019, we expect to deliver 5% organic revenue growth and 8% to 10% adjusted EPS growth. Embedded in the adjusted EPS growth is the headwind of approximately 3% from the -- from FX and the sale of the AP business. The underlying adjusted EPS growth is 11% to 13%.In summary, our 2019 guidance reflects the continuation of very strong financial performance. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth J. Apicerno: Thanks, Stephen. Operator, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. Congrats on the quarter. Marc, I want to start maybe just in terms of whats embedded in guidance for Pharma. Obviously, thats been such a meaningful growth driver for you. It could be up double-digits again this year and how are you feeling about customer M&A? And then any update there on kind of pay down revenue synergies and the St. Louis expansion on [indiscernible]?
Marc N. Casper: Sure. Tycho, thanks and good morning. We're assuming in terms of the year with 5% organic growth for the full-year. We are assuming high single-digit growth in Pharma and Biotech is embedded in the guidance based on the strength of the end market and how well our value proposition is resonating with these customers. We expect the year of continued share gain. In terms of the industry consolidation, as you know, we typically benefit from that consolidation because those customers are looking for synergies and given the unique capabilities that we have, we are very much part of delivering the synergies to those customers. And weve already had meetings with some of the companies that are thinking about getting bigger and that creates good opportunities going forward. In terms of the receptivity to our Patheon acquisition, which we call Pharma Services, the customers are extremely excited that Thermo Fisher has expanded our capabilities there beyond our historical clinical trials business, and we have a very strong set of wins commercially and that bodes well for the future. And timeline for our St. Louis expansion, it should be completed towards the end of the year, so revenue really is a 2020 event from that expansion.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then for a follow-up, can you just comment on the decision to sell Anatomical Pathology? Was it really just a function of being a slower growing business in noncore? And are you looking at other divestitures? I know there's nothing embedded in guidance for additional [indiscernible]?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so Tycho, the Anatomical Pathology business as you know, our job as a management team is really to create shareholder value. And we think that the transaction is both good for Thermo Fisher and good for the Future of the AP business. And we don't have any other divestitures that we're contemplating at this point of time.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper: Thanks, Tycho.
Operator: Next question comes from Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Ross Muken: Good morning, guys, and congrats. So maybe, Marc, just picking up China, obviously lot of headlines, but it continues to be a huge sort of [indiscernible] of strength for you. I guess, how are you thinking about sort of progression of that business this year and have you seen anything in the phasing of orders, whether in the end of 4Q from a month-on-month perspective or into early this year that gives you any pause in any parts of the business?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, Ross, thanks for the question. In terms of China, very strong year, continuing really a trend of many very strong years. And as a reminder, the 5-year plan within China is very focused on expansion of healthcare and improving environmental protection and food safety. It's really creating an improved quality of life for China. So there is strong demand underlying within the market and because of our unique competitive position, weve continued to outpace the market growth. Orders were strong throughout the year. The phasing in Q4 was very good. We did spend time in person with our China leadership team in the first week of January and theyre quite bullish about the prospects for 2019 in terms of both what's going on in the market in terms of -- and also terms of how our customers are perceiving our capabilities and the pipeline of momentum. So 20% organic growth for the year, a very strong fourth quarter as well, good orders. And Im looking forward to going to China at the end of this quarter to spend time with our team and customers.
Ross Muken: Excellent. And maybe just one clarification on the guide and then sort of a follow-up on it. I'm guessing as with prior practice, Gatan is sort of not contemplated or the accretion from that in the guide given your commentary on sort of revenue expectations for the year in terms of M&A. And then secondarily, post Anatomical Pathology assuming that closed in the second quarter, you have a pretty substantial warchest now. How are you just thinking about what we should think from Thermo this year in capital deployment wise? I mean, I know we got the buyback, but more M&A focused just given it seems like youve got is bigger sort of [indiscernible] and balance sheet capabilities youve had in some time?
Marc N. Casper: So, Ross, in terms of Gatan, we don't have that in our results. So we will do that as soon as that closes and our expectation is that it will close in the back half of this year. In terms of the capital deployment, as you know in our long-term 3-year model, primarily we spend and deployed capital on M&A. And we do that over time and we strengthened the balance sheet substantially and Anatomical Pathology will give us even more firepower to deploy over time. And as you know we're incredibly disciplined, so we dont know the timing of M&A, and were not particularly focused on the awareness doing the right deals for our shareholders to create value and over time you will see us continue to deploy capital. From return to capital perspective, as Stephen said, we've done our buybacks and we're assuming in the model for the year.
Ross Muken: Excellent. Thanks, Marc.
Operator: Next question comes from Derik De Bruin, Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: Hi. Good morning. Two questions. The first one would be talking about Patheon, I think one of the concerns when you did the transaction was the fact that the margins in the business were quite a bit lower than Thermos. Can you talk about where the gross margin operating margin is on the Patheon business now and sort of what improvements youve done on that one? And then Ive a follow-up.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so from the Patheon business, our -- as you know, when we acquired the business, it was kind of a mid single-digit type growth business. And where we have really focused in year one is in two different things. The first of which is to accelerate the momentum of that business and we grew just about 10% for the year in that business. It was really nice to see that step up in momentum. So that was the first. The second was to apply PPI widely across the network and that is having a huge impact on margin. So we are in the mid-teens margins now. We will expect that to be increase slightly this year. And the reason for that is we have a couple large expansions that we're doing in St. Louis and in our [indiscernible] finish network, and when you do that you actually higher the quality and production people in advance so that theyre trained in advance of when the capacity comes online, so you can get the benefit. So you expect that margins will be similar this year, and then in the future you would see very nice expansion going forward. So that's how I would think about where we are with the Pharma Services business.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And then just a follow-up on the academic and government market. I mean, weve obviously had some -- the shutdown in the U.S., we've got Brexit and some other government shenanigans going on. I guess, what do you think about the academic and government market and should we model that a little bit more conservatively in Q1, given all the moving parts?
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So what I would say is for embedded in our guidance for the year is low single to mid single-digit growth in academic and government. We had mid single-digit growth in 2018 in the market. And obviously what we are just paying attention to is a little bit more on Europe. We've seen good strength in China. As you know, 70% of the U.S government was funded or is funded through September 30. So the most important thing was NIH and so that's been fine and looks good for the year. And were just paying attention to Europe, so we are giving ourselves a little bit wider range of outcomes for this year. But we feel that between low and mid should be a reasonable outcome for the year.
Derik De Bruin: Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: Hey, good morning guys and thank you for taking my questions. My first one is regarding your long-term organic revenue growth target of 4% to 6%. You clearly grew well above that in 2018, market was helpful. You walked through how the three pillars of your growth strategy are playing out successfully. That being said, I was wondering if you would be willing to maybe breakout how much of the strength in 2018 was better than normal end markets versus your portfolio evolution versus your strong execution? If it's possible to answer that, I think it would help us. We try to assess the sustainability of you generating growth in the higher end of the long-term growth range and the possibility that you might increase the range at some point in the future?
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So, Doug thanks for the questions and good morning. As you know in our long-term model, what weve assumed is 3% to 5% market growth and to grow at least a point faster than the market. Thats sort of the high-level assumption. When I look at 2018 performance, the market was clearly strong. And we accelerated our share gain meaningfully during the course of the year, right? So that was a fantastic execution by the team. When I think about the actions weve taken and one of the things we said at the May Analyst Meeting is as we've invested more and more in the business as we have taken life technologies from a low single-digit growth business to a mid to high as we really driven the synergies on the revenue for FTI, as you see the things we're doing within the Patheon acquisition, a year and half after the close, you get a sense that we're driving to the higher portion of our long-term guidance, because weve changed the mix of the company through adding a ton of value to the businesses weve acquired and strengthening the businesses that weve owned historically. So the 5% starting point for the year is actually the start -- the strongest starting point that Stephen and I could remember in our many years of the company. So we're very bullish about the outlook and we will think about the longer-term model back in May when we look forward to seeing everybody in New York and we'll figure out what the right posture is at that point.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. That's helpful and those last couple remarks are a good segue to my second topic, which is really just making sure or clear on guidance logic and guidance philosophy. Again, Europe against an impressive, but still very difficult 8% core revenue growth comparison heading into 2019. That said, you are up against the tough comp in the last couple of quarters including 7.8% in Q4 17, you grew 9% in the third quarter of this year, another 8% I think plus in the fourth quarter. And if I look at the 2-year stacked average growth rates over the past year and then look at what is implied in your guidance for 2019, one would have to assume that the stack [ph] growth rate actually moderates in '19 to get down to around 5% core growth in '19. You certainly haven't said anything that suggests that things are slowing in any geography or end market. I just want to make sure it's fair to conclude that the biases to the upside if underlying end markets and geographic trends continue, and that you continue to execute the way you have over the last several years. Again, everything sounds great. I just want to make sure were not missing anything and that guidance is really just the function of the comp and the fact that it's still January?
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So very thoughtful. As I think about the year, what is assumed in our initial guidance is that GDP growth will be a bit slower in 2019 versus 2018, because you have uncertainties associated with things like Brexit and trade wars, right? So that's underlying the assumption to start. When you look at the fundamentals of our business, we are not seeing a slowdown in the momentum, right? So the guidance contemplates that the world could get more challenging, but you actually look at what's within our actual order book and sort of customer pipeline, it's very strong. So that's how were thinking about the year and as Stephen has said a couple of times during the course of last year, if the market conditions stay as we have enjoyed over the last year and a half, this will be -- if last year was fantastic, this will be spectacularly fantastic, I dont know. But it'll be just an outstanding year and this guidance allows us to deal with a bit slower GDP growth if that happens.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, Doug, [indiscernible] phasing of organic growth kind of expectation for the year as I described in my prepared remarks.
Doug Schenkel: Thats great. Very helpful, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Good morning. I was hoping you can elaborate on the outlook per FTI this year across the various customer classes and what your outlook assumes for overall growth in that business?
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So, Jack, thanks for the question. So our electron microscopy business had another outstanding year. And when you look at how we've added value to that business, as a reminder, those are low single-digit growth business prior to the acquisition. And we have really accelerated the growth of material sciences, because of the strength of the combination of the portfolio. Our PPI Business System has made their factories more competitive, has improved the lead times and actually has spurred additional demand. And the adoption of Cryo-Electron Microscopy in the life sciences application has been very strong and in fact the Glacios product that we launched started shipping in 2018 also has contributed to the growth. When you look to the outlook for the business, our assumption is that our industrial and applied end market will have a bit of a slower growth because of difficult comparisons, particularly in the second half of the year. Weve good visibility of about six months in our electron microscopy business and it looks good. But we know we have a difficult comparison in the second half of the year, given the strength of that business and we're assuming that the growth will moderate because of that and obviously as the quarters unfold we will know whether that assumption was spot on or not.
Jack Meehan: Thanks. Then as a follow-up, I was hoping you could weigh in on the Specialty Diagnostics margin and the implications for growth. I think it's been a few quarters youve talked about the strategic investments and mix there or so, as we turn to 2019 do you think we can start to see margins moderate and expand and maybe talk about Cascadion and where some of those other strategic investments, how those are expected to ramp in terms of contribution?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, I will talk about growth and then Stephen to talk about -- a little about the margin side of the equation. Nice to see the mid single-digit growth. Steve has done a nice job of capitalizing on opportunities. We are -- we launched our Cascadion product in Europe on a very limited release, so we could get hands-on customer feedback. And the R&D teams are working on menu expansion. Our assumption is that a minor revenue contributor in 2019, but ramping over time and we're excited about the longer-term there. So, Stephen, you want to talk about margin?
Stephen Williamson: Yes, in terms of margin share, were investing -- so clearly investing ahead of the Cascadion launch, another commercialization, making investments in regulatory infrastructure across the globe and also making some good health care economics investments to make sure that we can -- all these are tied to continuing the growth profile for this segment. So I think about this investments going forward, we will continue to invest appropriately, but this will be one of the businesses with lower margin expectation -- expansion expectations versus the other three.
Jack Meehan: Understood. Thank you, guys.
Marc N. Casper: Thanks, Jack.
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for the time here. Just a couple of things that have been touched on in the Q&A already that I would like to press on in a little bit more detailed way. When I think about the relative performance of Thermo -- and Im sorry to bring up a point -- brought up a number of times before, but what really sticks on of course is that the trajectory of market share gains is less about the end markets I think. So my question is, as you look at the portfolio and you think about '19 relative to '18 and '17, is there any reason why the trajectory of share gains maybe most acutely informative -- certainly feel free to correct me on that, is basically stable or maybe even better. Just be helpful to hear how you think about the incremental growth embedded in the plan from share gains?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, Steve, thanks for the question. So when I think about share gain, it's very broad-based across the company, right? And I could think about it from a few different lenses, right? If you think about it geographically, China has been a real area of our share gain relative to the market growth. If you look at it by end market, as you said Pharma and Biotech, clearly we are growing much faster than the competition. And when you look at it by product line, it's a very broad-based, but you see it clearly in our biosciences business, our mass spectrometry business or chromatography business or bio production business, or electron microscopy business, all grew meaningfully faster than the others. Im sorry forgot a few others, but it gives you a sense that we have very strong share gain. As I think about what's embedded in our outlook, the minimum goal that we have is at least 1% growth faster than the market, and we obviously did meaningfully better than that in 2018 and our teams are very excited about the prospects for 2019 and theyre going to go out and execute the best they possibly can and drive a very good year for us.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay. Thank you for that. And then just one -- sorry, it's a little bit of a fine point, but I wonder if you could peel back the layer of the onion a little bit more on the traction that you're seeing with some of the new Phadia launches. It seem like thats been one of the most important drivers of the top line acceleration [indiscernible] in the second half of '18. Can you give us a sense for the sustainability of the incremental growth there? Do you think that is share gain or is it more likely that thats a refresh cycle with existing Phadia customers? How do you think about that? And then I will jump back in queue. Thanks again.
Marc N. Casper: Thanks, Steve. So our allergy business and autoimmunity business had a nice share, good growth. And really, we are a very large percentage of the market. So it's really as we expand our menu and as we help, do the health care economics about the importance of allergy testing, particularly around asthma and all of the effects of asthma that's really what drives the -- drives the growth of that business, expands the market. In the U.S., weve -- we enjoyed good growth and that really is migrating from skin protesting to blood based testing, and so we when we think about the business really is all about market expansion and the benefits the patients get from having allergy test. So thats how we thought about it and the business is doing well and the outlook is very positive for that business as well.
Steve Beuchaw: Thanks again.
Marc N. Casper: Youre welcome.
Operator: Next question comes from Patrick Donnelly, Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Thanks. Good morning. Marc, maybe just can you talk through the outlook in Europe. Obviously, the macro data there is signaling lower growth. You have that layered on with potential shocks of the system like Brexit, given typically political instability tends to disrupt areas like government spending as youve touched on. So it would be helpful just to hear your prospective outlook there for the different segments?
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So, Patrick, thanks for the question. So embedded in our guidance is for Europe for the year is low single-digit to mid single-digit growth. It is what we're assuming within 5% organic growth for the year. When you look at the -- by the segments, we're assuming that academic and government will be a little bit weaker embedded in the guidance versus 2018. At the same point, Horizon 2020 funding looks good and I had the opportunity last week to meet with a couple of the ministers in the U.K government and their commitment to preserving the important life sciences heritage that exists in that country is very strong. So, I think the actions of the governments are taking actually reinforce a reasonable outlook for academic and government, but just given the potential for economic growth to mute -- be a little bit more muted. We are assuming that there's a little bit more pressure there, so we will see how that plays out.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. Makes sense. And maybe just one on the bioprocessing market, given healthy results from you guys, competitors earlier this week, that market clearly seems like it's still pointing up. Can you just talk through the durability of the growth there, drivers that give you confidence in the continued strong growth driving that biopharma segment and then is that were the most upside the guidance is?
Marc N. Casper: So in terms of bioprocessing, we had a very strong year and as youve seen more and more of the molecules have gone from small molecule to large molecule and that really bodes well for the bioprocessing business. And as a reminder, of the four main segments of the activity that exist in bioprocessing, we are the market leader in two, which is [indiscernible] and in single use technologies. And as you know we dont play in a very large way in purification or filtration. So we are enjoying strong growth because of our strength of the position and good market conditions. When I think about the outlook, I would say we feel good about the assumptions of high single-digit growth for Pharma and Biotech in aggregate. And we will work hard to continue to drive to the highest possible growth in that end market.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Dan Arias with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Daniel Arias: Good morning, guys. Thank you. Stephen, maybe just extending the thought on the margin commentary, last quarter you called out the EPS impact from the strategic investments for 2018. Is there a number associated with those types of things for 2019, if we were just sort of trying to track how much of the top line step up that you're seeing is coming back into the business?
Stephen Williamson: I guess, when I think about Q3 and Q4 step up investments we did, that was approximately just over $30 million of more investments. I think about the whole year next year where its 60 basis points of expansion and that includes the right level of strategic investments across all of the businesses. So it's hard to study separately. There's 30 -- about $30 million step up was [indiscernible] kind of the end of the year additional spending in investment level. Now are kind of more of a -- more normal run rate tied to the [indiscernible] organic growth. So I dont give specific numbers on the strategic investments in each of the businesses or in total, but it's going to be an appropriate level of spending given the top line growth that were expecting for the year.
Daniel Arias: Okay. Thank you. And then maybe, Marc, on the tariffs in the manufacturing option that you have is offset just in terms of shifting production around. Im just curious have you had to do that in a meaningful way at this point or is that just sort of part of the contingency plans if things escalate further? Thanks.
Marc N. Casper: So in terms of the tariffs, we've taken some incremental pricing actions, we've taken some incremental sourcing actions, and we have the plans in place to address supply chain if the tariffs really remain permanent. So we know what we would do, but we haven't done a lot of that at this point because it takes a bunch of activity, which we easily can do. But I don't want to do it and then have them move it back or its kind of the way. So we're kind of weighing and seeing a little bit to figure out what the landscape will be on those particular actions. Operator, we have time for just one more.
Operator: And your last question comes from Daniel Brennan with UBS. Your line is open.
Daniel Brennan: Thank you. Thanks for the question. Congrats on the quarter. So, Marc, I was hoping on China, can you just let us know what did actually grow in the quarter? What assumed in for '19 and maybe specifically for your biopharma business there. As we understand it, the countries are [indiscernible] transition from a generic orientation towards the therapeutic focus. So how is your biopharma business doing today in the outlook?
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So we had a very strong quarter. It was -- I think it was something on 19% -- 19%, 19.5% something like that for the quarter, 20% for the year. We're assuming mid-teens growth. This was embedded in the 5% guidance. Feel like thats a reasonable assumption at the starting point. If I think back over history, we've had different levels. I think mid-teens will be one of the more bullish starting points that we had in the year. Remember, we had double-digit in the past and others, but we feel good about the outlook for the share.
Daniel Brennan: And in terms of your biopharma business there, Marc?
Marc N. Casper: [Multiple speakers] really good. If you go five years ago, there was very little other than Chinese traditional medicine. And it's been extremely robust given the emergence of innovative drugs and medicines coming out of the country. So weve had really good growth there and that also adds sustainability to that market. So let me wrap up the call. It's been a fantastic year. But Ive to say we are more excited about the opportunities ahead. We look forward to updating you over the course of 2019. And as always thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks everyone.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.
Analysts: Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Steve Barr Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC Daniel Gregory Brennan - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2018 Third Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President-Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com under the heading Webcasts and Presentations until November 9, 2018. A copy of the press release of our third quarter 2018 earnings and future expectations is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Results. So, before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018, under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is also available in the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during the call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our third quarter 2018 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So, with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thank you, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our Q3 call and, Ken, happy birthday. I'm very pleased to report that we continued our strong growth momentum and delivered another excellent quarter in Q3. Our team executed very well in a strong market environment and continued to capture opportunities to drive growth. Our outstanding performance underscores the impact of our proven growth strategy. We're clearly delivering a differentiated experience for our customers, and that's driving meaningful share gains across our businesses. We have a lot of highlights to cover this quarter and I'll start with an overview of our financial results. As you saw in our press release this morning, our adjusted EPS grew 13% to $2.62 per share in Q3. Our revenue in the quarter increased 16% year-over-year to $5.92 billion. Adjusted operating income increased 12% to $1.31 billion and our adjusted operating margin in Q3 was 22.1%. The combination of great execution by our team and strong market conditions led to outstanding results again this quarter. Our performance puts us in great position to deliver a fantastic 2018. Now, let me give you a little color on our performance by end market. All of our end markets were strong in Q3. We took advantage of the favorable conditions and effectively leveraged our customer value proposition to drive growth. In pharma and biotech, we delivered high-teens growth in the quarter and continued to see strength in all of our businesses serving this end market. As you know, we're uniquely positioned to enable success for our pharma and biotech customers and that results in significant share gain for Thermo Fisher. Turning to diagnostics and healthcare, we grew in the mid-single digits in the quarter and saw strong growth  strong demand in this end market. In academic and government, we grew in the mid-single digits. It was great to see a continuation of the positive funding dynamics in the U.S. during the quarter. And finally, in industrial and applied, we delivered high-single digit growth in Q3 led by strong performance across our Analytical Instruments businesses. A quick comment on our overall performance from a geographic lens: we continued to see good conditions in our end markets globally and this was highlighted by another very strong quarter in China where we delivered more than 20% growth. So, it was another great quarter. We executed very well to capitalize on the strong market conditions across the board. As I mentioned at the beginning of my remarks, our results point to our proven growth strategy and our ability to execute consistently over a long period of time. We've been building on our leadership position by making significant investments in R&D, leveraging our scale in high-growth regions, and providing increasing value for our customers. I'm going to cover a few of the highlights from the quarter that reinforces the success of our strategy. As you know, one of the elements of our growth strategy is our ongoing commitment to developing high impact innovative new products. I've highlighted quite a few so far this year and Q3 is another great example of how we develop products that make a huge difference for our customers. We had a number of launches across our businesses in the quarter, but I'll single out a few of the new instruments that we've introduced. First, at the meeting of the American Association of Clinical Chemistry in late July, we launched the Phadia 200 which recently received the CE mark for sale in Europe. This is a fully-automated benchtop system that can perform up to 700 different ImmunoCAP and EliA tests to diagnose allergies and autoimmune diseases. Phadia 200 is perfect for smaller diagnostic labs and its flexible menu of tests minimizes the need to send samples offsite. This helps clinical labs retain control over the samples and improve operational efficiency. At the Microscopy & Microanalysis Conference in August, we launched a number of new products that expand our leading electron microscopy portfolio to enable discoveries for both academic and industrial customers. One of the highlights was our new Thermo Scientific Phenom Pharos desktop scanning electron microscope. This is a first of its kind instrument that features advanced detectors to generate high-resolution images in a benchtop model. It's easy to operate and allows researchers to capture an image in less than 25 seconds. The Phenom Pharos makes advanced microscopy technology accessible to a much broader customer base for a range of material science applications. In our biosciences business, we introduced a new digital microscope for cell imaging during the quarter, the Invitrogen EVOS M5000 system, which is designed to provide biologists with a simplified process for cell imaging that produces publication quality images in minutes. I was thrilled to participate in the unveiling of this new product when I visited our site in Bothell, Washington. Last, in mass spectrometry, we introduced the Thermo Scientific ISQ EM single quad, which raises the standard of performance for productivity in high volume LC-MS labs. This new system has the power to detect and quantify small and large molecules for a range of applications from drug development to manufacturing quality control. Another element of our growth strategy is the advantage we gain by leveraging our scale in emerging and high growth markets. We had strong performance in these regions again in Q3 with China leading the way. We're very pleased that our efforts to expand our presence in these markets have produced strong results for some time, but what's even more exciting is that we see many untapped opportunities for future growth. Take China for example. As I mentioned earlier, we had another outstanding quarter there with strong demand across all of our end markets, but especially from our life sciences customers. As you know, we've been doing business in China for many years, supporting national priorities like better health care, a cleaner environment and safer food. When I think about how the market has evolved, a few years ago there was limited life science research activity in China. Today, it's a growing contributor to our results. And we're benefiting from the Precision Medicine and Cryo-EM Centers that we've established there, which are giving our customers exposure to our leading life sciences technologies. I'm looking forward to spending time with our China team next week to participate in the ribbon-cutting of our new commercial office in Beijing and I also plan on meeting with a number of our life sciences customers who are eager to learn how we can help them advance their work. Now I'll turn to the last element of our growth strategy which is our unique customer value proposition. As a reminder, we leverage our value proposition to help our customers accelerate innovation and enhance productivity. This has allowed us to establish scale relationships that give us differential access to our customers. And, of course, we continue to strengthen our value proposition to build on these relationships and gain share. As an example, the acquisition of Patheon a little over a year ago has further differentiated our value proposition for pharma and biotech customers. We've created a strong pharma services capability by combining Patheon's drug formulation, development and manufacturing services with our clinical trials logistics. With our full suite of services, our customers can better leverage our deep expertise while optimizing their capital investments. We're continuing to invest to further strengthen our pharma services business and began construction in Q3 to expand our manufacturing site in St. Louis. We produce biologic therapies for the treatment of various cancers and inflammatory disorders there. Once completed at the end of 2019, St. Louis will be the largest outsourced single-use biologics site in North America. To enhance our bioproduction offering, we announced during Q3 that we signed an agreement to acquire BD's Advanced Bioprocessing business, which provides media supplements that are highly complementary to our cell culture media. Adding these products will allow us to help customers maximize yield and reduce variability in the production of biologic drugs. So, we continued our strong momentum in each element of our growth strategy in Q3 to become a stronger partner for our customers and widen our lead versus the competition. Before turning to our guidance, I'll give you a quick update on our capital deployment strategy. We made great progress on all fronts. We significantly de-levered, and Stephen will give you those details. In addition, we're on track to deploy a total of $2.2 billion this year. This includes $1.5 billion of M&A. We've closed the IntegenX acquisition and look forward to completing the acquisitions of Advanced Bioprocessing and Gatan. We also continue to have a very active deal pipeline. We will also return $775 million of capital, which is a combination of $275 million of dividends and $500 million of stock buybacks. Let me take a moment to give you a quick update on the integration of Patheon now that we've passed the one year anniversary of the acquisition. The integration continues to go very smoothly, the business is performing well and our results are running ahead of our original expectations. We're very pleased with the progress we're making in driving revenue synergies, so let me give you a couple of examples. First, we had some nice quick wins in our clinical trials business by providing these services to our legacy Patheon customers. Second, legacy Patheon is benefiting from access to our broader customer base, which bodes very well for the future. We have a number of revenue synergy opportunities as a result of the combination, and we're excited about the growth outlook for our pharma services business. So we continue to successfully execute our capital deployment strategy to create value for our customers and shareholders. Turning to our guidance, as you saw in our press release, we're raising both our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance for the year. The increase is based primarily on our strong operational performance, partially offset by a less favorable foreign exchange environment. We're raising our revenue guidance to a new range of $23.99 billion to $24.09 billion for 2018, resulting in 15% growth over 2017. In terms of adjusted EPS, we now expect to deliver between $11 and $11.06 per share. This will lead to 16% to 17% growth over the strong adjusted EPS performance we delivered in 2017. So, to summarize our key takeaways from Q3, we executed well to take advantage of the strong conditions across our end markets, we're continuing to build on our leadership through our proven growth strategy, we're deploying our capital to strengthen the company and create shareholder value, and we're effectively delivering a differentiated customer experience to drive share gain. With that, I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. I'll take you through an overview of our third quarter results for the total company, provide some color on our four business segments, then conclude with our updated 2018 guidance. Before I get into the details of our financial performance, I'll provide a high level view of how the third quarter played out versus our expectations during our last earnings call in July. As you saw in our press release, we had a very strong quarter with 10% organic growth and 13% adjusted EPS growth. It was driven by great operational execution and continued strong market conditions. We delivered $0.12 more adjusted earnings per share in Q3 than we had assumed at the midpoint of our previous guidance. This is driven by $0.10 stronger operational performance and $0.05 better below-the-line driven by FX, lower interest costs and lower tax. And this is partially offset by $0.03 of increased reinvestment in the business; so another excellent quarter. Let me share some more details on Q3. Starting with earnings per share, this quarter we grew adjusted EPS by 13% to $2.62 and GAAP EPS was $1.75, up 31% from Q3 last year. On the top line, our reported revenue grew 16% year-over-year. The components of our Q3 reported revenue increase included 10% organic growth, 7% growth from acquisitions, and a 1% headwind from foreign exchange. Looking at growth by geography, as Marc mentioned, our markets were strong across the globe in Q3. North America and Europe both grew in the high-single digits. Asia-Pacific grew in the low-teens including another quarter of very strong growth in China. And rest of the world grew in the high-single digits. Turning to our operational performance, Q3 adjusted operating income increased 12%, and adjusted operating margin was 22.1%, down 80 basis points from Q3 of last year. As expected, the impact of acquisitions and FX was approximately 90 basis points in the quarter. So, operationally, we increased margins 10 basis points. We saw very strong volume leverage and good contributions from our PPI Business System, but this was largely offset by business mix and strategic investments. Regarding the investments, given the continued strong market conditions and a very strong topline growth, we're taking the opportunity to selectively increase investments in a few of our businesses to help maximize our long-term growth prospects. We've been able to make these additional investments and deliver 12% year-over-year increase in adjusted operating income dollars, so a very strong quarter. Moving on to the details of the P&L, total company adjusted gross margin came in at 46.2% in Q3, down 220 basis points from the prior year. Strong productivity was more than offset by the expected dilutive impact of our acquisitions and unfavorable business mix and strategic investments. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 20.1% of revenue, which is down 120 basis points versus Q3 2017, and total R&D expense came in at 4.1% of revenue, down 20 basis points versus Q3 last year. Both of these were primarily due to the impact of acquisitions. R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue in Q3 was 6.8%, up 20 basis points from Q3 2017, reflecting the increase in strategic investments. Looking at our results below the line, net interest expense was $121 million, down $11 million from Q3 last year, driven primarily by improved interest income. Adjusted other income and expense was a net income in the quarter of $14 million, which is slightly favorable versus Q3 2017, driven primarily by changes in non-operating foreign exchange. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 11.5%, down 30 basis points versus last year, primarily due to the impact of U.S. tax reform. The adjusted tax rate was lower than last quarter due to the timing of discrete tax planning items. Q3 average diluted shares were 406 million, up 6 million year-over-year. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, cash flow from continuing operations for the first nine months of the year was $2.7 billion and free cash flow was $2.3 billion after deducting net capital expenditures of about $400 million. We ended the quarter with $1.1 billion in cash and investments. Early in Q4, we've repurchased $250 million of our shares, bringing the total repurchases for 2018 to $500 million. This is in line with our prior guidance. We returned $70 million to shareholders through dividends in the quarter. Our total debt at the end of Q3 was $18.8 billion, down $600 million sequentially from Q2. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.1 times total debt to adjusted EBITDA, down from 3.3 times last quarter and down from 4.4 times at this point last year. This demonstrates the strength of our cash flow and our commitment to delever. Wrapping up my comments in our total company performance, adjusted ROIC was 10.4%, up 10 basis points from last quarter and up 60 basis points from Q3 last year, as we continue to generate very strong returns. Now, I'll provide some color on the performance of our four business segments, starting with Life Sciences Solutions. Reported revenue in this segment increased 9% in Q3 and organic revenue growth was 10%. In the quarter, we continued to see strong growth in this segment led by bioproduction, biosciences, and clinical next-gen sequencing. Q3 adjusted operating income in Life Sciences Solutions increased 9% and adjusted operating margin was 32.9%, up 20 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we drove very strong volume pull-through and good productivity, which is partially offset by unfavorable business mix, strategic investments and the expected impact of acquisitions. In the Analytical Instruments Segment, reported revenue increased 12% in Q3 and organic revenue growth was also 12%. In the quarter, we saw very good growth across all of our businesses in the segment. Q3 adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments grew 15% and adjusted operating margin was 22%, up 40 basis points year-over-year. We saw very strong volume leverage and productivity, partially offset by strategic investments and unfavorable business mix. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics Segment, in Q3 total revenue grew 6% and organic revenue growth was 7%. Strong growth in this segment was led by our healthcare market channel and the transplant and clinical diagnostics businesses. Adjusted operating income increased 2% in Q3 and adjusted operating margin was 25%, down 90 basis points from the prior year. In the quarter, we saw good volume leverage and productivity. This was more than offset by strategic investments and unfavorable business mix. Finally, in the Lab Products and Services Segment, which includes the legacy Patheon business, Q3 reported revenue increased 28%, organic revenue growth was 11%. In the quarter, we saw strong growth across all businesses in the segment led by our clinical trials logistics business and our research and safety market channel. Adjusted operating income in the segment increased 23% and adjusted operating margin was 12.1%, down 50 basis points from the prior year. In the quarter, we saw good volume leverage and productivity. However, this was more than offset by business mix and strategic investments. I'll now move on to our updated full year 2018 guidance. As you saw in our press release, we're raising both our revenue and adjusted earnings per share guidance. Let me walk you through the details. I'll start with revenue. We're raising the midpoint of our revenue guidance by $275 million and tightening the range by $80 million. The $275 million increase to the midpoint consists of two elements: a $315 million increase in our organic growth outlook for the year and $40 million less favorable FX. The $315 million organic growth increase factors in the stronger Q3 performance and a $45 million organic increase for Q4. So our guidance now assumes 7% organic growth for the full year. Turning to adjusted earnings per share, we've increased the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.08. This reflects the following changes from the prior guidance: a $0.17 increase in operational performance, which is $0.12 in organic growth pull-through and $0.05 lower interest and tax; a $0.01 reduction due to less favorable FX; and a decision to make $0.08 in additional strategic investments to maximize our long-term growth prospects. To sum this up, our 2018 revenue guidance is now a range of $23.99 billion to $24.09 billion, which represents 15% growth versus 2017. Acquisitions are expected to continue to contribute about 7% to our reported revenue growth in 2018, and FX is expected to be a benefit of 1%. Our updated adjusted earnings per share guidance for 2018 is now a range of $11 to $11.06, with a midpoint of $11.03. This represents growth of 16% to 17% versus 2017. Now I'll provide a few other details behind the revised 2018 guidance. We're assuming that foreign exchange will be about $170 million revenue tailwind for the year, approximately 1%. The FX tailwind on adjusted EPS is assumed to be $0.13 or 1.4%. There's been a slight change in the composition of tariffs, but we continue to expect that the 2018 gross impact for the company is $14 million, and we're executing actions to fully offset the impact in 2018, so we continue to expect that tariffs will have no net impact this year. We now expect adjusted operating margin expansion to be between zero and 10 basis points for the year. Operationally, we're increasing margins 50 to 60 basis points. And as expected, the impact from acquisitions is approximately 50 basis points. We expect net interest expense to be in the range of $525 million to $530 million, it's a reduction of approximately $20 million from our previous guidance due to higher interest income and active management of our debt portfolio. We're now assuming other income and expense to be net income of just over $20 million, a slight improvement to our prior guidance due to non-operating FX benefits realized in Q3. We expect an adjusted income tax rate of 11.9% for the year, a 10-basis point improvement from our prior guidance due to benefits from our tax planning. Our guidance continues to assume $500 million of share buybacks in 2018. As I mentioned earlier, all of these have now been executed. We expect that the full year average diluted shares will be in the range of 405 million to 407 million, no change from previous guidance. We continue to expect to return approximately $275 million of capital to shareholders through dividends. Our guidance does not include any future acquisitions or divestitures. We continue to assume that net capital expenditures will be approximately $700 million to $730 million. And for free cash flow, we're expecting about $3.8 billion for the year, consistent with previous guidance. So, in summary, we delivered another excellent quarter in Q3 and we're in a great position to deliver a very successful year. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Stephen. Operator, we're ready to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. Your first question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, thanks. Congrats on the quarter. Marc, I want to start with the Analytical Instruments business. Great organic growth, the comp was even more difficult than it was last quarter. Can you maybe parse out some of the components there? How much of that was FEI versus other pieces?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. So, as a reminder  Tycho, thanks for the question. We have three businesses in our Analytical Instruments business: materials and structural analysis which is electron microscopy and spectroscopy; chromatography mass spectrometry and chemical analysis. All three businesses had double-digit growth; very strong quarter. It was great to see continued momentum in electron microscopy; orders were strong. Chromo mass spec really doing a great job. And chemical analysis actually really had a terrific quarter. So great strength across the businesses.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then maybe just for the follow-up, you're obviously putting up exceptional numbers. The comps do start to get a little bit more difficult and, obviously, the macro outlook is a little bit shaky. So, as we think ahead to next year, I'm just wondering if you can talk qualitatively about what markets you think could accelerate versus decelerate. Do you think pharma given that you've anniversaried Patheon and added BD Biosciences can actually accelerate? And how do you think about China heading into next year as well?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: The end markets are fantastic, Tycho, and we see that across geographically, we see it across the four end markets. The company is executing very well. I feel very proud of how our colleagues are working around the world. And we are gaining share across a large number of businesses, and that bodes well for an excellent 2019. So we're super excited. And of course, we look forward to giving the guidance and all the details. We'll do that in late January next year. But outlook is great.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Good morning, guys, and happy birthday, Ken.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thank you, Ross.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: I'm sad I didn't get the birthday invite for the 30th, but maybe next time.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Don't hold your breath.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: So maybe let's start on the pharma channel. Obviously, given what we've seen in terms of your results, it feels like pretty broad strength there as well as on the bioproduction side. So, give us a feel for kind of how you're thinking about the sustainability of some of the trends there and where you feel like you're gaining share, because I think it's probably still benefits from actions made years ago as you kind of integrated into that customer base and, obviously, touched them in a unique way. So just give us a feel for kind of the product segments and the duration in terms of some of that upside we're seeing.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, Ross, another very strong quarter in pharma and biotech. And from a business perspective, bioproduction was very strong, chromatography and mass spectrometry, the research channel and our pharma services business, which includes both clinical trials and legacy Patheon, all had very good quarters. And if I omitted any, it wasn't because they didn't have good quarters. We saw excellent momentum across our portfolio. The way I think about the end market is we have very scale relationships with these customers, whether they're smaller companies or larger ones. Commercially, we serve them in a different way. We have great access to the decision-makers because of the scale of those relationships. And every time we bring a new capability in, it allows us for yet another dialog across the whole portfolio, not just what we add to it organically or inorganically, and that has driven great momentum in the business. So, the [objectives] that we outlined in 2006 in terms of how we're going to serve pharma and biotech, it keeps getting better and better in terms of our performance and, obviously, the underlying end market is strong as well.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: And maybe, Stephen, just on the margin side, obviously, we knew the pull-through this quarter wasn't going to be as good, and next quarter, obviously, you're forecasting fantastic margin expansion. Maybe can you just give us a little bit of the puts and takes because I've gotten just a bunch of questions, but I know there was some pieces particularly around Patheon that impacted this quarter and kind of reverse next quarter. So, any other detail around that sort of sequential cadence would be helpful.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. So, in terms of margins in the current quarter, the business mix is really driven by the very high growth across the company. All businesses grew well, but just in terms of the relative growth and the relative profitability of the parts created some of the mix dynamics. So, Specialty Diagnostics, which had a great quarter for diagnostics, but was significantly below the company average, but higher than the average profit margin so that put some mix pressure on the reported margins. And then in the Lab Products and Services, we got some relatively lower profitability service lines, for example, the channel which had exceptional growth, and that also then created some reported mix pressure in the margins. Overall, we grew adjusted operating income dollars 12%, which is really what counts at the end of the day, but in terms what the noise, in terms of the mix of how that came through. As think about Q4, we're looking at more  a tighter range of organic growth across the businesses, so there's less mix dynamic. Also sequentially, Q3 to Q4, as you said, we've got the pharma services business will be significantly more profitable due to the non-repeat of the impact of the hurricane that we had in Q3 last year. It's one of the largest pieces to that. So those are the main drivers.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks and good morning. Marc, I was hoping you could elaborate on what you're seeing on the ground now in China related to trade and tariffs. And given the strength of the quarter, was there anything that you think had pulled forward into the third quarter from the fourth quarter or beyond?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. So, Jack, thanks for the question. China was very strong and another better than 20% quarter. It's better than 20% year-to-date. Bookings once again grew faster than revenue; positive book-to-bill. Reviewed with the team the performance and they feel very good about the outlook. In terms of pulled forward, we're not seeing anything, nothing that we've noticed out of the ordinary in terms of customer buying behavior. But looking forward, as I mentioned earlier, I'll be in China next week and seeing a number of customers, spending time with the team, (34:20) government, things of that sort. It's a great market and we're so incredibly well positioned to serve the various segments from food safety to life sciences to diagnostics. It's just a great market that's served us well in the past, and we look forward to a great future.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you. And similar to that, just was hoping you could elaborate on what expectations are built into the fourth quarter. You've got a great start to the year, about 8% year-to-date organic. I think that implies about 3% to 4% is caked in for the fourth quarter. So, are you assuming anything related to budget flush? I'm guessing no, but if you could elaborate on what's built in that would be great.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, Jack. Thanks for that. This is an important question. Thank you. So, in terms of the outlook, for Q4, what's implied in our guidance is that we increased our Q4 outlook by about 1 point, as Stephen mentioned, organically. So, when I think about what's assumed, obviously, we're a few weeks into the quarter, so we have good visibility into how things are shaping up. And the assumption on year-end money is the exact same assumption that we've used all year, and it's our normal convention, which is that we will see normal year-end spend relative to the very strong year-end spend we saw last year. And if we see a strong year-end spend or a budget flush beyond sort of the normal, then this will truly be yet another just a spectacular quarter and, either way, we're going to have a fantastic year and setting ourselves up for a great 2019. So, we won't know the budget flush numbers until a couple of weeks left in the year, so it's one of those things where normal is the right way to think about how you do guidance and, if it's better, great, and if it's not, then we're well-positioned to achieve our numbers.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, Marc.
Operator: Your next question comes from Derik de Bruin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. It's Mike Ryskin on for Derik. I have a couple of quick questions. You highlighted a few times share gains across the business, meaningful share gains. Can you add a little bit of color where you're seeing some of the biggest strength? I mean, obviously, I think it looks like a lot of its in pharma, but a little bit more color on specific product segments or geographies or customer types.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Mike, thanks for the question. In terms of share gain, we're growing faster than the rate of growth in China. That's through a geographic lens. I would say we're also growing probably faster than the rate of growth in North America as well. From an end market perspective, we're growing faster from a pharma and biotech than others and, from a product perspective, it's fairly broad-based, but it's nice to see continued really strong growth in chromatography and mass spectrometry, that's done very nicely. Our biosciences business is something I featured in our last quarter's call, continues to have great momentum. So that's another area. And bioproduction, looking at what's been reported in terms of results from a couple of companies that reported so far, we grew faster than those that have reported. So, those would be examples.
Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. And then about the investments you talked about making, again, where are they coming in? The investments you talked about in this quarter and then going forward, is there any area you're emphasizing? And along that line, the Phadia product you launched in Europe, how does that fit in into the market and can you talk a little bit about how that's positioned?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Sure. I'll talk about the new instrument and Stephen will talk about the investments. So, we launched  we have a very strong allergy and autoimmune franchise globally, and we refreshed one of the key products, which is the lower and in terms of volume instrument platform for smaller labs to be able to run their full menu of allergy and autoimmunity tests on that new updated platform. Why that's relevant is, in many markets, the economics of keeping the tests in-house are better than the economics of sending the samples out. So, by having the ability to serve that smaller customer set with a very up-to-date instrument, it allows them to improve their economics. So we're very excited about that new product launch. And our allergy and autoimmune business continues to perform very well. Stephen, you want to talk about investments?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. So, in terms of the investments, given the strong market conditions and our strong top line growth, we're taking the opportunity to selectively increase investments in a few of the businesses to help maximize long-term growth prospects. So the additional investments are really in four businesses: biosciences, chrome and mass spec, electron microscopy, and pharma services where we're on great growth trajectory and we believe, by selective additional growth investments, we can continue that business momentum. And so the investments are really made to accelerate R&D commercial effectiveness programs and scale up production capacity.
Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Hey, Doug.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Over the years, we've heard you talk a lot about your value proposition in biopharma and how successful you've been there. It looks like you're gaining share across all end markets, so I'm curious if you'd be willing to provide an update on how you're progressing with your efforts to essentially apply that biopharma playbook  biopharma value proposition playbook to other end markets? Essentially, how are those efforts progressing?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. So, Doug, thanks for the question. So, the value proposition has done very well in more than just pharma; biotech business has obviously done exceptional there. It's done very well in serving the reference lab accounts around the world from a diagnostics and healthcare perspective where they're very focused on productivity. That's been a big driver. Your big industrial companies also are big adopters of the methodology; the chemical, petrochemical, those types of customers also. So that's a customer lens. But, interestingly enough, when you think about those other segments, our geographic strategy of leveraging our scale in Asia-Pacific and the high-growth regions, that really has served those three end markets incredibly well because we just provided an amazing experience in terms of service and support because of our scale to those markets, and that's allowed us to drive very strong growth beyond just pharma and biotech.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And thank you for that, Marc. And going back to, I guess kind of an earlier question, just building off of an earlier question. You're on track to deliver organic growth well above your three-year target this year. You've talked over the last few calls about what the key drivers have been. I'm curious, one, what's been most surprising? And then, looking ahead, how should we think about your three-year growth target in the context of a strong 2018? Do you think your  is it fair after four really strong quarters where, on a trailing basis, organic growth has been about 8% to conclude that the core growth rate of the business has improved?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. We're performing very well. The end markets are good, right? And we're executing well and our customers really value what we do for them and that's driven good share gains. So, as you parse through the end markets, we're clearly growing faster than others and that's good performance. When I think about the three-year outlook, we're going to finish this year stronger than what we assumed in the May Analyst Meeting. So, our jumping off point is going to be great. And the fundamentals of our industry are fantastic, right? So, we are excited about the long-term prospects that we outlined in May and we're very well positioned to deliver those results and continue to create significant shareholder value. If I think about how this year has unfolded and am I surprised? No, I'm not surprised. The team has done a really good job. I think the amount of dialog that we've been able to generate post the acquisition of Patheon has been very good for as, for the whole business. It really has just reenergized excitement in the pharma and biotech end market, which was  been doing really well, so I think that's been really good. And I would say that the North American market is doing better than what we've seen for a number of years, right? And I can't tell you whether that's tax reform or what the underlying driver is, but fundamentally, our North American business is growing at a rate that's better than what we've seen and that really is terrific. So, we feel good about how the year's shaping up. We feel good about our outlook and we're super excited about the midterm outlook as well, as well as long term.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning, and thanks for the time. I'll ask one for Marc and one for Stephen. The one for Marc is I wonder if you could zoom out a little bit on the Patheon business and the environment around Patheon. Clearly, the synergies, the commercial synergies and the call point strengths between Patheon, CTS and the rest of your businesses are driving some accelerated interest and synergy there, but do you think that what you and maybe some others are delivering in terms of scale for contract manufacturing is driving a structural change to the way that your partners think about the appeal of that type of service, think that there's been a change to the structural growth rate of that segment of the market? And then, my question for Stephen actually jumps off on some earlier comments on Patheon and it's more about growth in margins into 2019. I think, if we think about 2018, we didn't have a benefit for the full year from Patheon because it wasn't in the organic build fully. We did have a margin impact. Can you talk at all prospectively about what you see for the impact to topline and margins given the announced acquisitions, some of which are closing soon, and Patheon, which of course becomes a part of the organic going forward? And I'll apologize here for the very long-winded question. Thanks, guys.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So, Steve, in terms of the growth rate for pharma services, it's an attractive market. It's got good growth prospects. We're performing well; the business is actually growing faster than what we assumed in the deal model and the outlook looks good. I believe that a company like Thermo Fisher, given its trusted relationships that we've built over a very long time, will have a huge impact on changing the dynamic in the industry. The dialog is certainly very positive, but it hasn't happened yet in terms of change in the structural dynamics of the industry at this point. It's more in the early phases of enthusiasm and exploratory conversations. It's good to see that the revenue synergies actually have materialized faster, right? And remember that it's a very long cycle business. So, what we have is not only what showed up in the P&L, but we have visibility to what the longer-term growth is and it looks good, because the customer feedback is positive. So we'll continue to execute to really drive good growth and good profitability into the business. And Stephen will talk a little bit about margins.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. So, Steve, in terms of the margins, actually Ross's question earlier about the sequential change Q3 to Q4, I highlighted in 2018 the non-repeat of the impact of the hurricane. The other piece for 2018 and the sequential part in our margins is that, for the first nine months, we've been basically bringing in Patheon's financials into the company, incorporating them into the overall company. That's put a pressure on margins of about 90 basis points in the quarter. We're through the anniversary date now, so you don't get that impact going forward. It's just natural margin expansion from that business and the impact of synergies, plus the benefit of the hurricane. So Q4 would be strong margin expansion. As the outlook for 2019, we think about the strong growth in that business both from a market standpoint plus the additional action of the share gain that we're taking in terms of setting up and the synergies, that strong growth will print at a good margin coming into that business to expand  basically, to expand the margins of the pharma services group. So, you'll see that come in the overall margin expansion of the company in 2019 and beyond.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks so much.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Arias with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks. Marc, on academic demand, obviously the segments that are exposed there are doing well. So, I'm just curious about the extent to which you feel like the businesses are actually benefiting from the funding improvement in the U.S. versus just share gains and some really good execution. Do you feel like at the end of the day organic growth is higher because the NIH budget is up?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, absolutely, Dan. The environment is good. It's nice to see how NIH has been funded. I think it's been 20 years or so since NIH had its budget locked up in advance of the fiscal year. It's a long time. So, having clarity going into the first nine months of 2019 on a budget increase is really excellent. And obviously, we're excited about the cryo-electron microscopy program that got $130 million of allocation earlier in the year on a multiyear basis. So that bodes well for us as well. So the market conditions are good in North America. It's flowing through our business and we feel good about that. And we continue to see a good outlook for academic and government around the world.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then maybe just following up with one on the Analytical segment, specific to FEI. Is the semiconductor portion of that business seeing any impact at all from the ups and downs in the macro picture? I know there's a skew towards R&D there and, obviously, things look good overall, so I'm just curious if you've been seeing any fluctuation on that side of the business.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So, thanks. Materials and structural analysis had a very good quarter. Electron microscopy, a portion of that business, had a very good quarter. And the materials science applications, which includes semiconductor and all of the other things from batteries to all of the basic materials science research, did very well. We had good growth in the pieces of it. So it's broad-based strength. And we feel well-positioned to serve the semiconductor market, and also because China, in particular, is building up a large infrastructure to support their own semiconductor needs that bodes well for some period of time ahead.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks a bunch.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe, Marc, just on the macro front, given some mixed industrials earnings this week, lower European PMIs this morning, can you just talk through how you're feeling on the more macro sensitive areas like chemical, core industrial markets? Any trends you see in there recently that make you feel kind of constructive going forward?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Patrick, thank you for the question. Chemical analysis is probably our instrument business that probably has the best sort of what's going on purely from a macro GDP perspective; very, very strong Q3 and good bookings growth. Won some nice mining orders which will ship in the future. I always like to look at mining because it gives you a sense of sort of what the longer-term outlook is. And when you see growth there, that typically is positive. So the signs that we see are good, right? And it was nice to deliver high-single digit growth in the industrial and applied markets. So, we pay attention to all of the other macro trends, but in our business things continue to look very good.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's helpful color. Thanks. And then maybe just on the tariff initiatives to minimize that impact, could you just provide a little more color what you guys are doing there and then also the confidence level that we're not going to see any impact in 2019 for you?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. It's a good question. So, we provided like super-granular detail on tariffs and it will probably stop at some point because the point of doing that is, this category of products is not the focus of what the tariffs are in China in particular because the Chinese government needs these products to advance their initiatives, right? So many of these categories aren't tariffed and it's not been a huge economic impact. And what we've done is we have increased pricing in certain places. We are making adjustments to our supply chain. That takes a little longer obviously, but we're comfortable in our ability to fully offset that impact in 2018 and then make the structural changes that we need to make, if any, to position ourselves for great success going forward.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Appreciate the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Hi, Steve.
Steve Barr Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Two questions for you. First, Stephen, you made some comments regarding some incremental investment spending it looks like going to $0.03 worth in the third quarter and maybe another $0.05 in the fourth quarter. Just wondering is that something that continues into or through 2019 at a similar type of run rate? Just wondering how sustainable and then one quick follow-up as well.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So, in total, its $0.08; it's roughly $15 million in Q3 and $20 million in Q4. So, we're going to be investing in these businesses appropriately given the top line environment and the long-term outlook. So there will be some continuation going forward, but that's matched with good growth prospects for the businesses.
Steve Barr Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Got you. And then could you just remind us in the fourth quarter last year, how much of an impact there was to your SG&A from the one-time bonuses you guys paid out related to tax reform?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes, approximately $30 million.
Steve Barr Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: $30 million. Thank you.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning. A bit of a follow-up to that last macro question, Marc. Yesterday had two competitors sort of raise a yellow flag around some end markets in Europe. Just curious what you're seeing from a macro perspective there, especially around the pharma and more cyclical industrial areas.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: We got high-single digit growth in Europe. Business is performing well. I was in Europe towards the end of the quarter; met with customers, met with our teams. They feel good about the environment. I'm heading back in November. And the business is performing well.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Fair enough. And then last one would be would love to hear some of your comments on the Advanced Bioprocessing business acquisition, kind of what you see is the growth trajectory of that asset, and how synergistic you see it as with the rest of the Thermo bioprocessing portfolio, and perhaps the size of the customer base would be useful. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. So, we'll get into more of the details when we close the transaction. It's about a $100 million business; very complementary to our offering in bioproduction. As a reminder, we're the market leader in single-use technologies and in the cell culture media. The supplements, which is what this business is that we're acquiring, used in conjunction with media allows customers to get better yields and reduce variability in the production process. So it's very positive. It's one of those things where it's one plus one equals more than two because you are able to leverage the customer relationships were each company has strength, you're able to optimize offerings, you're able to leverage the expertise of both commercial teams and those relationships. So we're really excited about it and it'll be a nice accretive transaction to the business.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Operator, we have time for one more.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Brennan with UBS. Your line is open.
Daniel Gregory Brennan - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Hey, Marc. Thanks. So, a couple questions. First, going back to biopharma, I'm just wondering, Marc, could you provide a little more color in terms of the share gains that you're seeing? How much of this is from namely you're seeing new customers as you kind of synergize across all the different buckets of products you have versus maybe using a little bit of price that you can now leverage across a broader set of products? Or simply did the customers really appreciate the ability to bundle and just kind of have logistically a lot of your great products in one bag? Just trying to look for little more color on that. Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, Dan. Thanks for the question. Effectively, every biotech and pharmaceutical customer around the world has some relationship with Thermo Fisher Scientific today. But what we're seeing is that the multiproduct line and service line relationships, we're just getting larger and larger relationships where customers are just working with us and more and more service lines because our businesses are doing a good job of creating value for them, and therefore they want to work with this more closely. And because of the scale of our company, the depth of our offering and the ability to really have very, very meaningful relationships in terms of impact with those customers, they want to spend more time with us and that creates new opportunities. So, that's how I think about it. And we're seeing great momentum across the customer base from that perspective.
Daniel Gregory Brennan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then maybe just as a quick follow-up, could I ask just on M&A, just kind of what looks most interesting to you today, Marc, from an M&A perspective? And does the more volatile macro, does that help or hurt your ability to do deals? Possibly, it could swing either way, just wondering. Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, the pipeline is quite busy, so I feel good about it, and I think the short-term ups and downs of the macro probably don't have a very significant effect on the M&A environment. So, it's our job to apply our strict criteria and identify the right opportunities that are going to strengthen the company and create shareholder value. And I feel good about the one transaction we've closed, the two that we're in the late stage of finalizing, and the many interesting ones we're looking at. So we're well-positioned. Interestingly enough, what's nice as we go into the year is we de-levered from over 4.4 times leverage a year ago to 3.1 times leverage. As we enter 2019, we have a lot of firepower and we'll be able to capitalize on that on the right opportunity. So, it's a very exciting time from a capital deployment perspective.
Daniel Gregory Brennan - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Dan.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So, let me wrap up the call. With three strong quarters behind us, we're in a very strong position to achieve a very successful 2018. As always, thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific and we look forward to updating you on our fourth quarter call. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.
Analysts: Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC Steve Barr Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2018 Second Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website thermofisher.com under the heading Webcasts and Presentations until August 10, 2018. A copy of the press release of our second quarter 2018 earnings and future expectations is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Results. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the report ended March 31, 2018 under the caption Risk Factors which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is also available in the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during the call we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available on the press release of our second quarter 2018 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thank you Ken. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our Q2 call. As you saw in our press release, we delivered another terrific quarter. We achieved excellent growth in revenue and earnings. Our team executed well to capitalize on the continued strength of our end markets. We also continued to make great progress in advancing our growth strategy by launching new products that address key customer needs leveraging scale in emerging markets and delivering our unique customer value proposition. As a result we continue to both strengthen and capitalize on our competitive position. With an excellent first half behind us, we're in a great position to achieve another very successful year. I'll cover the highlights for the quarter starting with an overview of our financial results. Our adjusted earnings per share grew 20% to $2.75 per share in Q2. Our revenue in the quarter was also very strong increasing 22% year-over-year to $6.08 billion. And adjusted operating income increased 21% to $1.4 billion. And our adjusted operating margin in Q2 was 23.1%. While we're clearly benefiting from favorable end market dynamics, our performance is primarily the result of our commitment to a proven growth strategy well executed over a long period of time and that has now put us in a unique competitive position and allowed us to continue our share gain momentum. Now let me give you a little color on the performance by end market. In Q2, we saw strength in all of our end markets whether you slice it by customer set or geography. Starting with pharma and biotech, we delivered mid-teens growth in the quarter with ongoing strength across our businesses serving this end market. Conditions here have remained robust and we continue to gain share with these customers by delivering our unique value proposition to help them drive innovation and productivity. In diagnostics and healthcare, we grew in the mid-single digits in Q2 with broad-based strength across our businesses serving this end market. Turning to industrial and applied, we delivered mid-single digit growth in the quarter, highlighted by continued strong customer demand in our analytical instrument businesses. Last, in academic and government, we grew in the high-single-digits in Q2. We did well in this end market in all geographies and it was good to see an increase in the flow of funds in the U.S. Let me make a quick comment on our overall performance from a geographic perspective. We saw good conditions in our end markets across the globe and we continued our strong momentum in China with better than 20% growth in the quarter. So the strength of our global competitive position coupled with strong market conditions and great execution by our team led to excellent growth during Q2. Now, let me make some remarks on our business highlights in the context of our growth strategy. As you know, one element of our strategy is developing high impact innovative new products. Our ongoing success here is a result of the deep insights we gain from our customers. We collaborate closely to ensure that we're putting our industry-leading R&D investment to work in a way that creates the most value for them. We had a number of great examples in Q2 for customers working in research, applied markets and the clinic and I'll cover a few of them this morning. First, at the American Society of (sic) [for] Mass Spectrometry Conference in June we had a number of launches including two new instruments that expand our leading Orbitrap platform. The Thermo Scientific Q Exactive UHMR Hybrid Quadruple system creates an integrated workflow to streamline protein analysis in structural biology applications. And the Thermo Scientific ID-X Tribrid system combines our leading technologies to improve small molecule characterization in applications ranging from drug discovery to food safety. In our next-gen sequencing business, we developed a new Oncomine panel in collaboration with Children's Hospital in Los Angeles. This assay specifically identifies mutations that indicate cancers in pediatric and young adult patients. And in Specialty Diagnostics, we launched the Thermo Scientific B.R.A.H.M.S. KRYPTOR GOLD instrument in Europe. This is an automated immunoassay analyzer that helps customers process blood samples much faster increasing lab productivity while providing the assay quality that KRYPTOR is known for. One last comment on innovation is that we opened a Precision Medicine Science Center here in the U.S. during the quarter. The center will give customers access to the comprehensive range of technologies we offer to help them advance their work in genomic, proteomic and metabolomic analysis. It complements the Precision Medicine Center we opened last year in China and promotes the global collaboration necessary to make real progress in individualized patient care. The second element of our growth strategy is leveraging our scale in emerging and high growth markets. As I mentioned earlier, we saw continued strength across these geographies in Q2. The highlight was China where we delivered another outstanding quarter. Our strategy of leveraging our unmatched scale and depth of capabilities along with great tactical execution is enabling us to take full advantage of the many growth opportunities we have. This sets us up very well to help our customers in China meet the objectives outlined in the country's five year plan. Precision medicine is one of those key priorities in the plan and you may recall that earlier this year we organized a scientific summit in Beijing with global thought leaders from government, academia and healthcare. One of the outcomes is that we're now providing a range of our Analytical Technologies, to help build an infrastructure in China for multi-omics applications in support of precision medicine. This is another great example of the advantages we have because of our industry-leading scale and depth. Our long-term focus on expanding our presence in the region has clearly created a competitive advantage for us and we feel very good about our prospects. Now, I'll turn to the last element of our growth strategy, which is our unique customer value proposition. The key point I want to make here is that we're always making it stronger both organically and through complementary M&A. This allows us to deepen our customer relationships and drive share gain. Let me give you a couple examples of how we executed our M&A strategy to create more value for our customers and strengthen the position of our businesses to drive growth. First, you know about the addition of our electron microscopy business through the acquisition of FEI a couple of years ago. Since then, the business has performed extremely well as part of our company. We recently announced our agreement to acquire Gatan, a leading manufacturer of filters, cameras and software for electron microscopes. Adding these capabilities will allow us to improve performance of these systems to help electron microscopy customers accelerate their discoveries. We expect to complete the transaction by the end of 2018. Another great example of enhancing our customer value proposition is our biosciences business. I haven't talked about this business in a while, and to remind you, this is the industry leading life science reagent and consumables offering that we created through a combination with Life Technologies in 2014. At that time, the business was growing in the low-single-digits. We had a clear strategy on how to accelerate the growth and we've seen the fruits of that strategy. Today, the business is growing in the high-single-digits. We expanded customer access by leveraging our scale in emerging markets, our Fisher Scientific channel, and the strong customer relationships we've established through our corporate accounts program. We implemented our PPI Business System to drive operational excellence and significantly expand our margins while creating additional capacity to accelerate our investments in R&D to further strengthen our portfolio. We launched a number of successful new products like the Attune Flow Cytometer that we've highlighted in the past. We also made investments in new web and digital capabilities helping to further differentiate our strong Invitrogen premier brand. Both the electron microscopy and biosciences examples reinforce our commitment to enhancing value for our customers by adding new capabilities and then leveraging our scale and depth to continually make the business stronger. To give you a quick update on the Patheon acquisition we're excited about our growth prospects for this business. The integration is going very smoothly and the business is performing well with another quarter of very strong growth in Q2. From a synergy perspective, we're running slightly ahead on our year one synergy targets as well. We're already seeing strong development of the revenue synergy pipeline and believe this will have a meaningful impact on growth over the long-term. Before I cover our revised guidance, I'll give you an update on capital deployment. As a reminder, we outlined our objectives at the beginning of the year, which were a combination of delevering from the Patheon acquisition, maintaining an active M&A pipeline, and returning capital to our shareholders. So far this year we've made great progress in delevering and Stephen will give you the details. From an M&A perspective, we've committed $1 billion through strategic bolt-ons including the pending acquisition of Gatan for $925 million and we've also returned $390 million of capital through dividends and stock buybacks including $250 million worth of shares that we repurchased in July. So we continue to successfully execute our capital deployment strategy to create value for our customers and shareholders. Turning to our guidance. As you saw in our press release, we're raising both our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance for the year. The increase is based primarily on our strong operational performance, partially offset by a less favorable foreign exchange environment. We're raising our revenue guidance to a new range of $23.68 billion to $23.86 billion for 2018. This would result in 13% to 14% growth over 2017. In terms of our adjusted EPS guidance, we now expect to deliver between $10.89 and $11.01 per share. This will lead to 15% to 16% growth over the strong adjusted EPS performance we delivered in 2017. So to summarize our key takeaways from Q2, our teams continue to do an outstanding job of executing our growth strategy to strengthen our competitive position. And our excellent results in the first half of 2018 sets us up to achieve another very successful year. With that I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Marc and good morning, everyone. I'll take you through an overview of our second quarter results for the total company, provide some color on our four business segments, then conclude with our updated 2018 guidance. I'll start with a high level framing of our Q2 performance versus our expectations at the time of our last earnings call. You saw in the press release we had a very strong quarter with 8% organic growth and 20% adjusted EPS growth. This was driven by great operational execution and continued strong market conditions. We delivered $0.14 more adjusted earnings per share in Q2 than we'd assumed at the midpoint of our previous guidance. Of that $0.11 was driven by stronger organic growth, $0.01 by continued strong contributions from the Patheon acquisition, and $0.02 from more favorable below the line FX in the quarter. So another excellent quarter. Let me give you more details on how Q2 played out. Starting with earnings per share. This quarter we grew adjusted EPS by 20% to the $2.75 and GAAP EPS was $1.85 up 19% from Q2 last year. On the top line, our reported revenue grew 22% year-over-year. The components of our Q2 reported revenue included 8% organic growth, 12% growth from acquisitions and a 2% benefit from foreign exchange. Looking at growth by geography. As Marc mentioned, our markets were strong across the globe in Q2. North America grew mid-single digits. Europe grew in the high-single digits. Asia Pacific grew in low-teens with  including another quarter of very strong growth in China, and the rest of the world also grew in the low-teens. Turning to our operational performance. Q2 adjusted operating income increased 21% and adjusted operating margin was 23.1%, down 10 basis points from Q2 last year. As a reminder, Patheon is the scale acquisition with gross margins and operating income margins lower than the company average. The effect was approximately 90 basis points dilutive to total adjusted operating margins in the quarter in line with our expectations. The addition of Patheon will continue to be dilutive to our adjusted operating margins through Q3. Foreign exchange contributed about 20 basis points to operating margin during the quarter. So net of acquisitions and FX, our underlying operational performance was strong in the quarter at 60 basis points of expansion driven by good volume leverage and productivity, partially offset by strategic investments and unfavorable business mix. Moving on to the details of the P&L. Total company adjusted gross margin came in at 47.3% in Q2, down 110 basis points from the prior year. Strong productivity was more than offset by the expected significant dilutive impact of acquisitions. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 20.2% of revenue, which is down 50 basis points versus Q2 2017 and total R&D expense came in at 4% of revenue, down 40 basis points versus Q2 last year. Both of these were primarily due to acquisitions. R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue in Q2 was 6.6%. Looking at our results below the line. Net interest expense was $139 million, up $23 million from Q2 last year mainly as a result of the incremental debt related to our capital deployment activities in 2017. Adjusted other income and expense was a net income in the quarter of $9 million, which is $13 million favorable versus Q2 2017 driven primarily by changes in non-operating foreign exchange. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 12.3% down 80 basis points versus last year primarily due to the impact of U.S. tax reform and the addition of Patheon. As expected, the adjusted tax rate was slightly higher than last quarter due to the timing of discrete tax planning items. Q2 average diluted shares were 406 million, up 13 million year-over-year. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Cash flow from continuing operations for the first half of the year was $1.5 billion and free cash flow was $1.2 billion after deducting net capital expenditures of $300 million. This represents 19% year-to-date free cash flow growth. We ended the quarter with $940 million in cash and investments and we returned $70 million to shareholders through dividends in the quarter. And early in Q3, we completed $250 million of share buybacks. We expect to complete another $250 million later in the year for a total of $500 million for 2018. This is in line with our previous guidance. Our total debt at the end of Q2 was $19.4 billion down $1.5 billion sequentially from Q1. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.3 times total debt to adjusted EBITDA down from 3.8 times last quarter. And wrapping up my comments on our total company performance, adjusted ROIC was 10.3%, up 20 basis points from last quarter. So now I'll provide you some color on the performance of our four business segments. Starting with Life Sciences Solutions, reported revenue in this segment increased 12% in Q2 and organic revenue growth was 9%. In the quarter, we saw very good growth across all of our businesses in the segment; clinical next-gen sequencing, bioproduction, biosciences and genetic sciences. Q2 adjusted operating income in Life Sciences Solutions increased 17% and adjusted operating margin was 33.3%, up 140 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we drove very strong volume pull-through, good productivity and had a favorable impact from FX. This was partially offset by strategic investments. In the Analytical Instruments Segment reported revenue increased 13% in Q2 and organic revenue growth was 9%. In the quarter, we saw very good growth across all of our businesses in the segment, chemical analysis, chromo mass spec and electron microscopy. Q2 adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments grew 25% and adjusted operating margin was 22.2%, up 230 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we saw very strong productivity and volume leverage, partially offset by strategic investments. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics Segment. In Q2, total revenue grew 8% and organic revenue growth was 5%. We saw strong growth in our transplant diagnostics and clinical diagnostics businesses and also in the healthcare market channel. Adjusted operating income increased 8% in Q2 and adjusted operating margin was 27.2%, flat compared to Q2 of the prior year. In the quarter, we saw good volume leverage, had a favorable impact from FX and this was offset by strategic investments and business mix. Finally, in the Laboratory Products and Services Segment, which includes the Patheon acquisition, Q2 reported revenue increased 42%. Organic revenue growth was 9%. In the quarter, we saw strong growth across all businesses in the segment, led by our clinical trials logistics business and our research and safety market channel. Adjusted operating income in the segment increased 37% and adjusted operating margin was 13.2%, down 50 basis points from the prior year. In the quarter, acquisitions were slightly accretive to the segment margins and we saw good volume leverage. However, this was more than offset by business mix and strategic investments. So now I'll move on to our updated full year 2018 guidance. You saw in the press release, we're raising both our revenue and adjusted earnings per share guidance. Let me walk you through the details. I'll start with revenue. We're raising the midpoint of our revenue guidance by $30 million and tightening the range by $60 million. The $30 million increase to the midpoint consists of three elements. First, $160 million increase in our organic growth outlook for the year. We now see the most likely outcome for 2018 full year organic growth to be 6%. Second, a $20 million increase from acquisitions, reflecting the continued strong performance of Patheon. And third, given the movement in exchange rates, we now expect a less favorable FX environment for the full year which reduces revenue at the midpoint by $150 million. Turning to our adjusted earnings per share. We're increasing the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.07. This reflects the following changes from the prior guidance; a $0.06 reduction due to less favorable FX; a $0.03 reduction due to the expected gross impact of tariffs in the second half of the year; and these two headwinds are more than offset by $0.15 increase reflecting stronger operational performance as well as $0.01 increase due to expected lower interest costs. So to sum this up, our 2018 revenue guidance is now a range of $23.68 billion to $23.86 billion, which represent 13% to 14% growth versus 2017. We now expect acquisitions to contribute about 7% to our reported revenue growth in 2018 and FX is expected to be a benefit of 1%. And our updated adjusted earnings per share guidance for 2018 is now a range of $10.89 to $11.01 with the midpoint of $10.95. This represents growth of 15% to 16% versus 2017. A few other details behind the revised 2018 guidance. We're now assuming that foreign exchange is a $210 million revenue tailwind for the year or 1% and FX tailwind on adjusted EPS is now assumed to be $0.14 or 1.5%. We estimate the gross impact of tariffs on the company for the second half of 2018 is approximately $14 million or $0.03 of adjusted earnings per share. We plan to offset this and have reflected the benefit of these offsets in our updated operational guidance. So there's no net impact to tariffs on 2018. In terms of adjusted operating margins, we continue to expect to deliver 20 basis points to 30 basis points of expansion for the year. Excluding the impact of Patheon, this represents 70 basis points to 80 basis points of expansion, no change from the previous guidance. We expect net interest expense to be in the range of $540 million to $550 million. We're now assuming that other income and expense to be net income of just over $10 million, a slight improvement to our prior guidance due to non-operating FX benefits realized in Q2. We continue to expect an adjusted income tax rate of 12% for the year. And as mentioned in my earlier remarks, we've recently completed $250 million of share buybacks and we expect to complete another $250 million later in the year for a total of $500 million in 2018. This is in line with our previous guidance. The $500 million of buybacks will fully deplete the current authorization. Later in the year, we expect to replenish the authorization at a level consistent with the long-term capital deployment strategy outlined at our recent Analyst Meeting in May. We continue to expect the full year average diluted shares will be in the range of 405 million to 407 million. We assume that we'll return approximately $275 million of capital to shareholders through dividends, no change from previous guidance. And our guidance does not include any future acquisitions or divestitures. So it doesn't include any impact from the pending acquisition of Gatan. We're assuming net capital expenditures will be approximately $700 million to $730 million, no change from previous guidance. And for free cash flow, we're expecting about $3.8 billion for the full year, consistent with previous guidance. And, finally, a couple of comments on phasing for the rest of the year. We expect organic revenue growth rate in Q3 to be higher than Q4 due to the strength of the prior year comparison in Q4. Then in terms of adjusted EPS phasing, we expect Q4 to be just over 25% higher than Q3. So, in summary, we delivered another excellent quarter in Q2 and we're in a great position at the halfway point to deliver a very successful year. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Stephen. Operator, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Hi. Good morning, gentlemen. Congrats.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thank you, Ross.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: So maybe let's start on China, Marc. I mean, the result is just spectacular. You're north of 20%. It's probably going to be the best in the peer group for the quarter. I guess, as you sort of look at the underlying dynamics there, you have some unique exposure, but in general, it sort of implies continued sort of dominance in share and the like. And that's in the face of  obviously, you made the point on sort of some of the tariffs and uncertainty. How are you feeling about the various end markets there and sort of the cadence for the rest of the year, given maybe some of the incremental uncertainties? Some are worried about on the raw materials or sort of basic industry side.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Ross, thanks for the questions. So let me talk first about China and the performance and then I'll talk a little bit about tariffs. The business is performing extremely well with just over 20% growth in the quarter and about 20% for the first half. Very strong momentum, broad-based across the various customer sets. I was there at the beginning of the quarter and looking forward to going back a little later in the year. One of the things is the customer base is very bullish about their outlook. So, some of the things that you see in the papers about trade and things of that sort is really not a dialog amongst the customer base. So for the customer base it really is business-as-usual and the markets are very strong. We really do have a unique competitive position there because of our scale and depth of capabilities and the scientific labs we have across the country. Our R&D teams thinks that the scale really helps and our long presence in the market does, and you're seeing us really benefit from that from a performance perspective. A quick comment on tariffs. Really, tariffs is really targeting things primarily outside of our industry. So there's really very little exposure. It's not affecting the customer outlook. As Stephen said, there is a gross impact on cost of about $0.03 in the second half of the year from those tariffs that have enacted and scheduled to be enacted. And we are fully going to offset that operationally through our pricing actions and our sourcing and supply chain actions. So we gave extra color on the call because it's something new that everybody in the world is looking at and we want to just articulate it, but we will navigate through that and don't anticipate any issues.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Great. And maybe just one for Stephen. I think you called out, in terms of the EPS cadence for the second half, sort of, implying obviously core growth better in 3Q, but it seems like earnings growth may be better in 4Q given some of the margin dynamics. I just want to confirm, one, that's the case? And then secondarily, I want to see if I heard something right. Did you say that Q4 is going to be 25% above 3Q? I just want to make sure that that's  because that seems greater in terms of magnitude than what we normally see.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So you got the numbers correct, Ross. I think, a couple of dynamics to call out. One is that the impact of bringing Patheon into the company's numbers and the profitable stub period in Q3 are such that the headwind on our margins in Q3 from the Patheon side of things, equivalent scale to what you've seen in Q2. And then in Q4, we'll have strong margin expansion, really driven by two factors which are non-repeat, some things that happened in Q4 last year, the impact of the hurricane in Puerto Rico. Site was down for a significant amount of time and we expended a lot of cost to get the site back up and running. And the second factor is, we did a large one-time bonus payment in Q4 last year related to the tax reform and that's not going to repeat in Q4 this year. So that gives you strong margin tailwind for Q4, in fact gives you the dynamic to drive that 25% difference.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Great. Thank you so much.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Derik.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, just a question on  so I have one sort of like big picture question and then one more focused one. I think I'll start with the focused question first, like Thermo historically has not been a big player in the small molecule drug quality control, quality assurance market given the Dionex was not yet an (32:17) acquisition. Can you talk a little bit about how you're positioned in the biologics market for QA/QC and sort of like some of the technologies that are required there and sort of  you do have an opportunity to gain better share. And just curious it's like  how does the profitability and how do these markets sort of compare to each other when you look at the opportunities in those small molecules and biologics?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, Derik. Thanks for the question. In terms of the QA/QC applications in biologics, we really are considered one of the thought leaders in how that has evolved with the multi attribute method in mass spectrometry that we've partnered with a number of biotech players on this being adopted. So based on the strength of our Orbitrap platform, we're very well positioned, as biologics become a bigger and bigger portion of the total pharma and biotech industry from a QA/QC perspective and the profitability of our mass spectrometry franchise is quite strong. So from that perspective, we really are in a great position to drive sustained growth.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then follow up question just more on the big picture. You've had three really spectacularly strong quarters now of growth. I think you did  I think it's 8%, 7%, 8% organic revenue growth in the last three quarters. This obviously begs the question about more difficult comps going forward looking at it. I guess is there anything you're sort of seeing on the horizon that could potentially pop up. I guess what are your concerns about the end markets? And what are your concerns about as you look forward and look into next year, I know, it's a little bit too early to give guidance but I'm just sort of curious in like your confidence in sort of being able to sort of maintain the upper end of your 4% to 6% core growth target?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, Derik. Great question. So if I look at where we are, it's very positive environment and at the same point, our competitive position is really being valued by our customers such that they're driving more business to us. You're seeing in the differential growth versus the others in the industry. When I look at the outlook, it's great to have 6% organic growth as our guidance for the year and that assumes that there's a small increase versus our previous guidance in the second half for the year. If the market conditions maintain at the rate that we have seen for the last three quarters then obviously we're going to have a spectacular year. So we are very excited about our second half outlook, our full year outlook and we don't see any storm clouds on the horizon as I think about 2019. Obviously, we'll give you 2019 guidance in late January, but at least sitting here right now it all looks very positive.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. I'll get back in the queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, thanks. Great quarter. Marc, I'm wondering if you can comment a minute on Gatan. I know you mentioned it in your prepared comments. But just curious how this fits in with FEI overall? How much customer overlap there is? What the opportunity is to maybe cross-sell here?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. So we're very excited about Gatan. It is a really good strategic fit with the business. When you think about what we're doing here is we want to be able to help electron microscopy customers get even more value from their investments in the systems and looking to get really the benefits of the components that Gatan provides to the industry including filters, cameras and software. So the goal here is to make it easier for the adoption of the technology and as you know, electron microscopy business is growing very well. So we're trying to expand the market through this capability. It's an extremely compelling transaction financially as well and we'll get into the details of that when we close the transaction towards the end of the year and we'll lay out all the financials then. But the economics are also very attractive as well.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then as we think about biopharma, you're obviously putting up great numbers, up mid-teens. You commented on gaining share. We did have a peer yesterday talk about budget flush issues. So is it suffice to say, you didn't necessarily see any of that in the quarter? And can you also comment on bioprocess and the trends you saw there?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. So mid-teens growth in pharma and biotech, feel good about that. We saw strength across all of our businesses that serve the customer base and that range from bioproduction was excellent, chromo mass spec, clinical trials logistic and our research and safety channel. So we saw strength across the board, from consumables, production, chromatography instruments, mass spectrometry instruments, so a very good quarter. I think it really reflects the unique customer value proposition that we have and how we are uniquely positioned to drive our customers' innovation and productivity.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then one last quick one for Stephen. Just on CapEx around Patheon. Should we assume that this is kind of the current steady-state run rate? Or how should we think about Patheon CapEx? Will that be increasing going forward?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. I think you'll see CapEx within this range. It's built into the number for the full year.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Tycho.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, and good morning.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Jack.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So obviously, very good growth in the quarter. I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit more on the share gain commentary and just highlight some of the top areas you think this is resonating and just in that, in particular, I'd be curious to get your thoughts on the biopharma services and logistics business.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. So Jack in terms of the share gains, it's quite broad-based. I mean, when I think about the company, you can look at it and say, well, the company as a whole had a very strong quarter. But as you disaggregate the pieces, we fared very well versus the narrower competitors in the field. So our business has performed well. Some of the highlights where I think we saw a nice share gain in the quarter, our bioscience reagents business, our chromatography and mass spectrometry business, our research and safety market channel. Those were the three large businesses all strong. Clinical trials logistics, very strong quarter as customers continue to move more and more of what is in-house activity to a trusted partner like Thermo Fisher Scientific. We're really seeing the benefit there of how customers understand the logic of why we acquired Patheon and they're actually doing even more clinical trials business with us because of it.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. And then just as a follow up. I want to dig in on the Specialty Diagnostics performance. That was the one that posted only consistent growth this quarter of 5%. So just talk about what you're doing on the innovation side to get the growth up and any updates on Cascadion would be great?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Sure. So Jack, a good quarter in diagnostics and healthcare, broad-based strength whether it was transplant diagnostics, clinical diagnostics or healthcare market channel. Outside of the business but serving that customer base, we also had good performance in our clinical NGS business serving the diagnostics and healthcare market. Cascadion, got our CE-IVD clearance in the quarter and we are starting commercialization outside the U.S. Not a meaningful contributor this year. Expect it to really start to ramp in 2019 and we'll be showcasing the instrument at the American Association of (sic) [for] Clinical Chemistry Conference, which is happening in Chicago, next week along with a number of other instruments that we are launching across our portfolio. So lots of good things going on in the diagnostics and healthcare business and a very solid quarter with mid-single digit growth.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Looking forward to seeing it then. Thanks guys.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Maybe just to start on Patheon. You appear to have done much better than expected in the quarter with Patheon both in terms of revenue and margins. I'm curious if any of the strength is related to Thermo cross-selling to larger biopharmaceutical customers or if it's still too early for that effort to really move the needle. And then moving down the P&L, I'm just curious what the key drivers were to some of the margin improvement and how we should think about sustainability?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. Doug, the integration is going really well and the customer feedback is extraordinarily positive about the combination and also just leveraging the relationships and trust that the two companies have built over time. So it's been very positive. In terms of the revenue synergies, we are clearly seeing a lot of interest momentum pipeline and some wins. But because of the cadence of the business a win today can show up in revenue 18 months from now. So it doesn't affect the short term but it does affect the long term growth prospects of the business. Some of the wins are showing up in the clinical trials business which is a much shorter cycle business. So that's clearly positive. So I feel very good about how that's going and it's been great to be able to raise our outlook for that business in each of the last two quarters. So performing well. Stephen, you want to...?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, from a margin standpoint, it's a combination of the kind of higher level of growth that's printing at a decent margin and then good progress on the synergies. And I'd just remind you one of the key synergies there was using our PPI Business System to make an impact across the operational sites and we're getting good traction there. The teams are very engaged and driving that at a very granular level across the key sites across Patheon's business.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. That's really helpful. And I guess for my second topic I just want to go back to guidance and give you an opportunity to address one thing that's coming up in a few of our discussions this morning. You increased full year core revenue guidance by $160 million which is close to the magnitude of the second quarter beat. By extension, this implies that core revenue growth targets for the second half really didn't change all that materially. I just want to make sure this is just largely a function of conservatism and not something that you're seeing that suggest you shouldn't stick your necks out in spite of the fact that you put up pretty monstrous first half. It sure doesn't seem like there's any issues, but I just want to make sure none of us are missing anything here.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, Doug. It's a good question. We obviously have had a very strong first half. We specifically did raise the outlook a little bit for Q3 and Q4 organically, based on the market conditions. If the market conditions continue the way they were in the first half, it will truly be a spectacular year. Right now there's nothing that we're seeing that is indicating a change in that trajectory. So I feel good about the prudence of the guidance, but obviously our teams are going to focus on maximizing performance and capitalizing on every opportunity. So we don't see any issues, but as always, we want to be able to close the year and meet or exceed expectations. And I think we've put appropriate guidance at this point.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning and thanks for the time. I wonder first if you could just unpack the academic channel for us a little bit. Historically, we've all thought about the NIH as an important barometer and that's something that you flagged lately as being a positive. But there are actually a lot of positive guidelines coming out of Europe now as well and then your China quarter was particularly strong. So wonder if you could unpack academic for us a little bit on a regional basis.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. So, Steve, very strong quarter with high-single-digit growth, just below the company average in Q2. Geographic strength across the board. Starting with the U.S., it's good performance. NIH funds were flowing well and we were really excited by the NIH's announcement in May to allocate $130 million for research based on cryo-electron microscopy which bodes well for future demand. So that $130 million target had no effect, obviously, on what was in the quarter. But for 2019, it's very encouraging. Turning to Europe, very positive with the Horizon program that was announced. So Horizon 2020 is  we're getting closer to the end of the decade. They announced the next program which is a seven year program, $100 billion commitment to research funding across the continent which really helps because academic institutions like to know in advance of what the funding environment is going to be. So that was a big commitment in Europe. And the UK government preparing for Brexit has really had some very focused initiatives to make sure that they maintain their prior heritage in life sciences research and their ministers have had a number of meetings with industry to talk about their commitment as well. So U.S. looks good. Europe looks good. China continues to be strong and you see that obviously in the results. So very encouraging environment right now in terms of what we're seeing as well as the longer-term outlook across the globe.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks for that. And then just a couple of little housekeeping items. One to follow-up on Doug's question about Patheon, I wonder if you could zoom out a little bit and just talk about how your thinking is evolving about the category. It sounds like you feel very, very good about your performance relative to the category on the funnel. But as we look across the broader pharma services space across trials, CROs and CMOs, it does seem like the environment is good, maybe better than you thought it might be at the time of the deal. Does that impact your thinking? And then on FEI, any color on growth there organically now and forward relative to the broader AI franchise would be really helpful. Thanks so much.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Sure. So the acquisitions that have been integrated over the last couple years are performing extraordinarily well. In terms of Patheon, our pharma services business on a pro forma basis meaning as if we had owned Patheon in the prior year would have been low-double-digit growth in the first half. So very, very strong performance and it's a reflection of good execution and a very good market as well. In terms of electron microscopy, we would have grown as a company 8% with or without the contribution of electron microscopy. Electron microscopy had a good quarter with growth rates, obviously, similar to the company average.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks again.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. Marc, can you just talk through the performance in the U.S. in the quarter? I've seen some mixed data points particularly on the pharma side. It would be helpful just to hear your perspective and outlook here.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: We had mid-single digit growth in the U. S. in the quarter. It's good, there's good conditions. Academic funding was good and we didn't really see any dramatic pockets of weakness in the U.S. In fact relative to the last number of years, strong mid-single digit growth is actually a really nice spot to be from the domestic perspective. So, we really didn't see anything meaningful on the weakness side.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then maybe just on industrial applied coming in mid-single digits growth, maybe a little bit lighter than high single in the first quarter, but still pretty healthy. Can you just provide some color on what markets performed well here, how are you feeling about the environment going forward given some various macro data points that are out there?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. Our Analytical Instruments business had strong growth in the quarter, chrom and mass spec, chemical analysis in particular. We obviously had some challenging comparisons in electron microscopy in that segment, still had nice growth. But those would be some of the factors in driving the mid-single digit growth in industrial and applied.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Maybe if I could just sneak one last one in on the M&A side. Obviously, you did the Gatan deal during the quarter adding to the FEI franchise. Can you just talk through the general kind of pipeline going forward, any markets you see as particularly attractive? I know last question you touched, it was CDMO, CRO market. Thoughts on adding to your franchise there or would you prefer to just let Patheon execute for the time being?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. We have a active M&A pipeline across our businesses. And one of the things as we think about is we have a very disciplined M&A process and the selection criteria that we use really has differentiated our performance, right? So while we look at many things we have a very active pipeline. We're going to be very selective in terms of what we do. And we have a lot of firepower, so from the ability to be able to execute on transactions, both management and financially. So we'll continue to progress that pipeline and do the right transactions for strengthening our competitive position as well as creating shareholder value.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Arias with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Thank you. Marc, to the...
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Dan.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Morning. Just only the point that's been made a couple of times already. Obviously, you guys are headed where you've been historically in terms of the organic top line. So I guess when you think about the incremental dollars that are just being put back into the business, I'm curious whether you'd call out certain product areas or categories that are being earmarked to bid for more investment or would you say, you're maybe sprinkling it pretty evenly across the business?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. No, we don't sprinkle it evenly because we run the company in a very disciplined faction and we invest at the right levels so that our businesses have good outlook. There are a few areas that we are putting a bit more money to work because the market conditions were better than we thought and therefore we want to fully capitalize on them, areas like chromatography and mass spectrometry, just given the momentum there and our strong position. We're increasing rates of investment there, would be an example. I would even say the acquisition of Gatan would be an example. It's obviously an M&A move, but we have a lot of momentum in electron microscopy and we want to further bolster those capabilities there, would be an example. In biosciences, an area where I highlighted, it's obviously been an area that shows just the benefits of a good strategy and execution every day of the year. Taking a business that had a number of years of low-single digit growth and we transformed it to mid-single digit, now sustainably high-single digit, that's another area where we've increased our investments in digital, we've increased our investments in the Web to really sustain a very, very bright outlook for that business. You're seeing it in the new product launches, whether it's in flow cytometry, you're seeing it in cell biology. So we have specific areas that we're investing in to capitalize on our competitive position as well as the momentum we're seeing in the market.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Super. And maybe at the risk of crossing Ken here, if I could sneak one more in for Stephen. Just curious, at a high level, whether there's a particular segment that you think there's more margin opportunity over, call, the next year or so when you're just thinking about mix and investment going forward?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. When you think about how it played out over the last couple of years. The volume leverage really comes through strong in, clearly, the higher margin businesses. So Life Sciences Solutions, Analytical Instruments have shown great volume pull-through on the organic growth. So that's really where you'll see a lot of the margin expansion of the company.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies & Company. Your line is open.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Most of...
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Hi, Brandon.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: ...my questions have been addressed already, but one for you Stephen. In the context of having raised the full year outlook two quarters in a row now, would be curious if you could just speak to the free cash flow guidance which remains unchanged? And it seems to imply only about 4% growth in the second half. So is that just some conservatism or timing between first and second half of the year?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. It's really around timing. We had a very strong Q4 last year. Look at the two years combined, I think, it's 19% growth for the two years on an average per year, so in terms of free cash flow growth and yes, it's gone up higher in the range of the $3.8 billion and we're going to now work hard to deliver as much free cash flow as we can.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Very good, thanks.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: We have time for one more.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Steve Barr Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Good morning. A couple of quick things for you guys. I guess first as it relates to Patheon, I believe you mentioned it's growing in the low-double digit so far this year. Just was wondering if you're expecting a similar level of growth as it enters the organic growth calculation in the back half of the year? And then secondly, as it relates to tariffs, I know you called out $14 million or $0.03 which you expect to offset. But just wondering, does that take into account the tariffs that have been more recently proposed, but not implemented or just the tariffs that have been implemented so far? And then I guess finally, in the 9% LPS (sic) [LP&S] growth, just any color on  that's obviously a very strong number for that segment. How much of that is sort of an increase in the overall end market versus the share gains that you're also calling out there? Thanks so much guys.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So I'll do some of it and I think Stephen will cover some. So in terms of the growth in the Lab Products and Services Segment, as a reminder, the Patheon growth does not flow into the numbers because we haven't anniversaried the transaction. We had very strong performance in our clinical trials logistics business and our channel grew very strong in the quarter. So those were the big drivers there.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. So on the Patheon side, we've got a couple of deferred revenue rev rec comps that we'd be hitting in Q4 and some will hit us in Q3. Underlying the growth in that business is running ahead of the deal model, so when you think about the true underlying pro forma. So it's not going to be a significant contributor in Q3 or Q4, to the total company growth. And then the tariffs piece is really  we basically baked in what's been enacted and what we expect to be enacted in  assuming it's mid second half of the year beginning of Q4.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thank you, Steve.
Steve Barr Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So let me wrap up the call. We're obviously pleased to deliver an excellent first half of the year. We're in a great position to achieve a very successful 2018. And as always, thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. We look forward to updating you at the end of the next quarter.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.
Analysts: Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Steve Barr Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2018 First Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call today, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts and Presentations, until May 11, 2018. A copy of the press release of our first quarter 2018 earnings and future expectations is available on the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Results. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, under the caption Risk Factors which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is also available in the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during this call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our first quarter 2018 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thank you, Ken, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our Q1 call. As you saw in our press release, we had a very strong start to the year. We achieved excellent growth in revenue and earnings. Our team executed well to capitalize on the good market conditions, and we continued to successfully execute our growth strategy by building on our innovation leadership, leveraging our global scale and strengthening our customer value proposition. Our great performance in Q1 sets us up to deliver another outstanding year. Let me begin with our financial performance for the quarter. Starting with our primary metric of success, adjusted EPS, we delivered very strong results again in Q1, growing earnings by 20% to $2.50 per share. Our revenue in the quarter was also very strong, increasing 23% year-over-year to $5.85 billion. Adjusted operating income increased 20% to $1.29 billion, and our adjusted operating margin in Q1 was 22%. When I think about the quarter at a high level, the overriding message is that our team executed well and took advantage of the opportunities in our markets to deliver an excellent quarter. Now let me give you some color on our performance by end market, starting with pharma and biotech. We delivered just over 10% growth in the quarter, with continued strength across all of our businesses serving this end market. The underlying dynamics here are robust, and we continue to gain share with these customers by delivering our unique value proposition. In academic and government, we grew in the mid-single-digits during the quarter. And in diagnostics and health care, we had low-single-digits growth in Q1. Conditions here were in line with what we've been seeing for some time. Last, in industrial and applied, we delivered high-single-digit growth in the quarter, driven by continued strength in this end market. It was great to see strong performance in Q1 across all of our Analytical Instruments businesses serving this customer base. So to summarize the performance, the good conditions we saw in our end markets at the end of last year continued in Q1, and our team did an excellent job of identifying the opportunities and delivering results. Now I'd like to review some of the highlights from the quarter. And as usual, I'll cover them in the context of our growth strategy. I'm pleased to report that we continued to make great progress in advancing our strategy to meet the needs of our customers and ensure a bright future for our company. As you know, our growth strategy consists of three pillars. The first being our commitment to develop high-impact, innovative new products. We continued to see great traction from new products we've recently released. For example, you recall that one of the significant new products from 2017 was the Thermo Scientific Orbitrap Q Exactive HFX mass spectrometer. I'm pleased to say that it's already a strong contributor to growth less than a year after launch. This example points to the success of our innovation strategy and our ability to continuously develop the best-in-class products that our customers expect from Thermo Fisher. In 2018, we'll spend close to $1 billion in R&D, and we started the year strong with a number of product launches in Q1. In Analytical Instruments, we introduced several new Thermo Scientific products that leverage our leading instrument platforms and digital capabilities to help our customers simplify their workflows and better manage data. One of the highlights was our new line of Vanquish Duo UHPLC systems. The Vanquish Duo platform help scientists in biopharma labs maximize sample throughput while ensuring the quality of their results. And we continue to build on our gold standard Chromatography Data System by introducing the Chromeleon XTR, which allows customers to capture and manage their data across the entire laboratory. In Q1, we also launched new products in electron microscopy portfolio, including the Thermo Scientific Verios G4 extreme high-resolution scanning electron microscope for advanced semiconductor production. The electron microscopy business continues to perform very well, and we had another great quarter in Q1. Just after quarter-end, we were very pleased to learn that our Krios G3i Cryo-EM system for structural biology applications received the 2018 Gold Edison Award, which recognizes the world's best innovations. Finally, in our next-gen sequencing business, we introduced the Ion GeneStudio S5 Series of instruments, which features a flexible chip format that allows multiple experiments to be run on a single platform. The GeneStudio is easily integrated with our Ion AmpliSeq, Ion Chef and Ion Torrent bioinformatics to create a seamless workflow that provides greater sequencing flexibility and speed. And when combined with our expanding Oncomine portfolio of liquid biopsy and immuno-oncology assays, this new platform offers a complete solution that help researchers bring new cancer diagnostics to the clinic. The second pillar of our growth strategy is our ability to leverage our scale in emerging and high-growth markets, and we continued to see strength across these geographies in Q1. Another quarter of outstanding performance in China, India and South Korea led to double-digit growth across the Asia Pacific region. I'll cover a couple of the highlights from the quarter. First, in South Korea, our Analytical Instruments were used by the Korean (sic) [Korea] Institute of Science and Technology's Doping Control Center to identify banned substances in athletes during the major world sports event that took place there this winter. We also provided on-site technical and application support to our Unity Lab Services capability. Another major event for us in the region during Q1 was the first China-U.S. Precision Medicine Summit, which was held in Beijing in late March. Thermo Fisher played the leading role in creating the summit in partnership with the CEO Roundtable on Cancer, the China Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College. Our collective goal was to bring together thought leaders from government, academia and industry to accelerate precision medicine advancements and continue to increase the impact on patient care. You may recall that Thermo Fisher established a Precision Medicine Science Center in Guangzhou last year. We remain focused on leveraging our industry leadership to advance this key initiative, not only in China, but for our customers and their patients around the world. Now, I'll turn to the last element of our growth strategy, our unique customer value proposition. Probably the best example of the power it brings is in the pharma and biotech end market, where our customers are focused on both increasing productivity and accelerating their pace of innovation to keep their pipelines full. As you know, we've continued to strengthen our offering for these customers and our acquisition of Patheon last year was the most significant recent example. I'm pleased to let you know that the Patheon integration continues to go very well and the team has done a great job right out of the gate. Our PPI Business System is already widely utilized. We're achieving our cost-synergy target and the team is making great progress in driving the revenue synergy opportunities as a result of our combined capabilities. But even more important is the feedback we're hearing from our customers, both large and small pharma and biotech companies see the value we can provide. For example, large customers are taking advantage of our ability to help them optimize their manufacturing networks, drive productivity and simplify their supply chains. And small and emerging customers are looking for us for the technical expertise and know-how to develop and produce complex drugs. Thermo Fisher is in a unique position to address these and other challenges with the most comprehensive solution in the industry. I've recently met with the manufacturing leaders of a number of our pharma and biotech customers. They clearly see the benefits we can bring by leveraging our capabilities across the company to support their goals from research through commercial production. And we continue to make our value proposition even stronger for these customers. We've recently announced that we're investing in a new best-in-class supply chain facility in Europe near Baden, Germany and we're expanding our U.S. biologics manufacturing center in St. Louis. Before I cover our revised guidance, I'll make a quick update on our capital deployment. In the quarter, we acquired IntegenX, a small acquisition that nicely complements our technologies used for human identification by adding a rapid DNA platform. It's a great addition to our genetic sciences offering. Turning to our guidance. As you saw in our press release, we're raising both our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance for the year. The increase is based primarily on our strong operational performance in Q1, both organically and from the Patheon acquisition. It also factors in the more favorable foreign exchange environment that we saw in Q1. So the headlines are: that we're raising our revenue guidance to a new range of $23.62 billion to $23.86 billion in 2018. This would result in 13% to 14% growth over 2017. In terms of our adjusted EPS guidance, we now expect to deliver between $10.80 and $10.96 per share. This would lead to 14% to 15% growth over the strong adjusted EPS performance we delivered this past year. So to summarize our key takeaways from Q1, we're pleased to start the year strong, and our teams did a great job of capitalizing on the good market conditions. We're also making terrific progress with our growth initiatives and clearly gaining market share. Our excellent results in Q1 really sets us up to achieve another successful year ahead. With that, I'll now hand the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everybody. I'll take you through an overview of our first quarter results for the total company. And then, I'll provide some color on our four business segments and wrap up with our updated 2018 guidance. Before I get into the details, let me start with a high-level view of how the first quarter played out versus our expectations at the time of our last earnings call. As you saw in our press release, we delivered a very strong quarter with 7% organic growth, which is about 2 points ahead of our expectations. This is driven by strong operational execution taking advantage of good market conditions. We were also able to deliver $0.10 more adjusted earnings per share in Q1 than we'd assumed in the midpoint of our previous guidance. $0.07 from operational performance, driven by the incremental organic growth as well as strong contributions from our pharma services business, the former Patheon, and $0.03 from more favorable FX versus our initial guidance. So we're off to a great start to the year. Now let me give you more color on the quarter. Starting with our total company financial performance for Q1. As you saw in our press release, we grew adjusted EPS by 20% to $2.50. GAAP EPS was $1.43, up 2% from Q1 last year. On the top line, our reported revenue grew 23% year-over-year. The components of our Q1 reported revenue included 7% organic growth, 12% growth from acquisitions and a 4% benefit from foreign exchange. Looking at growth by geography in Q1. North America grew low single-digits, while Europe grew in the mid-single digits. And Asia Pacific grew in the mid-teens, including another quarter of high-teens growth in China. And rest of the world grew in the mid-single digits. Turning to our operational performance. Q1 adjusted operating income increased 20% and adjusted operating margin was 22%, down 50 basis points from Q1 of last year. As a reminder, Patheon is a scale acquisition with gross margins and operating income margins lower than the company average. The effect was approximately 110 basis points dilutive to total adjusted operating margins in the quarter. The addition of Patheon will continue to be dilutive to our adjusted operating margins over the first 12 months of ownership through late August. Foreign exchange did not have a material impact on operating margins during the quarter. So our underlying operational performance was strong in the quarter at 60 basis points of expansion, driven by productivity, volume leverage, partially offset by strategic investments and unfavorable business mix. Moving on to the details of the P&L. Total company adjusted gross margin came in at 46.3% in Q1, down 300 basis points from the prior year. Strong productivity was more than offset by the expected significant dilutive impact of acquisitions and to a lesser extent, unfavorable business mix. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 20.4% of revenue, which is down 190 basis points versus Q1 2017, and total R&D expense came in at 4% of revenue, down 50 basis points versus Q1 last year. Both were primarily due to acquisitions. And R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue in Q1 was 6.7%. Looking at our results below the line, net interest expense was $143 million, up $26 million from Q1 last year, mainly as a result of the incremental debt related to our capital deployment activities in 2017. Adjusted other income and expense was a net expense in the quarter of $1 million. As a reminder, as of January 1, 2018, we adopted the new pension accounting standard and have restated prior years. The impact versus our prior guidance is an increase in operating costs of approximately $3 million per quarter and an offsetting increase in other income. There is no net impact to adjusted EPS. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 11.4%, down 260 basis points versus last year due to the impact of U.S. tax reform, the addition of Patheon as well as the timing of discrete tax planning items. This was in line with our guidance, and we still expect the full year tax rate to be 12%. Q1 average diluted shares were 406 million, up 12 million year-over-year. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Cash flow from continuing operations through Q1 was $80 million, and free cash flow was negative $40 million after deducting net capital expenditures of $120 million, and this is in line with our full year guidance. We ended the quarter with $950 million in cash and investments. As for capital deployment activities in Q1, as Marc mentioned, we closed the acquisition of IntegenX, and we also returned $60 million to shareholders through dividends in the quarter. Our total debt at the end of Q1 was $20.9 billion, down $75 million sequentially from Q4, and our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.8 times total debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA. And wrapping up my comments on our total company performance, adjusted ROIC was 10.1%, up 10 basis points from last quarter and in line with our expectations. So now I'll provide you some color on the performance of our four business segments. Starting with Life Sciences Solutions Segment. Reported revenue increased 10% in Q1 and organic revenue grew 5%. In the quarter, we saw strong growth in our bioproduction, next-generation sequencing and biosciences businesses. Q1 adjusted operating income in Life Sciences Solutions increased 19%, and adjusted operating margin was 34.5%, up 270 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we drove very strong productivity, had good volume pull-through and saw favorable FX. This was partially offset by unfavorable business mix and strategic investments. In the Analytical Instruments Segment, reported revenue increased 19% in Q1 and organic revenue growth was 13%. In the quarter, we benefited from strong growth contributions across all of our businesses in this segment: electron microscopy, chroma/mass spec and chemical analysis. Q1 adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments grew 28% and adjusted operating margin was 19.6%, up 140 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we saw very strong volume leverage and productivity partially offset by strategic investments and the expected dilutive impact of FX. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics Segment, in Q1 total revenue grew 9% and organic revenue growth was 5%. We saw particularly strong growth in our health care market channel. Adjusted operating income increased 4% in Q1 and adjusted operating margin was 25.6%, down 130 basis points from Q1 of the prior year. In the quarter, we drove strong productivity, but this is more than offset by product mix and strategic investments. And finally, in the Laboratory Products and Services Segment, which includes the Patheon acquisition, Q1 reported revenue increased 42%. Organic revenue growth was 6%. In the quarter, we saw a strong growth in both our clinical trials logistics business and in our research channel. Adjusted operating income in the segment increased 30% and adjusted operating margin was 11.6%, down 110 basis points from the prior year. In the quarter, we saw very strong volume leverage and productivity, but this was more than offset by product mix and strategic investments. So I'll now move on to our updated full year 2018 guidance. As you saw in our press release, we're raising both our revenue and adjusted earnings per share guidance. And let me walk you through the details. First, revenue. Given the strong start to the year we're raising the midpoint of our guidance by $170 million and tightening the range by $60 million. The $170 million increase to the midpoint consists of three elements: first, a $50 million increase in our organic growth outlook for the year, so we now expect full year 2018 organic growth of about 5%. Second, a $60 million increase from acquisitions, primarily reflecting the strong start to the year by Patheon, but it also includes the impact of adding IntegenX. And third, a $60 million increase in revenue to reflect a more significant benefit from FX in Q1 versus our initial guidance. Turning to adjusted earnings per share, we're increasing the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.10. This comprises $0.05 from strong Q1 operational performance, $0.07 from both favorable FX environment and $0.02 of dilution for the acquisition of IntegenX. To sum this up, the increased 2018 revenue guidance is now a range of $23.62 billion to $23.86 billion and this will represent 13% to 14% growth versus 2017. We expect acquisitions to contribute just over 7% to our reported revenue growth in 2018, and FX is expected to be a benefit of just under 2%. And our updated adjusted earnings per share guidance for 2018 is now a range of $10.80 to $10.96, with a midpoint of $10.88. This represents growth of 14% to 15% versus 2017. A few other details behind the revised 2018 guidance. We're now assuming that foreign exchange is a $360 million revenue tailwind for the year or just under 2%. The FX tailwind on adjusted EPS is now assumed to be $0.20 or just over 2%. Given the ongoing volatility in FX rates, we've continued to take a conservative approach to FX guidance versus current spot rates. In terms of adjusted operating margins, we continue to expect to deliver 20 to 30 basis points of expansion for the year. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, this represents 70 to 80 basis points of expansion. We continue to expect net interest expense to be in the range of $550 million to $555 million, and we're now assuming other income and expense to be a net income of just under $10 million versus our previous forecast of an immaterial net expense. As I mentioned earlier, this is largely driven by the adoption of the new pension accounting rules. From an EPS standpoint, there's no net impact versus our prior guidance, it's just a switch in P&L categories. We continue to expect an adjusted income tax rate of 12% for the year. Due to the timing of discrete planning items, the rate was slightly lower than this in Q1 and will be slightly higher for the remaining quarters of the year. But for the year as a whole, we still expect the tax rate to be 12%. In terms of capital deployments, my model continues to assume $500 million of share buybacks in the second half of 2018. We also continue to assume we'll return approximately $275 million of capital to shareholders through dividends. Our guidance does not include any future acquisitions or divestitures. We're assuming net capital expenditures will be approximately $700 million to $730 million. No change from previous guidance. And for free cash flow, we're expecting about $3.8 billion for the full year, consistent with previous guidance. We continue to expect full year average diluted shares to be in the range of 405 million to 407 million. And finally, a couple of comments on phasing for the rest of the year. We expect organic growth in Q2 and Q3 to be about the company full year level. And as a reminder, we have very strong comps in Q4. But in terms of adjusted EPS phasing, we continue to expect the same phasing as 2017 when you look at each quarter of the year as a percentage of the full year. In summary, we started the year with an excellent Q1, and we're in a great position to achieve our goals for the year. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thank you, Stephen. Operator, we're ready to open it up for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning, guys, and congrats.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thank you, Ross. Good morning.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: So maybe, could we start on sort of China? The outperformance there continues, I mean it's quite remarkable given the size and scope of the enterprise to be up high teens. Can you give us a little color kind of underlying what the mix is there in terms of semi versus industrial versus pharma? Because it seems like you're getting pretty broad strength in that market, and the pharma market in particular seems to be kind of notable standout, at least versus where maybe some of us were thinking comparative to the cyclical parts.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Ross, thanks for the question. So China is an area that we have had a very good track record for a long period of time, and we've been delivering high teens growth, 2016, 2017 and into the first quarter of 2018. The outlook continues to be very strong. In terms of where it's coming from, the health care, pharma, biotech has been quite robust. Academic spend has been good, and industrial spend certainly has improved as we've seen out geographically as well, improvements in industrial and applied. So it's really broad-based, not driven by any one particular area. It was really exciting that we orchestrated the first ever China-U.S. Precision Medicine Conference. We had 400 participants there, and co-hosted that with the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and the CEO Roundtable on Cancer, so really, very strong. The outlook looks good. One of the questions that I've been asked in other venues is, how is the headlines in the papers affecting China customer sentiment? And no effect. Very robust outlook. Mark Stevenson, our COO, was there a couple of weeks ago. I'm heading off to China on Sunday. And the team is really excited. It's very, very positive market for us.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks, Marc. And just maybe sticking on pharma for a second, it seems like Patheon notably kind of exceeded what most of us were looking for and that business has kind of improved last couple of quarters after having a fairly mixed go of it prior to the acquisition. Can you give us a little underlying color of what you're seeing in some of those key segments for Patheon? How those conversations are going at the pharma level in terms of incremental business development, and then talk about the recent facility expansion you highlighted?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Sure. So, in terms of our pharma services business, it's off to a good start. The Patheon acquisition integration is going very well. When I think about the performance, as Stephen noted, we're ahead of where we thought we were going to be in Q1, and part of our revenue and earnings increase for the guidance for the balance of the year or for the full year is based on Patheon's strong performance. So that's very encouraging. I've had the chance to meet with quite a number of customers in the first four months of the year and bringing colleagues from the former Patheon business with me to meet some of the colleagues and open up new doors. Really, it's a very, very encouraging feedback. As you know, it's a long-cycle business. It takes a while to go through decision, tech transfer, but the pipeline of activity has been fantastic, right? So not only is the business doing well short-term, but the outlook, we continue to be very, very bullish on. So, great start, lots of work to do, and we're looking forward to it. We had two expansions that we announced in the quarter, one in our clinical trials business, which we actually made the facility a bit larger to also incorporate some of Patheon's capabilities. And that's a world-class supply chain set of capabilities for clinical materials in Europe and really allows us to serve the growing business there. And secondly, we announced earlier this week the expansion of our St. Louis biologics facility, part of our 4-factory network for biologics production. This is something that Patheon had been evaluating and presented to us during the diligence process. So it was something that was very well thought through. We wanted to just understand it in more detail post ownership and feel great about it. So that's an expansion that will meaningfully increase our single-use technology capabilities in St. Louis for our biotech and pharmaceutical customers.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thank you so much, Marc.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Derik.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, a couple of questions. We've been getting a bunch of incomings from people asking a little bit more color on FEI. I think there's some concern about some of the  the numbers coming out of some of the semiconductor customers and people are just sort of worrying about sort of the trends in the business. If I remember correctly, when you guys acquired FEI, about 35% of the business was semi capped at the time. Sorry. Could you refresh me? And sort of like reflection was sort of like the growth rates have been in that business and sort of like your outlook for it?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes. So, Derik, thanks for the question. Our electron microscopy business continues the trend of very strong performance. We saw that strong performance in materials science applications. That's both semiconductor and all other applications, things like batteries for automotive, things like advanced materials research, as well as strong growth and momentum in our life sciences or structural biology applications. The business grew well above the company average as did all of our Analytical Instruments businesses. So when you look at the Analytical Instruments Segment, it wasn't really electron microscopy-driven, but actually it was strength across chroma/mass spec, chemical analysis and electron microscopy. When you look at the performance of FEI, synergies are on track. Integration is pretty much done. And when I think about the outlook there, bookings continue to be strong. So, we feel very good about it. And in terms of kind of the materiality, FEI, if we didn't have FEI as part of our numbers, we would have grown 6% in the quarter. So the company had a great quarter. Electron microscopy had a great quarter from a top line. So, hopefully, that kind of answers the various perspectives on electron microscopy.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, that's a lot more color than I expected. So thanks, appreciate that. And then just I'm going to squeeze in two, because I've just been getting these and they're sort of related to each other. I've got a bunch of questions on just the sort of like as we see sort of changes in interest rates, sort of how your current balance sheet is set up? And if there's any issues in terms of needing to re-financing and sort of fixed and floating rates and, I guess, sort of how this is  how sort of like the changing environments impacts your capital deployment strategy in terms of  does it change up with your M&A targets or metrics?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So in terms of the M&A portion, we've used the same weighted average cost of capital since I joined the company, as is Stephen in 2001, which is a hurdle rate of 8.5%. So, in terms of the interest rate movements or potential movements, we've been using the cost of capital assumption that's been greater than what our true cost of capital is. So there's no effect there. And obviously, when we're deploying capital, we're looking for double-digit returns. In terms of what we've assumed in our model, we've assumed the Fed to increase rates 25 basis points each of the quarters. So that's assumed in the interest cost. I don't know Stephen, if you want to make...
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes, I'd add some additional color. Derik, when we think about the long-term model that I talked about at the last analyst meeting, basically that assumes an increase in rates going forward. So I don't see that unless rates spike very fast, but I think we're basically modeling that out in terms of the company's performance going forward. We've got just over $5 billion of debt that's variable rate right now. In terms of the maturities, we're making sure we've got a good ladder in terms of maturities so we can manage the debt appropriately. And about half of that variable rate debt actually is outside of the U.S. in euros. So I think we're managing it appropriately.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, thanks. Marc, I want to follow up on your comment a minute ago about Analytical Instruments because you're showing accelerating growth here against comps that have gotten a little bit more difficult. And obviously, FEI has been a big part of that. But as you mentioned, the overall Analytical portfolio is doing better. How much do you think is just the market doing a little bit better versus maybe share gains versus maybe you being exposed to some faster growth segments?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes. So, Tycho, you've covered the company a long time, and to see all three of our instrument lines do well, the chemical analysis piece is really driven by market, right? So that's encouraging in terms of the acceleration. The chroma/mass spec, clearly, is share gain. The business is doing very well and very strong growth. So that one is straightforward. The market is good, actually. When I look at it geographically, the chroma/mass spec business, it was good in China, it was good in India, it was good in the U.S. So that business is performing very well. But market, chemical analysis, probably good market in chroma/mass spec with strong share gain as well. And as I mentioned earlier, electron microscopy, we have a good position there, and our business is performing well across the three applications of the two materials science ones and life sciences.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then a follow-up on Patheon. We had a couple of people asking with the news this week, the additional capacity expansion. Are you able to say how much of that is committed at this point? Or how do we think about utilization ramping as that comes online? And then at the time of the Patheon deal, you had also talked about the opportunity set being pretty wide for bolt-ons around that. So I'm just curious as to how actively you're looking at complementing what you had there with M&A?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes. So, Tycho, thanks for the question. Because it's single-use technology expansion, what we're doing is really expanding the shell of the building, but you add the physical capacity of the reactors as you get customer commitments, so that you don't wind up. It's not a big stainless steel facility where you start with very low utilization after ramp. It's rather you kind of add as you go. So we feel good about what the revenue outlook is and it kind of lines up with the expansion of capacity during 2019 and beyond. In terms of the pipeline, we have a very active M&A pipeline across our various businesses, including our pharma services business. And we'll continue to evaluate the various transactions. And if they're good fits with good returns, then we'll do that. But, as you know, we continue to be a very disciplined acquirer.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then just one quick clarification. Was there any flu contribution in Specialty Diagnostics? I had a few people asking about that.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes. So in terms of flu, we saw stronger growth in our health care market channel, which benefited from the stronger flu season in the U.S. At the company level, flu was negligible in terms of the impact. When you look at the Specialty Diagnostics business, there was a little bit of an offset to the strong flu which was the first quarter was a particularly weak seasonal allergy season. So you got benefit of flu which is lower margin and a little bit of softness in seasonal allergy which is higher margin. So that probably  as you kind of work your way through numbers, that helps reconcile things.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. So thanks for all the Patheon updates. At the clinical trial logistics business, so strong growth in the quarter. How are booking trends there and what new outsourcing opportunities are you seeing with the integrated offering?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So the clinical trials business had a nice start to the year and a good outlook for the full year. So that business has returned to robust growth which is in line with what we thought it would do. So that's good to see. The feedback from the customer base in terms of the combined offering of both formulation and the packaging logistics and manufacturing capabilities we have has really been very positive. That's actually been the area where we've gotten our first revenue synergies already in the book. And the reason you would do that or get that faster is at shorter decision-making time, right. You're dealing with clinical materials versus commercial products. So we're starting to see the synergies there, and we're making the offering as integrated and as seamless as possible for the customer base which will be very positive over time.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. And then geographically could you give a little bit more color on the U.S. market? I think I heard low single digits. Just how the various businesses are performing domestically? Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes. So, Jack, North America very similar to what we've been seeing, low single-digit growth in the quarter. And nothing really jumped out as a particularly different trend than what we've seen in the last year. So we've been able to deliver the very strong organic growth for the quarter with that low to mid-single-digit-type growth that we've been seeing in North America, and that's what our expectation is.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you, Marc.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. I just want to go back to free cash flow. It was negative in the quarter. This seems largely attributable to the increase in working capital in the quarter. It was a figure that was light of our forecast. And while you indicated that free cash flow was in line with your expectation, you would need to ramp Q2 through Q4 free cash flow at a steeper rate than we've typically seen you generate and that's to get to your reiterated full year free cash flow target of $3.8 billion for the year. So with that in mind, just a few questions. One, why was Q1 free cash flow negative? Is this just typical Q1 timing? Second, how is Patheon impacting free cash flow? And what's the long-term target there? Third, what gives you confidence in your ability to ramp the way your guidance implies over the balance of the year? And fourth, you materially beat revenue and EPS expectations for the quarter. You increased guidance for the year, but you didn't change your free cash flow outlook. I'm wondering why. Thank you.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Okay. So thanks for the four-part question. So when you think about the negative cash flow in Q1, as you can see from the cash flow statement, it's really driven by working capital. A piece of this is in Q4. We had a very strong contribution from working capital, and that was slightly higher than we had anticipated in  as we were entering Q4. So we've seen a little bit of that unwind as we've gone into Q1. And that's really then offset by the strength and the outlook in terms of overall for the earnings for the year. So that's why we still feel very confident about the $3.8 billion for the full year. And when you look on the history of our cash flows, they're very much  they're favoring towards the end of the year, Q2 and Q3, in particular. So, yes, there's nothing really to read into this. It's really just around the change in the working capital, little bit on cash taxes and cash interest.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: And the Patheon impact?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes, the Patheon is basically as we'd expected. So we previously  before Patheon expecting to deliver about 90% of adjusted net income into free cash flow. Patheon has slightly had very capital intensity of a business and the overall of that brings the company average to 88%. And that's kind of what we guided to for the year.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And real quick, just to sneak in one more. On NIH, how is activity and demand from U.S. academic, government, research customers trended subsequent to the new fiscal 2018 NIH budget release? And does the NIH budget change impact your growth expectations for the end market as you've incorporated assumptions into guidance? Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Doug, thanks. In terms of NIH, if you go back to our guidance at the end of January, our assumption in the guidance was that we would get a budget at some point in the early part of the year and that that budget would increase. So the $3 billion increase that we saw in March was in line with what we're expecting to happen. Obviously, it happened late in the quarter, so it really had no effect on what we saw in the North America spend in the market. And generally, when you look at academic and government, the North America was modest growth in the quarter and good strength in Europe and good strength in China.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for the time here. Just a couple of clarifications on channel dynamics. I guess, first, I'd start with diagnostics. If I take the results in Specialty Diagnostics, certainly a good number, actually a little ahead of us, little bit of help from flu. But then if I look at the results on the diagnostics and health care channel, maybe a little lighter than we expected. I wonder  I appreciate that you called out that it was in line with internal plan. Can you just help us parse through the deltas there on the trends so we can maybe piece the model together a little bit more finely?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes. So, Steve, I'll take that one. So when you think about Specialty Diagnostics growing 5% and diagnostics and health care are growing low-single digits. In terms of like gap, in terms of the diagnostics products we have good traction with some applied end markets particularly around food safety and that shows up in industrial and applied. And then outside the Specialty Diagnostics, you see the impact of timing of some large orders in some businesses there. And the combination of those two things create that dynamic, slightly different growth rates. When you look at the actual, we give low single-digit ranges and specific numbers for the segments. It's not that materially different between the two.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Got it. And then one for Marc on bioprocess. It's been a long time since I've seen such a big spread between revenue growth in bioprocess and order growth in bioprocess. And to be fair, of course, there is comment on what we're seeing outside of Thermo as we don't see your numbers. But if we roll the numbers up, it looks like strong order growth against revenue growth that's still maybe mid-single digits. Is that a reasonable way to think about the market? It still hasn't really popped back in a strong way, but really strong lead indicators. We just love to hear any observations you have on how things are evolving there. Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes. I mean if I think about the quarter for pharma and biotech, first starting at the one level above your question, which is, it's a great quarter, right, 10% growth. And when you look at it, we saw strength across our entire business and we saw really strong performance in bioproduction, chroma/mass spec and in our channel business. And then, when you look at the bioproduction piece, it was a great quarter, right, with very strong growth. So I'm not sure about this bookings mid-single-digits, it's not reflective at all of our performance in the market.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Well, love to see the share gains. Thanks, Marc.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Steve Barr Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Good morning. A couple of quick questions for you guys. First, if you could just remind us on your exposure to India and generics? And any comments related to that end market? And then I had one follow-up.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Well, what's the follow-up? What's the second one?
Steve Barr Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: The second one is just it sounds like the guidance increase for organic growth here for the full year seems to be largely due to the outperformance here in the first quarter. I'm just wondering why you don't think or at least not factoring in here kind of that stronger trends continuing or being sustainable over the remainder of the year?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Sure. Good question. So India is less than 2% of our revenue, double-digit growth, been on that trend for a long period of time. So it's really  there's not much more in India other than the business is doing well.
Steve Barr Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: And not a concentration in generic manufacturing customers. So...
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: No, we cover the full market, including that customer base. From an organic perspective, obviously, very strong start to the year. We were pleased to raise our guidance from 4% to 5% to about 5%. And we raised the guidance by $50 million organically. We obviously also raised it for the strong  on top of that for the Patheon performance as well, which doesn't show up in the organic calculations. When we think about the balance of the year and why we did that level, I felt like the right thing to  from a prudent standpoint to do, but with one quarter behind us, that perspective. If the market conditions continue to play out like we saw in Q1, this is going to be a very, very strong year. So we're going to maximize our share gain and capitalize on all the opportunities and play it out that way. Just as a reminder, we have a challenging comparison in the fourth quarter with the 8% growth last year in the fourth quarter. So the strong start to the year gives us a little bit of buffer for a range of outcomes on the fourth quarter, but everything we see right now is quite positive.
Steve Barr Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thanks. Marc, maybe just on the industrial/applied markets, can you talk through the core industrial growth rates in various geographies? Wondering specifically on how the U.S. and China trended in that market.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes. Patrick, thanks for the question. So industrial and applied markets is very strong with high single-digit growth. Really, saw it strongly in our instrument business. The chroma/mass spec, chemical analysis, which is a lot of your spectroscopy-type instruments, electron microscopy for the materials science applications. Asia was really the stand-out. It was not at all limited to China, but China was strong. Japan actually had a good quarter. We saw it in Korea. So, Taiwan was good. So, really, broad-based across Asia Pacific and reasonable market conditions in Europe and in North America. But really, the strength was driven by broad-based strength in Asia Pacific.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then maybe now some of the hurricane disruptions are farther on the rearview here, can you update us just on Patheon cost synergies? How utilization is trending in some of the facilities? I know that's where the synergies are going to come from. So I'm curious on how that's trending.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes. So in terms of the cost synergies, we're running right on track from the cost synergies and the funnel on the revenue synergies looks very encouraging, which should really be very helpful to the 2019 numbers as we build that. But those are running on track from that perspective. From the hurricane impact, I did go down and visit our sites in Puerto Rico in March. And really, the team there has done a remarkable job. We got back up into production in January, so no impact financially in terms of this year. But actually, the team across our sites there actually took the adversity of a tough situation and actually made the business stronger. Really, I was very impressed, and came away inspired by what the teams are doing. So we're off to a good start in Patheon, not only in Puerto Rico but across the board.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Patrick, just some additional color. So we're rolling out the PPI Business System across the Patheon sites. That's essentially being completed in terms of the first seven key sites and rolling out to the rest. And it's been really well embraced by the team. And it's going to be a big driver long-term of the cost synergies and the capacity utilization.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: And we said we were running slightly ahead of the $0.30 accretion that we expected for the first full year. So, things are going well there, Patrick.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Appreciate it. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. So, on the LPS segment, I was hoping you can give some more color on the margin declines. Stephen, I think you mentioned mix and some strategic investments, but anymore color you could offer would be helpful.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes. So in terms of LPS, in terms of the mix dynamic, it was primarily due to the channel business, which is lower-margin than the rest of the businesses in that segment growing faster than the Lab Products business, which is a higher-margin business in that segment. So that was really the mix dynamic. And then investment-wise, we continue to invest in the capabilities here, serving key end markets. And we continue to invest in the service and e-business capabilities, e-commerce capabilities within the channel business.
Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Arias with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Thanks. Marc, just another one on industrial. Obviously, the things there have come back nicely. So, I guess, when you talk to customers, does it feel like there's a potential for sort of a natural pause once you get past this initial wave of pent-up spending? Or do you think, for the most part, order trends are pretty smoothly upward for a while? Just trying to get a sense for the second or third inning of what the rebound might look like.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: That's a hard one to know. In bookings, we're good, right? So which gives you some revenue visibility going forward and obviously the teams have a very active funnel of potential new orders. But that's going to be driven by ultimately if they converge it's just going to be a function of macroeconomic outlook, geopolitical, things of that sort. But right now, very encouraging in terms of what we're seeing.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. Okay. Thanks. And then, Stephen, to your point in the prepared remarks, LSS margins have been kind of creeping up pretty steadily here. Is mid-30s the right way to model that segment these days before just thinking about mid-single-digit organic?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes. I think we get very good volume leverage off that business. So we got good margin expansion potential for that going forward.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Dan.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Operator, we have time for just one more.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Paul Knight with Janney Montgomery. Your line is open.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Hey, guys. Congratulations on the quarter.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Paul.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: As you look at the past cycles on PMI, what are you think Marc where we are? You think first three months of this or a year or what's your thoughts?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes. In terms of the discussion with the industrial customer base, it's been very positive. We went through a long period of very difficult conditions in the industrial base. So you're benefiting from two different factors: a) older fleet out there, so customers are wanting to get the benefit of a new fleet of instruments as well as capacity expansion. And we actually  we got our first big new expansion in the mining portion of our business. It's a very small portion of our business, but that's very encouraging, right? Because those are multiyear projects and based on the forecast of the economic growth, it's going to be good. So, at least right now we feel like the outlook continues to be very positive in the industrial end markets. Thank you for the question, Paul.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Marc, with the media business, isn't that going to help op margins at Thermo with media integrated with Catalent. Could you talk to that?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes. So in terms of our media capabilities, it should be  one of the things I've been super excited about is the collaboration between our bioproduction team which would be media and our biologics team, which would be Patheon and the knowledge sharing and the learning that we're getting. So, over time, that clearly is going to improve the margins for our contract manufacturing activities as well as raise our expectations and performance for bioproduction. So feel very good about it.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Let me wrap-up the call. Obviously, we're pleased to deliver another very strong quarter. We feel we're in a very strong position to deliver on our growth goals for the year. As always, thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. And we're looking forward to seeing you at our Investor Day in New York City on May 23, which you know I always consider as my favorite day of the year. Look forward to seeing all of you. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. All participants may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth Apicerno - VP, IR Marc Casper - President and CEO Stephen Williamson - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company Jack Meehan - Barclays Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs Dan Arias - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2017 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin you call.
Kenneth Apicerno: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note, this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts & Presentations, until February 16, 2018. A copy of the press release of our fourth quarter 2017 earnings and future expectations is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Results. So, before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the Companys future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Companys quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017 under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and then also available in the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also, during this call, well be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our fourth quarter 2017 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So, with that, Ill now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thank you, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our 2017 Q4 call. As you saw in our press release, we delivered an outstanding year. We achieved strong growth in revenues and earnings; we executed well to take advantage of good conditions across our end-markets; and we became a stronger partner for our customers by successfully executing our growth strategy and completing strategic M&A. The excellent progress we made in 2017 has significantly strengthened our leadership position and sets up very well for the year ahead. We have a lot to cover this morning. So, I will hit just some of the highlights from the quarter and the year. Let me begin with our financial performance, starting with the quarter. We delivered very strong adjusted earnings per share growth in Q4 with a 16% increase to $2.79 per share. Our revenue in the quarter increased 22% year-over-year to $6.05 billion. Adjusted operating income increased 18% to $1.45 billion and our adjusted operating margin in Q4 was 24%.  Turing to our result for the full year. We extended our long track record of consistently delivering strong earnings performance in 2017 with a 15% increase in adjusted earnings per share to $9.49 per share. We increased revenues by 14% for the full year to $20.92 billion. Adjusted operating income increased 15% to $4.86 billion with adjusted operating margin of 23.2%. So, it was a great year. Our team did an excellent job of driving our growth initiatives forward and successfully completing and integrating new acquisitions. As a result of their efforts, were in a stronger position to serve our customers, provide opportunities for our collogues and create value for our shareholders. Turning to our performance by end market. Conditions were strong and we executed very well to take advantage of our growth opportunities. I will give you some specific commentary on the quarter and a little additional color on our results for the year. Starting with pharma and biotech. We delivered strong growth in Q4 across all of our businesses that serve these customers including good contributions from our bioproduction and clinical trials businesses. This resulted in 10% growth for the quarter in this end market. We continue to capitalize on the underlying strength of pharma and biotech and the deep relationships weve built over time to deliver our unique value proposition for these customers. Our leading position in this end market, led to high single digit growth for the year. In academic and government, we grew in the high single digits during the quarter. Geographically, we performed well across our key regions; and from a product perspective, we saw a strong demand for our mass spectrometry and electron microscopy systems. For the full year, we delivered mid single digit growth in this end market. In diagnostics and health care, we were pleased to deliver a very good quarter with high single digit growth. Our performance in this end market was driven primarily by strength in our seasonal businesses as well as good demand for our biomarker tests. For the full year, our growth here was in the low single digits. Last, in industrial and applied, we achieved mid single digit growth for the quarter and the year. In Q4, we saw strength across our various businesses serving this customer base. In particular, it was great to see continued good growth in our chemical analysis business. So, to summarize our performance. Good market conditions across the board and great execution by our teams led to strong growth for the year. Now, let me shift gears to talk about our accomplishments in the context of our growth strategy, which is based on our ability to continuously develop high impact, innovative new products, leverage our scale in emerging markets and deliver a unique value proposition to our customers. Im pleased with the excellent progress we made in 2017 in all three elements of our strategy. Starting with innovation. This is one of our core values as a Company, and we invested about $900 million in R&D, in 2017. We had a number of milestones during the year across all of our key technology platforms, and I am going to cover some of the highlights. First, the mass spectrometry. We continued to build on the long-term success of our Orbitrap platform by launching the Thermo Scientific Q Exactive HF-X system for life sciences research. We also expanded our offering for applied markets for the new triple-stage quadrupole instruments. Turning to electron microscopy. Its been a little over year since we acquired FEI, and we launched a number of new products since then, among the highlights for material science applications, we expanded our Thermo Scientific Helios G4 DualBeam platform and for structural biology, new systems such as our Thermo Scientific Krios G3i are helping us to increase our presence in that fast-growing market. You may recall that the winners of the 2017 Nobel Prize in Chemistry achieved breakthrough developments in structural biology using our cryo-EM technologies. This is a terrific business that we continue to make even stronger through our leading presence in pharma and biotech. In Specialty Diagnostics, we launched a number of new assays during the year. This included receiving FDA clearance to expand the use of our BRAHMS PCT test as a biomarker for bacterial infection, helping doctors to make better decisions regarding the use of antibiotics. We have a number of highlights in our genetic analysis business as well and the most significant was our new Applied Biosystems SeqStudio instrument for Sanger sequencing. This cloud-enabled system was designed for simplicity and affordability to serve customers working in low to mid throughput laboratories. Especially exciting were two new cancer treatment breakthroughs that in 2017 were enabled through our innovations. One was the first FDA-approved companion diagnostic for non-small cell lung cancer using our NGS-based Oncomine Dx Target Test; another was the first FDA-approved CAR-T immunotherapy for treating a specific form of childhood leukemia which use our Dynabeads technology. These are both examples of our significant contributions towards advancing precision medicine which will continue to be a priority for us going forward. Turning to the second element of our growth strategy. We continue to leverage our scale to drive growth in emerging markets. As of year-end these high-growth regions represent 21% of our total revenue. China, India, and South Korea all delivered strong growth. China grew in the high teens once again in 2017, and remains a key growth market for us, constituting about 10% of our total revenue today. We continue to fuel the long-term growth in China through targeted investments. And during the year, we opened two new customer demo centers that showcased our leadership in electron microscopy and precision medicine. These new capabilities are helping us to capitalize on the priorities outlined in Chinas five-year plan. Weve also invested significantly in our digital capabilities and are pleased that our ecommerce revenues in China grew 50% in 2017. In addition to China, weve continued to increase our scale and depth of capabilities across emerging markets from India to the Middle East to Southeast Asia. Turning to our customer value proposition which is the third element of our growth strategy. We invested significantly to enhance our offering through a number of strategic acquisitions during the year. In Q4, we completed two small bolt-on acquisitions that expand our air quality monitoring and scanning electron microscopy platforms. As you know, the most significant transaction from 2017 was our acquisition of Patheon, a leading provider of contract development and manufacturing services for pharma and biotech customers. These capabilities are a perfect complement to our leading clinical trials logistics services and allowed us to create a $3 billion pharma services business. Weve owned Patheon for about five months, the integration is proceeding well, and were on track to achieve our cost and revenue synergy targets for year one. I recently met with our sales team in this business to help them kick off the year. Theyre super excited about the opportunities they have as part of Thermo Fisher and I believe their enthusiasm is a reflection of what theyre hearing directly from our pharma and biotech customers. Id also like to update you on the Patheon site in Puerto Rico that was impacted by the damage to the islands power infrastructure after the hurricane. Our teams there really stepped up, and I couldnt be more proud of the way they responded, making sure all of their colleagues were safe and getting the facility back on line to help our customers deliver critical medicines to patients. The site began shipping in late Q4 and was fully operational as we entered 2018. Turning to capital deployment, 2017 was another very active year for us. All told, we deployed $7.8 billion on M&A to expand our customer offering and strengthen the strategic position of Thermo Fisher. Looking forward, we continue to have a very active M&A pipeline. Were focused on paying down debt and were committed to driving high returns from the investments weve made. We also returned $1 billion of capital to our shareholders in 2017 through stock buybacks and dividends. As we said in the past, we intend to grow our dividend over time. And this morning, we announced that we increased our dividend by 13%. Returning capital remains an important part of our overall capital deployment strategy. Before I wrap up, let me make a quick comment on the other announcement we made this morning. As you know, the new tax law is a real positive for Thermo Fisher and will further lower our tax rate. Weve decided to reinvest some of the benefit in our colleagues, customers and communities. In 2017, we invested $34 million of the tax benefit by paying a one-time bonus to all of our non-executive colleagues around the world as a way to thank them for their commitment to our success. In 2018, well invest $16 million to accelerate breakthrough R&D programs and also to increase the impact of our STEM education and sustainability activities. Were pleased to take advantage of this unique opportunity to complement our ongoing investments in Thermo Fishers future growth. So to summarize, our strong Q4 really capped off a great year. Our teams executed very well to deliver strong revenue and earnings growth. We strengthened our leadership by advancing our growth strategy and continuing to gain share. We also continued to successfully execute our M&A strategy to create significant value for our customers and our shareholders. Looking ahead, as youd expect, were planning to extend our long track record of consistent, strong financial performance in 2018. Stephen will outline the assumptions that factor into our revenue and earnings guidance, but let me quickly hit the highlights. In terms of our revenue, we expect to deliver from $23.42 billion to $23.72 billion in 2018 which would result in 12% to 13% growth over 2017. Were initiating adjusted EPS guidance for 2018 in the range of $10.68 to $10.88 per share. This would lead to 13% to 15% growth over the strong adjusted EPS performance we delivered this past year. Our excellent result in 2017 really sets us up for another successful year ahead. With that, I will turn the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. Ill take you through our fourth quarter and full year results of the total Company, then, Ill provide some color on our four segments, and conclude with a detailed review of our 2018 guidance. Before I get into the details of our financial performance, I thought it would be helpful to provide a high level view of how the fourth quarter played out versus our expectations at the time of our last earnings call. As you saw in our press release, we had a strong finish to the year and delivered 8% organic growth in Q4. This was driven by good market conditions and great operational execution. From an earning stand point, we delivered adjusted earnings per share that was $0.15 higher than the midpoint of our previous guidance. This was driven by pull-through on our organic growth and more favorable FX environment, and good performance from the Patheon acquisition, partially offset by the $34 million onetime bonus for our non-executive collogues across the Company that Marc highlighted. So, for the year as a whole, we delivered 5% organic growth, 15% growth in adjusted earnings per share and $3.5 billion of free cash flow. So, overall, excellent financial results in 2017. So, now, let me give you more color on our performance. Starting with adjusted earnings per share. As you saw in our press release, we grew adjusted EPS in Q4 by 16% to $2.79. For the full year, adjusted EPS was $9.49, up 15% versus 2016. As you know, U.S. tax reform legislation was enacted during the quarter. And as we expected, it will have a positive impact on the Company. I will cover the 2018 impact in detail in the guidance section of my comments later on. The impact of the legislation on Q4 2017 was a onetime GAAP only charge of $204 million. This represents the transition tax on deemed repatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries, partially offset by the remeasurement impact of U.S. deferred tax balances at the new lower corporate tax rates. As a result, GAAP EPS in the quarter was $1.30, down 18% from Q4 last year and for the full year 2017 was $5.59, up 10% versus 2016. On the top-line, in Q4, our reported revenue increased 22% year-over-year. The components of our Q4 revenue included 8% organic growth and 11% impact of acquisitions and the 3% tailwind from foreign exchange. For the full year, 2017 reported revenue increased 14% year-over-year. The 2017 reported revenue includes 5% organic growth and 9% impact from acquisitions and an immaterial impact from foreign exchange. Looking at our growth by geography in Q4. North America grew in the high single digits, Europe grew mid single digits, Asia Pacific grew in the low teens with another strong contribution from China which grew in the high teens, and the rest of the world grew in the low teens. For the full year, all geographies grew in the mid single digits except for Asia Pacific, which grew 10%. Turning to our operational performance. Q4 adjusted operating income increased 18% and adjusted operating margin was 24%, down 80 basis points from Q4 of last year. As a reminder, Patheon is a scale acquisition with gross margins and operating income margins lower than our Company average and was just over 80 basis points dilutive to total adjusted operating margins in the quarter. The addition of Patheon will continue to be dilutive to our adjusted operating margins over the first 12 months of ownership. The one-time bonus payments to our non-executive colleagues was a cost in Q4 2017 and was dilutive to adjusted operating margins by 70 basis points in the quarter. So, our underlying operational performance was strong in the quarter at 70 basis points of expansion, driven by very good volume pull-through and productivity, partially offset by strategic investments and unfavorable business mix. For the full year, adjusted operating income increased 15% and adjusted operating margin was 23.2%, up 10 basis points from 2016, in line with our expectations. Moving on to the details of the P&L. Total Company adjusted gross margin came in at 47% in the quarter, down 240 basis points from the prior year. For the full year, adjusted gross margin was 48.2%, down 60 basis points from 2016. For both the quarter and the full year, gross margin contraction was driven by the dilutive impact of acquisitions and unfavorable business mix; this was partially offset by strong productivity. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 19.2% of revenue, which is down a 110 basis points versus Q4 of 2016, and R&D expense came in at 3.9% of revenue, down 40 basis points versus Q4 of last year. For the full year, adjusted SG&A was 20.7%, down 90 basis points compared to full year 2016, and R&D expense was 4.2% of sales, up 10 basis points compared to the prior year, and R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue for the year was 6.6%. Looking at our results below the line. The net interest expense in Q4 was $146 million, which is $29 million higher than Q4 last year, mainly as a result of the incremental debt related to our capital deployment activities this year. Net interest expense for the full year was $511 million, an increase of $90 million from 2016. Adjusted other income and expense was a net expense in the quarter at $3 million, which is $14 million unfavorable versus Q4 2016, driven primarily by changes in non-operating FX. Our adjusted tax rate was 13.3% in the quarter, right in line with our prior guidance; this is a 130 basis-point lower than Q4 2016 due to the timing of discreet tax planning items as well as the impact of Patheon. Our full year adjusted tax rate was 13%, which is 80 basis points lower than full year 2016. Q4 average diluted shares were 405 million, slightly higher than our previous guidance of 404.5 million due to slightly higher option dilution. For the full year, average diluted shares were 398 million, up 0.5 million from 2016. For the full year, FX was a year-over-year tailwind of $70 million on revenue and immaterial impact on adjusted operating income. Other income had an $11 million FX headwind for the full year, resulting in a $0.02 headwind on adjusted EPS from FX in 2017. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. For the full year, cash flow from continuing operations was $4 billion and free cash flow was $3.5 billion after deducting net capital expenditures of approximately $500 million that is $665 million higher than 2016 and ahead of our previous guidance, primarily due to strong operational performance and effective working capital management. During 2017 we continued returning capital to shareholders with $750 million of share buybacks and $240 million in dividends. As Marc mentioned, we successfully deployed capital to strengthen our customer value proposition through strategic acquisitions including Patheon as well as a number of smaller bolt-on acquisitions. All told, our total capital deployment in 2017 was approximately $8.8 billion. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.3 billion in cash, just slightly higher than normal as we were preparing to pay down a $450 million senior note in the first week in January. We finished the year with total debt of $21 billion, down $1 billion from the end of Q3, driven by debt pay down during the quarter. Our leverage ratio at the end of the year was 4 times total debt to adjusted EBITDA on a reported basis, which is down from 4.4 times at the end of Q3 and in line with our expectations. So, wrapping up my comments, our total Company performance, we continued to drive strong ROIC performance in 2017. Adjusted ROIC at the end of 2017 was 10%; this is up 10 basis points compared to the prior year, demonstrating the strength of our underlying businesses offsetting the impact of a significant capital added from our acquisition activity in 2017. So, with that, Ill now provide you some color on the performance of our four business segments, starting with Life Sciences Solutions segment. Reported revenue increased 11% and organic revenue growth was 8% in Q4. We saw strong growth across the segment, particularly in our bioproduction and biosciences businesses. For the full year, reported revenue increased 8% and organic revenue growth was 6%. Q4 adjusted operating income in Life Sciences Solutions increased 20% and adjusted operating margin was 35.6%, which is 270 basis points higher than Q4 of 2016. Adjusted operating margin expansion was driven by strong productivity as well as volume pull-through and foreign exchange; this was partially offset by strategic investments. For the full year 2017, adjusted operating margin was 33.1%, an increase of 310 basis points over 2016. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue increased 16% and organic revenue growth was 11% in Q4. In the quarter, we benefited from strong growth contributions across all of our businesses within this segment. For the full year, reported revenue in the segment increased 31% and organic growth was 9%. Q4 adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments increased 16% and adjusted operating margin was flat year-over-year at 24.5%. In the quarter, we saw a very strong productivity and volume pull-through; this was offset by the impact of strategic investments, foreign exchange and unfavorable business mix. For the full year 2017, adjusted operating income increased 38% and adjusted operating margin was 21.3%, 100 basis points higher than 2016. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics segment. In Q4, reported revenue increased 10% and organic revenue growth was 7%. In the quarter, we had strong growth in seasonal products and good performance in our clinical and transplant diagnostics businesses. For the full year, we grew both reported and organic revenue 4%. Adjusted operating income grew 6% in Q4 compared to 2016 and adjusted operating margin was 26.5%, down 70 basis points from the prior year. Adjusted operating margin within the quarter benefited from positive contributions of our PPI Business System and volume pull-through; however, this is more than offset by unfavorable business mix and strategic investments. For the full year 2017, adjusted operating income increased 2% and adjusted operating margin was 26.7%, down 50 basis points from 2016. And finally, I will cover the Laboratory Products and Services segment, which as a reminder, includes the Patheon acquisition. In this segment, Q4 reported revenue increased 43% and organic revenue growth was 9%. Our channel business once again delivered strong organic growth from the quarter and its good to see all businesses in this segment growing well, including the clinical trials logistics business. For the full year, reported revenue increased 16% and organic growth was 5%. In Q4, adjusted operating income in the segment increased 28% and adjusted operating margin was 12.5%, down 150 basis points from the prior year. Adjusted operating margin benefited from strong volume pull-through and the accretive impact on the segment from acquisitions; this is more than offset by unfavorable business mix and strategic investments. For the full year 2017, adjusted operating income increased 4% and adjusted operating margin was 12.9%, down 150 basis points compared to the prior year. With that, I would like to review the details of our 2018 guidance. As Marc mentioned, were initiating a 2018 adjusted EPS guidance range of $10.68 to $10.88, which is a 13% to 15% growth over 2017. In terms of revenue, our guidance range is $23.42 billion to $23.72 billion, which is growth of 12% to 13% over 2017. And for 2018, were expecting to deliver between 4% and 5% organic revenue growth. Let me now cover the key assumptions that we factored into our guidance. Were assuming this foreign exchange is a $300 million revenue tailwind to 2018, which should represent a positive impact of just over 1%. This reflects the average of rates over the past two months. We assume that this pull through at approximately 20%, given our current mix of currencies, the addition of Patheon and potential transactional FX. This translates to an EPS tailwind from FX of $0.13 or just over 1%. We expect acquisitions completed in 2017 will contribute 7% to our reported revenue growth in 2018. From an adjusted operating margin standpoint, as I mentioned earlier, Patheons margin profile is lower than the average of the Company, so it will be dilutive to the overall operating margins until the anniversary date in late August. The impact of this in 2018 is 50 basis points of dilution. Despite this headwind, were still expecting to deliver 20 to 30 basis points of expansion year-over-year in 2018, reflecting strong operational performance. Moving below the line, we expect net interest expense to be in the range of $550 million to $555 million, about $40 higher than 2017, primarily as a result of the debt we took on for acquisitions in 2017 and assumed rate increases in 2018. For guidance purposes, Ive assumed that the Fed increases rate 25 basis points per quarter in 2018. Were assuming other income and expense will be an immaterial net expense in 2018. As I mentioned earlier, as expected, the impact of U.S. tax reform is a positive for the company. As a result, in 2018, were assuming an adjusted income tax rate of 12%; this compares to 13% for 2017. The detailed regulations supporting the new tax law are still being finalized by the U.S. Treasury. But, based on where we anticipate the final wording to land, factoring in our tax planning activities, we expect no cash impact from the transition tax charge that we incurred in Q4 of 2017. And in addition for 2018, we expect cash taxes to be slightly lower than the adjusted P&L tax cost. Were assuming net capital expenditures to be approximately $700 million to $730 million for the year. The increase over 2017 is due to the timing of projects and the full year impact of Patheon. We anticipate receiving approximately $30 million of customer funding towards this CapEx. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $3.8 billion in 2018; the increase over 2017 is mainly due to higher earnings. And in terms of capital deployment, were assuming that well return approximately $275 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends, reflecting the increase in dividend we announced earlier today. Our guidance also assumes a total of $500 million of share buybacks in 2018, which we assume will be completed during the second half of the year. We estimate that the full year average diluted shares will be in the range of 405 million to 407 million, up approximately 8 million from the average in 2017, primarily due to the equity offering last year. Our guidance assumes that well continue to use excess cash to reduce debt and as always does not assume any future acquisitions or divestitures. And finally, I wanted to touch on quarterly phasing for the year. In terms of organic revenue growth, were expecting Q2 and Q3 to be slightly higher than the average for the year. This phasing is driven by the timing of holidays in the first half of the year and strong comps in Q4. In terms of adjusted EPS, were expecting the same phasing as 2017 when you look at each quarter as a percentage of the total year. And as always in interpreting our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance ranges, you should focus on the midpoint as the most likely view on how we see the year playing out. So, in summary, we delivered excellent financial results in 2017 and look forward to doing the same in 2018. With that, Ill turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth Apicerno: Thanks, Stephen. Operator, we are ready to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tycho Peterson from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Marc, I wanted to start off with biopharma, obviously great growth there, 10%. Just wondering if you can provide a little bit more color, any budget flush dynamic? Can you comment on January trends? And then, as we think about bioprocess, any commentary there? Weve seen some good results out from your peers. So, can you guide us through kind of the inventory destock noise that we heard earlier last year?
Marc Casper: Yes. We had a very good year in pharmaceutical and biotech with high single-digit growth for the year, and in the fourth quarter was 10%. So, when I think about the fourth quarter, we really had strong quarter across the board, biosciences, analytical instruments, our research channel all did very well; bioproduction was very strong; clinical trials business, logistics business also grew, so really very positive. The way I see, the customers really understand the value we bring and we continue to gain share there. From a bioproduction standpoint, it was a good year for bioproduction, grew above the Company average. And as you know, were very bullish about the mid and long term prospects for that business; its got great tailwinds from a macro perspective. And we like the way we finished the year with a quarter of very strong growth.
Tycho Peterson: And then, for the follow-up the Lab Products and Services had a big step up sequentially here. Can you maybe just comment on what drove that? And I think you called that academic being up high single digits, just curious what the driver there was.
Marc Casper: The Lab Products and Services, really a very strong performance across all of the businesses. Our channel business had a very good end to the year. And sequentially, really one of the big drivers was our clinical trials logistic businesses returned to nice growth, right. As we mentioned a year plus ago, were going to have a difficult first three quarters just based on a large study cancelation late in 2016. So, once we anniversaried that, you saw that business, which was great tailwind, returned to nice growth. So thats probably the biggest sequential change in that business.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then, can you just comment on the academic high single digit growth? And Ill leave it there.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, academic and government was very strong in the quarter. We saw a good growth across all of the key geographies and we saw really good growth in our analytical instruments, particularly mass spectrometry and electron microscopy in that segment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Muken from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ross Muken: Good morning guys and I appreciate the whole organization welcoming back with such a good quarter. So, Marc, obviously, the macro backdrop is pretty good and the end markets you serve are quite healthy. But, it still feels like last 12 to 24 months incrementally your business is sort of doing better than peers. And it feels like whether its mix or share or new technologies, you guys have been kind of gaining momentum on the top line. And so, how, when you think about sort of the more recent performance, are you kind of teasing out? How much of this is sort of the macro and some of the markets or some of the acquisitions versus some of the hard work the organizations doing to really have better results on the organic line?
Marc Casper: So, Ross, thanks for the question. And obviously, the end markets are good. And the biggest change really in 2017 was that industrial and applied turned back to mid single digit growth. So, that helps the industry, and obviously we benefited from it. But, we are performing much stronger over the last couple of years, as you highlighted, based on the success of the growth strategy. And when I think about last year, we delivered 5% organic growth and we would have delivered 5% organic growth even if you took out the contribution from FEI in the organic growth. So, we had a really strong year across the business. And it was really good execution. Our channel business had another really good year, when you look at our analytical instruments business, strength across the portfolio, and it was a good year on spend. So, all of those factors contributed to a very strong 2017, and its another step up in performance in terms of our strategy.
Ross Muken: Thats helpful. And may be just on China, I mean, lot of attention being focused there. You guys had another fantastic year. In terms of sort of differentiating between both the industrial and biopharma side there, how are you seeing sort of trends and how are you thinking about comps in that region as we enter next year and whats kind of the assumption baked into the 2018 guide.
Marc Casper: We continue to expect that China is going to be our fastest growing major geography within the Company. Our book to bill was above 1 in China and momentum is strong. There is a tremendous amount of interest in the diagnostics area, expanding healthcare and the applied markets, food safety, environmental protection. Were obviously benefiting a little bit from the industrial recovery as well, but its really the alignment with the five-year plan thats driving the strong growth. And while we obviously will have a challenging comparison in 2018 in China, the team is off to a good start.
Operator: Your next question comes from Derik de Bruin from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Derik de Bruin: So, just one cleanup question and one other one. So, on Q4, can you sort of break out -- you can do this as an aggregate; they dont have to be individual. But, sort of like what you thought the contributions were from the flu season being stronger, hurricane catch-up, any sort of budget flushes? Im basically just trying to figure it out to like model Q4 2018 better.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, I guess, the way I characterized the quarter, no real hurricane catch-up; we didnt see a significant impact in Q3 and it might be a small amount but really nothing creating the noise. The seasonal products were very strong. So, thats probably about half a percentage point in the quarter and then its really about year-over-year spending at the end of the year by our customers, was slightly weaker last year, saw a good strength this year. So, maybe, in total a couple of points.
Derik de Bruin: Okay, great. Thanks. Thats really helpful. And just I cant believe Im going to actually ask you a DNA sequencing question but Im going to. Youve made a lot of news -- there has been a lot of news following your sequencing business in 2017. And Im just wondering its been a while since we sort of have an update on the overall size of that business and sort of like how the business has been growing. Can you guys provide us that? And then, I want to ask what sort of drove the decision to sort of do the relationship with Illumina for the AmpliSeq product? 
Marc Casper: Derik, in terms of next gen sequencing, represents just under 2% of our revenue in kind of order of magnitude. Its a business that is growing reasonably well. Weve had a lot of good product launches during the course of 2017. At the very beginning of this year, we announced a new line of sequencers, two new Oncomine panels, one focused on immuno-oncology, which is obviously very important; and one focused on liquid biopsy. The early feedback from customers on all of the new products is very positive. Were also launching in chemistry for our sequencers. Terms of Illumina obviously they have a very large install base of instruments. And our amplification chemistry is very well regarded. And we made the decision to supply them with those chemistries so that they can mark it on their install base. And we felt like thats a good growth opportunity. And given the fact that we continue to launch new products, we were comfortable with that combination of moves.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen and Company. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: So, you closed out 2017 with your net debt to EBITDA ratio below 4 times, as currently built, we see that getting close to 3 times by the end of this year. Is it fair to say that youre open for business for the right acquisition, based on where your balance sheet is today? And if so, I guess, a multiparter here, how should we think about your capacity, how do we think about the application of your typical ROI criteria in the continue high valuation environment, and how does certainty, on the tax law, impact the M&A environment?
Marc Casper: Yes. Were open for business and being here time, weve never been closed. But, we have a very active pipeline. And part of the reason the way we financed the Patheon acquisition was we issued some level -- modest level of equity as part of that, so that we would never take ourselves out of the market at this point in time, because the Patheon integration really is only one narrow part of the Company. So, we felt like we had the management bandwidth to push through good opportunities. And so, were in that mode. We really have a substantial amount of capacity. So, I dont feel constrained financially in terms of deal size from that perspective. In terms of ROI on transactions, as youve heard me say in the past, when valuations are higher, we always have used the criteria that we dont do bad transactions, meaning that we really focus on the downside scenario of the transaction and ensure that were going to drive good returns, even if something doesnt work out. So, it does inform the kinds of transactions that we do in this type of market. And if you look at it, we avoided speculative transactions, we bought really great businesses. FEI is a good example where its a business that we spent years looking at and thinking about, understanding the business and bought it at a part of the cycle where it was growing around 3%, we were able to grow it in the first year of ownership in the strong double digits. And thats kind of a nose we have for M&A. So, well buy things that we feel we understand the downside scenario with and are going to make good returns for our shareholders on ROI under all the different scenarios that are possible.
Doug Schenkel: And I just want to go back to two topics that came up earlier in the Q&A session but I dont think were addressed completely clearly. First, just to be clear, based on what youre seeing thus far in 2018, are you confident that there was no meaningful pull forward of revenue into Q4 at the expense of Q1? And on the question of bioproduction destocking, the dynamic that was out there across the industry earlier in 2017, are you confident that thats largely abated?
Marc Casper: So, Ive never heard someone say to answer that question. So, thats a first. So, Doug, I guess, the years off to a good start consistent with our guidance. When I look at how bookings were for the last year, they were above 1. So, we enter the year with a good backlog, and theres nothing unusual about how the year started that would indicate some sort of customer pull forward or something that was meaningful. So, I think thats the view. In terms of bioproduction, its a business weve been in for a very, very long time. We really dont spend a lot of intellectual energy around quarter-to-quarter movements there because customers shouldnt pull forward and push out orders all the time. What I would say is that the pipeline is strong, the business had a very good year and the customer activity is really positive. So, we feel good about the outlook for that business for 2018 and feel like the end was a good sign. But, we dont get too hung up on as a quarter strong or weak. Its business as lumpy and thats why I said the mid-term and long-term look really excellent for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jack Meehan from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Thanks. Good morning, guys. I wanted to start with Patheon. Could you give us an update on the outsourcing discussions there with customers since the acquisition, just traction on revenue synergies? And then, has the dialogue changed at all since the beginning of the year with tax reform?
Marc Casper: Yes. Jack, thank you for the question, good morning. In terms of performance services business or Patheon, the customer feedback has been incredibly positive and were having meaningful dialogue with a number of customers. This is a business that doesnt turn quickly in terms of theres a long process of getting products, tech transfer and things of that sort. But nonetheless, the early feedback is very good and the revenue synergy work -- we already have achieved some revenue synergies between our clinical trials logistics business and our new pharma services capabilities. So, those are happening and they will ramp up over time. We have really interesting work going on with our bioproduction business and the biologics portion of that business as well. So, were very bullish about the revenue growth outlook in the midterm for that business. On the tax side of the equation, I think really the pharmaceutical customers have to think through how does the tax law change their manufacturing strategy because a lot of their older strategies were about putting plants in low tax jurisdictions of which some of the advantages to those are no longer as compelling. And therefore, its possible that opens up new opportunities over time. So, thats something that we will continue to explore with our customers.
Jack Meehan: Great. Thats helpful. And just if I could step back, you have long term organic growth target of 4 to 6%, you ended 2017 with a lot of momentum and portfolio is moving in the faster growing areas with FEI and Patheon. Just how would you frame the guidance of 4 to 5% in that context and what are some of the puts and takes as you sit here today?
Marc Casper: Yes. As weve thought about the outlook for the year, we felt good about the 4 to 5% initial guidance for organic growth. And the way we think about it is, as the year unfolds, obviously we adjust the guidance. We felt like -- we like the way the end markets are, we like the way the year ended, we obviously feel good about our orders as well. The things that we will pay attention to later in the year is were going to have a challenging fourth quarter comparison because of the year-end. So, were assuming in the guidance a normal year-end spend as opposed to the very strong year-end spend. So, thats one were not going to know obviously until the fourth quarter, but that would be one of the factors. And then, obviously, if GDP growth continues to accelerate, which appears to be accelerating around the world that obviously could be a tailwind as well. And you could flip it the other way on what would be things that would be headwinds would be if it goes in the opposite direction.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steve Beuchaw: First question is with regard to the analytical instruments business. You saw a nice pick-up there recently. It would be helpful, if you could sort of talk through what you saw second half of the year in a retrospective. How much of this is improvement in the end markets and how much of it is new product flow? And then, for 2018, any color you can give us on how youre thinking about modeling the business would be really helpful, not only with regard to the sustainability of some of those divers but because were including FDI in the organic component, which can be a pretty significant benefit to the organic profile of that business. Thanks.
Marc Casper: So, in terms of looking back, and then I will talk looking forward. Looking back in the second half, we obviously had good new products across the portfolio. So, thats a contributor, mass spectrometry big beneficiary, electron microscopy as well. The other thing in second half is our chemical analysis business, particularly our handheld portable instruments, which kind of represents short cycle industrial recovery, was very good. So, it was very broad base in terms of the growth and the instruments business throughout the year and in the second half. As I think about 2018 and FEI and how to think about it. FEI had very strong growth; our electron microscopy had very strong growth in 2017. That makes for a challenging comparison this year. We anticipate that the business will be a contributor to our growth and grow above the Company average during the course of this year. So, its how we would think about it, based on a spectacular 2017, and we see momentum continuing into 2018, but obviously not as big of contributor because of the comparison.
Steve Beuchaw: And then, just a couple of housekeeping items, one is, I wonder if you could speak at all what fourth quarter underlying growth was in Patheon, how the impact of some of the Puerto Rico challenges impacted that and do we capture some of that back in the first quarter potentially? And then, Stephen, could you give us any sense for what the working capital outlook is year-on-year embedded in the guidance assumption for free cash flow? 
Marc Casper: In terms of Puerto Rico, we dont believe that we will see a pickup in Q1 at normal rates. But, the customers effectively had big products they had to source, so likely bought the product form other source at that point. We may see a little bit of uptick during the course of the year, but I wouldnt think thats a particularly big factor. Underlying growth for the Patheon business for 2017, if you -- obviously not in our numbers but mid single digit year-over-year growth for that business. So, solid growth here and obviously they had headwind. So, I feel good about performance there.
Stephen Williamson: In terms of working capital assumption for 2018, it is essentially kind of a normal year of need for working capital to grow the business organically at the 4% to 5% level, so not expecting a significant difference in the norm there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Donnelly from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Maybe just following up on Jacks question about the long-term organic growth rate, 4 to 6. In the past, youve always talked about one end market has been a headwind, preventing you from getting towards the upper end. But, in the current setup, I know Marc you noted a few weeks ago, end markets are as healthy as theyve been. Do you view 2018 as the best shot you can recall getting towards that 6% number, assuming the current macro backdrop holds up and you have full year of FEI contribution?
Marc Casper: Every year were always working to maximize the performance of the Company and strengthen the strategic position. And as we go into the year, we feel good about the outlook. And historically, weve generally been around 4% as our opening view on organic growth; and this year, obviously, we did 4% to 5%. So, it reflects the momentum. And well drive to the best possible performance. Patheon is not a big contributor to our organic growth this year; it doesnt flow in until the final four months of the year. So, while itll contribute, it is not going to contribute meaningfully to organic growth this year. So, were going to deliver four really strong quarters, and well see ultimately where that winds up in terms of organic growth.
Patrick Donnelly: And then, obviously, your LPS results speak for themselves to a degree but would appreciate if you could just maybe provide some color on the Amazon threat to your business. It seems like thats got a little more air time this past quarter, in spite of their presence not being particularly new. So, have you seen any change in the market from them, are you expecting anything different? We would appreciate your thoughts?
Marc Casper: In Amazon, we take it extraordinarily seriously, right? And weve taken it extraordinarily seriously over the last five years as they thought about and tried different things in this market, and theyve largely been unsuccessful, and therere reasons for that. And I think a lot of the reasons for that is that were relentlessly focused on doing a great job for our customers. And many of you have heard me say, were the Amazon of scientific supplies. We do a great job of aggregating a complex set of categories, providing a very cost effective way for our customers to drive productivity, world-class logistics, on-site personnel handling very technically difficult products, hazardous fluids, refrigeration, we have great supplier relationships. And at the end of the day, weve built an amazing web capability to make it very easy for our customers to transact with us. So, well take it very seriously. We have seen momentum from Amazon. And weve had great performance in our channel business the last couple of years and ended on the strong note. So, well continue to pay attention to it, but feel good about our competitive position.
Patrick Donnelly: Very helpful. Thanks.
Marc Casper: Operator, we have time for just one more.
Operator: Okay. Your next question comes from Dan Arias from Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Dan Arias: Marc, just following up on academic, whats your assumption for NIH funding this year? Obviously some good legislation out there, but it kind of also feels like we could live in continuing resolution land for a while, so just wondering whether your base case, so to speak, as U.S. funding going up in fiscal 2018?
Marc Casper: In terms of the outlook for academic and government for the year, were assuming in our guidance low to mid single digit growth. Were assuming that we will get a budget at some point in the year and that in that thered be a modest level of growth. And thats why you have the range for the segment between low and mid single digits, just depends on when a budget gets passed. I did have a chance to meet with NIH leadership recently. And theyre operating under a stable environment and expect over time when the budget gets passed, it should get better. If I think about the other end markets, diagnostics and health care, were also assuming low to mid single digit growth for this year; pharma and biotech, were assuming mid to high single digit; in industrial, were assuming mid single digit. It kind of gives you a holistic view of the year.
Dan Arias: Yes. Thats great. Thank you. And then maybe just one for Stephen. Stephen, what is necessary for LPS margin to be up in 2018? It looks like youll be up against a favorable comp obviously but just wondering more fundamentally what the key factors are to getting back to the mid teens.
Stephen Williamson: So, I think the individual businesses are doing well; its really been around business mix has been driving the change; this year has been the principal driver. Youre going to see actually benefit from margins from Patheon through the anniversary date for the LPS side of the equation. So, I guess the underlying businesses are actually doing well.
Marc Casper: So, let me wrap up the call with a couple of quick comments, the first of which is Id like to thank Seth Hoogasian, our General Counsel whos been our General Counsel for more than 20 years, retiring at the end of the quarter. Hes been the silent right hand of the management team for a long period of time. And we wish him a happy retirement and thank him for his service to the Company. And then for the reflection of the year, obviously, 2017 was an excellent year and has put us in a great position to achieve our growth goals for the year. And as always, thank you for the ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. And I look forward to interacting with you during the course of the year. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.
Analysts: Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Stephen Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Catherine Ramsey Schulte - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2017 third quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin you call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts & Presentations, until November 3, 2017. A copy of the press release of our third quarter 2017 earnings and future expectations is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Results. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 1, 2017 under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and also available in the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also, during this call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our third quarter 2017 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thank you, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our Q3 call. I am pleased to report that Q3 was another excellent quarter for Thermo Fisher Scientific. We achieved strong growth on both the top and bottom line thanks to sharp execution by our team. We had a number of developments in the quarter that strengthened our leadership and innovation and in emerging markets. And we significantly enhanced our customer value proposition by adding new capabilities through the acquisition of Patheon, which we were able to complete earlier than expected. With an excellent nine months behind us, we're well positioned to achieve our growth goals for the year. So let me start with a quick overview of our Q3 financial highlights. First, we delivered another quarter of strong adjusted EPS performance, achieving a 14% increase to $2.31 per share. Our revenue in Q3 also grew 14% year over year. Our adjusted operating income increased 13%. Before I turn to our end markets, I wanted to acknowledge the tremendous effort of our teams. The natural disasters during the past couple of months have been unprecedented, and our teams have managed through very effectively. I've been inspired by how our colleagues across the company have stepped in to offer their support in many different ways from both a humanitarian and an operational perspective. For us, the most significant impact was in Puerto Rico. About 700 colleagues and their families are located on the island, and we were relieved to learn that they were all safe. Even with tough challenges at home, it was humbling to see colleagues return to work focused on doing everything they could to meet customer requirements. It reinforced our culture of intensity and involvement, which is the foundation for how we work every day, but really stands out in times like these. Our legacy Patheon site in Manati, Puerto Rico is the only one still experiencing disruption, but we're making steady progress in getting the facility back to full operation. Now let me provide you some color on our Q3 performance relative to our key end markets. Starting with pharma and biotech, we grew in the mid-single digits in Q3. Our chromatography and mass spectrometry and biosciences businesses performed well. We also had strong growth in our research and safety market channel. Our value proposition for these customers remain a key competitive advantage for us, and we continue to build on our leading position. Diagnostics and healthcare grew in the low single digits, in line with what we've been seeing all year, with good growth in our transplant and immunodiagnostic businesses. In academic and government, we were pleased to report mid-single-digit growth, driven by strong performance in Europe and China. Last, in industrial and applied, we continued to benefit from increasing global demand and grew here in the mid-single digits. We saw particular strength across our analytical instrument businesses in Asia-Pacific. We also continue to make excellent progress in setting Thermo Fisher up for an even stronger future. As you know, the three elements of our growth strategy are: developing high-impact innovative new products; leveraging our scale in Asia-Pacific and emerging markets; and delivering a unique value proposition to our customers. I emphasize these each quarter because it illustrates our commitment to a consistent and well-defined strategy that continues to strengthen our competitive position. So with that, I'll get into our Q3 highlights, starting with innovation. First, we launched four new Thermo Scientific products at the Microscopy & Microanalysis meeting in early August to strengthen our leadership in electron microscopy. For material science applications, we launched two new scanning electron microscopes, the Quattro and the Talos F200i, to help scientists advance nanomaterials research. And for life sciences applications, we launched the Krios G3i and Glacios Cryo-EM systems to make the analysis of proteins and other biomolecular structures faster and easier. Our goal is to bring Cryo-EM to a broader range of scientists and raise the standards of performance and workflow automation. We were also very pleased to learn in early October that the three scientists who won the Nobel Prize in chemistry work with our Cryo-EM systems. As a result of their efforts, scientists can now routinely produce high-resolution 3D images of protein structures. These developments can lead to a better understanding of biological function and ultimately to new therapies. As you know, we gained these groundbreaking capabilities through our acquisition of FEI, which is part of our analytical instruments offering. We surpassed the one-year anniversary of this transaction in late September, and the teams are doing a great job with the integration. The business continues to perform extremely well, and we're on track to achieve our synergy targets. Another notable launch in our Analytical Instruments business was our new line of Thermo Scientific air-quality monitors, called the iQ Series. These new instruments are designed to help global customers in the power industry and government agencies more easily gather and manage critical air quality data. The iQ Series platform includes mobile applications for remote monitoring and control as well as wireless connectivity and enhanced services. I also want to quickly mention that our new mass spectrometry systems launched at ASMS [American Society for Mass Spectrometry] in June, including the Q Exactive HF-X and our new Altis and Quantis triple-quads, have been exceptionally well received. Our innovative mass spec platforms are really resonating with customers working in both research and applied markets. Last, I'll touch on a significant development in our Life Science Solutions business. Our Dynabead technology was integral to the first FDA-approved gene therapy, which will be used to treat a specific form of leukemia in children and young adults. These magnetic beads are able to isolate, activate, and amplify T-cells that have been genetically programmed to identify and fight cancer cells in individual patients. This groundbreaking innovation in gene therapy was a result of our longstanding collaboration with Novartis. It's another great example of our commitment to advance precision medicine by partnering with leaders in industry, government, and academia. Turning to our second key growth driver, Asia-Pacific and emerging markets, we continued our strong performance in the region in Q3. China again led the way with growth in the high teens, and we also had strong results in South Korea and India. In China, we continued to build on our leading presence with the opening of our Precision Medicine Customer Experience Center in Guangzhou in the quarter. The facility is an impressive showcase for our wide range of workflow solutions to advance research in genomics, proteomics, and metabolomics. And it also serves as a hub for customer training, collaboration, and application development. This milestone is a continuation of our strategic collaboration with the Guangzhou government. Earlier this year, we kicked off another collaboration with the Mab-Venture Pharmaceutical to jointly establish a new center to accelerate the development of biopharmaceuticals. Guangzhou is at the heart of healthcare innovation in China, and these are good examples of our in-China for-China strategy to introduce new capabilities geared specifically to local customers. Our third growth driver is our customer value proposition, and we continued to invest significantly to enhance our offering and strengthen our competitive position. As you know, in late August we closed our acquisition of Patheon, which was ahead of the timeline we communicated when we announced the transaction back in May. We welcomed 9,000 new colleagues to our team, and it was great to be at the Greenville, North Carolina site to participate in the day-one event. I've been at a number of the facilities. The operations are impressive, and the teams are energized to take the great business they've built to the next level as part of Thermo Fisher. We're only two months into the integration, but we're already more excited about the opportunities we have to become an even stronger partner for our pharma and biotech customers. As we communicated previously, we expect to realize total synergies of approximately $120 million by year three following the close. This would consist of approximately $90 million of cost synergies and about $30 million of adjusted operating income benefit from revenue-related synergies. It's early in the integration but we're off to a great start, and we look forward to updating you on our progress over time. So it was another active year for capital deployment. As you know, in addition to buying back our stock, we continued to strengthen our strategic position by completing a number of acquisitions, with Patheon being the largest this year. In terms of our short-term capital deployment priorities, they're twofold. First, with the close of the Patheon acquisition, we're already paying down debt. And second, the manner in which we financed the Patheon acquisition also gives us the capacity to continue to capitalize on M&A opportunities. Our pipeline is active, and we continue to evaluate new opportunities to create shareholder value. Let me now turn to our guidance for 2017. As you saw in our press release, we're raising both our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance for the full year. This reflects the addition of Patheon, the strength of our operational performance, and our ongoing commitment to delivering the benefits of a more favorable FX environment. Stephen will cover the details, but at a high level, we're raising our revenue guidance to a new range of $20.50 billion to $20.66 billion, which would now result in 12% to 13% growth over 2016. In terms of our adjusted EPS, we're raising our guidance to a new range of $9.29 to $9.38 for 2017, which also represents 12% to 13% growth year over year. Before I turn the call over to Stephen, let me summarize our key takeaways from Q3. We delivered another excellent quarter financially and operationally. We completed our acquisition of Patheon, and the integration is off to a strong start. We made terrific progress in the past nine months, and we're on track to deliver another excellent year. With that, I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. I'll take you through an overview of our third quarter results for the total company, and then I'll provide some color on our four business segments and wrap up with an updated 2017 guidance. Before I get into the details, let me remind you that our results now reflect the addition of the Patheon acquisition, which we closed on August 29. Patheon's results are now part of the Laboratory Products and Services segment. So with that, let me start with a high-level view of how the third quarter performed versus our expectations at the time of the last earnings call. As you saw in our press release, we delivered a very strong quarter with 5% organic growth in Q3, which was above the midpoint of our previous guidance range and was driven by strong operational execution. We were also able to deliver $0.11 more adjusted earnings per share in Q3 than we had assumed in the midpoint of our previous guidance. This was driven by four factors of roughly equal magnitude: the pull-through on the incremental organic growth; a more favorable foreign exchange environment; the timing of our discrete tax planning actions; and the contributions from Patheon. Now let me give you more color on the quarter, starting with our total company financial performance. As you saw in our press release, we grew adjusted EPS in Q3 by 14% to $2.31. GAAP EPS was $1.34, up 13% from Q3 last year. On the top line, our reported revenue grew 14% year over year. The components of our Q3 reported revenue included 5% organic growth, 8% growth from acquisitions, and a 1% tailwind from foreign exchange. Looking at our growth by geography in Q3, Europe grew in the mid-single digits. North America grew in the low single digits. Asia-Pacific grew in the low double digits, including high teens growth in China. And finally, rest of the world grew in the mid-single digits. Turning to our operational performance, Q3 adjusted operating income increased 13% and adjusted operating margin was 22.9%, which contracted 10 basis points from Q3 of last year. Patheon was 40 basis points dilutive to margins in the quarter and FX a further 10 basis points dilution. As a reminder, Patheon is a scale acquisition, with gross margins and adjusted operating income margins lower than the company average. So as we incorporate the results of Patheon into our financials over the first 12 months, it will have a dilutive impact to year-over-year margin expansion. The rest of the business saw good margin expansion, driven by our PPI Business System and volume leverage, partially offset by unfavorable business mix and strategic investments. Adjusted gross margin came in at 48.4% in Q3. This represents a contraction of 50 basis points from the prior year. The combination of Patheon and FX lowered gross margins by 100 basis points in the quarter. The rest of the business saw good gross margin expansion, driven by very strong contributions from our PPI Business System, partially offset by business mix. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 21.2% of revenue, which is 60 basis points favorable to Q3 2016. And R&D expense came in at 4.3% of revenue. R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue was 6.6%, up 50 basis points over Q3 2016. Looking at our results below the line. Net interest expense was $132 million, up $29 million from Q3 2016, mainly as a result of our incremental debt related to the capital deployment actions this year. Adjusted other income and expense was net income of $7 million within the quarter, which is $6 million favorable versus Q3 2016, driven primarily by non-operating FX gains. Our adjusted tax rate in Q3 was 11.8%, which is 130 basis points lower than last year, due to our tax planning activities and the impact of Patheon. The timing of discrete tax planning actions within Q3 and Q4 of 2017 is different versus our previous guidance. As a result, the Q3 tax rate is slightly lower than previously expected and the Q4 tax rate will be slightly higher, with no net impact expected on the year due to the shift in timing. And average diluted shares were 399.6 million, up 2.2 million year over year, due to the completion of the recent equity offering and option dilution, partially offset by previous share buybacks. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, cash flow from continuing operations for the first nine months of the year was $2.15 billion, and free cash flow was $1.85 billion after deducting net capital expenditures of $290 million. Free cash flow is $85 million higher than the same period of last year and includes approximately $200 million of one-time cash payments related to the Patheon acquisition. We ended the quarter with $745 million in cash and investments. And similar to previous quarters, we paid $60 million of dividends in Q3. Our total debt at the end of Q3 was $22 billion, up $5.2 billion sequentially from Q2, as a result of the financing related to the Patheon acquisition. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 4.4 times total debt to adjusted EBITDA on a reported basis and 4.1 times on a pro forma basis, which is in line with our expectations. And wrapping up my comments on our total company performance, our trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC was 9.8%, flat versus prior year. This represents approximately 100 basis points of operational improvement over Q3 2016, in line with our expectations. Now let me give you some color on the revenue and operational performance of our four business segments. Starting with the Life Sciences Solutions segment, reported revenue grew 5% and organic revenue increased 4% in Q3. Our Biosciences business delivered another strong quarter of growth. Q3 adjusted operating income in the segment increased 17%, and adjusted operating margin grew 320 basis points year over year to 32.8%. In the quarter, we saw very strong productivity, volume pull-through, and positive business mix, partially offset by strategic investments. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue increased 32% in Q3 and organic revenue growth was 11%. This segment includes our FEI electron microscopy product line, which is part of our materials science business. In the quarter, we had strong growth in our chromatography and mass spec and our materials science businesses. We also continued to see growth in our chemical analysis business. Q3 adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments grew 35% and adjusted operating margin was 21.6%, up 40 basis points year over year. In the quarter, adjusted operating margin benefited from our PPI Business System, volume pull-through, and acquisitions, partially offset by strategic investments and foreign exchange. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics segment, in Q3 revenue grew 6% and organic revenue growth was 4%. We saw good organic growth contributions from all of our businesses in the segment in Q3, with particularly strong growth in our immunodiagnostics and transplant diagnostics businesses. Adjusted operating income increased 2% in Q3 and adjusted operating margin was 25.9%, which represents a contraction of 90 basis points from Q3 of the prior year. Adjusted operating margin was positively affected by volume and productivity. However, this was more than offset by strategic investments and business mix. Finally in the Laboratory Products and Services segment, which now includes the Patheon acquisition, Q3 reported revenue increased 15%, and organic revenue growth was 3%. Our channel business once again delivered strong growth in the quarter. Adjusted operating income in this segment increased 1%, and adjusted operating margin was 12.6%, down 170 basis points from the prior year. Adjusted operating margin benefited from strong productivity and volume leverage. However, as expected, this was more than offset by the impact of unfavorable business mix, driven by our clinical trials business and by strategic investments. As a reminder, the clinical trials business was affected by the discontinuation of a large Phase 3 clinical trial in late 2016, and the impact will sunset by the end of Q4. With that, I'll now move on to our full-year 2017 guidance. As you saw in our press release, we are raising the revenue and adjusted earnings per share guidance. Let me walk you through the details, starting with revenue. The midpoint of our revenue guidance is increasing $780 million to reflect $670 million from Patheon, an $80 million improvement in foreign exchange, and a $25 million increase in organic revenue as a result of our operating performance in Q3. The full-year organic growth outlook is therefore $25 million higher than our previous guidance, but it did not change the ramp for the full year, so we still expect 4% organic growth for 2017. On adjusted earnings per share, we're increasing the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.12. This includes $0.05 impact from Patheon, $0.04 improved operational performance, and $0.03 from a less adverse FX environment. And finally, with three quarters of strong operational performance behind us, we're narrowing our revenue guidance range to $160 million and narrowing our adjusted earnings per share range to $0.09. As Mark mentioned, Hurricane Maria caused widespread damage to Puerto Rico last month, and our thoughts and prayers are with the people affected. We have three operational sites on the island. The largest, the legacy Patheon site, is still offline. We're working with our customers to get that site back online as soon as possible. We currently estimate the impact of the site being offline to be approximately $0.05 of adjusted earnings per share, and that is factored into the guidance I just outlined. So despite this headwind, we're still able to increase guidance at the midpoint by $0.12, which indicates that we're executing very well. To sum up the guidance changes, the increased 2017 revenue guidance is now a range of $20.5 billion to $20.66 billion, which would represent 12% to 13% growth versus 2016. We expect acquisitions to contribute just under 9% to our reported revenue growth in 2017, and FX is expected to be a year-over-year headwind of $10 million, a negligible impact on growth. In terms of adjusted earnings per share, our increased 2017 guidance is now a range of $9.29 to $9.38, with a midpoint of $9.335. This represents growth of 12% to 13% versus 2016. We now expect a headwind from foreign exchange of $0.12 for the year. Excluding the impact of FX, this would represent adjusted earnings per share growth of 14% to 15%. A few other details behind the revised 2017 guidance; as I mentioned earlier, Patheon's margin profile is lower than the average for the company, so it will be dilutive to the overall operating margins for the first 12 months. Our revised guidance now assumes that we will deliver 20 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion in 2017. Excluding Patheon, the revised guidance is 60 basis points expansion, which is slightly higher than our previous guidance. Net interest expense has increased $30 million from our previous guidance to $510 million as a result of the financing of the Patheon acquisition. And we're forecasting our adjusted income tax rate to be 13% for the year, which is a 30 basis points reduction from our previous guidance due to the positive impact of the Patheon acquisition. We've completed $750 million of share buybacks this year, all in the first half. And at this point, we do not expect any additional buybacks in 2017. We continue to assume we'll return approximately $240 million of capital to shareholders through dividends in 2017. Our guidance does not include any future acquisitions or divestitures, and full-year average diluted shares are now estimated to be 398 million, which is a 4 million increase from the previous guidance due to the completion of a recent equity offering. Q4 average diluted shares are estimated to be 404.5 million. We're assuming net capital expenditures to be approximately $500 million, no change from the previous guidance. And with respect to free cash flow, as I mentioned earlier, we've incurred approximately $200 million of one-time cash payments related to the Patheon acquisition. This is being offset by improved operational cash flow, including a small benefit from the Patheon business. So we continue to expect to generate about $3.15 billion of free cash flow for 2017. As always, in interpreting our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance ranges, you should focus on the midpoint as the most likely view of how we see results playing out. So in summary, we delivered three strong quarters of operational performance, flowed through the benefit of a more favorable FX environment, and executed really well on our capital deployment strategy. All of this keeps us well on track to deliver an excellent 2017. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thank you, Stephen. Operator, we're ready to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin, Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Derik.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So a couple of questions. So the 11% organic number in Analytical Instruments, what was the FEI contribution to that?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So, Derik, in terms of Analytical Instruments, we had very strong performance from our chromatography and mass spectrometry business. It's good to see chemical analysis also return to growth. FEI had strong double-digit growth in the quarter. Obviously, it was a partial quarter impact just given the anniversary, but obviously, electron microscopy also contributed to the strong growth.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And so staying on the Analytical Instruments side, and this is a question for both your industrial and your pharma customers, as we talk about increasing interest in tax reform in the U.S. and there's talking about immediate expensing of capital, are you seeing any potential hesitation in terms of people looking to spend in Q4? The question on the budget flushing, thinking about if people think tax reform is coming, would they push instrumentation spending off into next year?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: If I think about what's happened in industrial and applied end markets, we saw real strength in Asia-Pacific. The U.S. has been pretty consistent. Customers really haven't talked much about sitting on the sidelines because of potential tax regulations. So I think the U.S. has not been strong with industrial. It's been slowly recovering. So I don't think we're expecting a big factor one way or the other from U.S. tax policy on demand.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, and I'll get back in the queue.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thank you, Derik.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Derik.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, thanks, great quarter. Marc, I want to maybe follow up on that questioning on FEI. I'm curious how much of the growth is coming on the semi side versus Cryo-EM uptake. And then with the new systems, is this reflecting some strong early interest on the pharma side? It seems like the new platforms are geared toward drug development.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So, Tycho, thanks for the question. When I think about how the FEI business has performed, given that it's just past the one-year anniversary, it's a good time to reflect on what's happened. I think at the highest level, the business has benefited tremendously from our integration approach, right? Our PPI Business System has helped them expand capacity. And our business management system, part of PPI, ruthless prioritization on the most important things has allowed both the materials sciences businesses and the life sciences businesses to really significantly accelerate growth over anything the business has delivered over the last number of years, and the team has done a fabulous job of executing. When I think about the two end markets, materials sciences is in a strong part of the cycle. That's both industrial and semiconductor customers. Semiconductor has been very strong, but we've also seen a nice acceleration in our life sciences customers as well as strong bookings growth as well. So the businesses are performing well across all fronts. The new products are geared towards both the nano material research on the materials science side. And on the life sciences side, we are getting some level of interest from biotech and pharma customers, although it's still a bit early, but the feedback has been positive. When you summarize the whole story on FEI, I think the way I would characterize it, performance has been so strong that relative to the underwriting case that we talked about when we announced the deal on the call a little over a year ago, we're going to meet our ROIC hurdle a full year earlier than what we articulated back then. So it's been a great acquisition, off to a great start, and we're going to fully capitalize on the opportunities ahead.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. And then a follow-up, I'm just curious on your comments on bioprocess. There's a fair amount of noise in that market now with biosimilars and some of the drug companies working down inventory at both the supplier and the manufacturer. You see both sides of it. I was just curious  your comments on the outlook for that market, I know it slowed a little bit last quarter. That was more timing on the supplier side, but I was curious how you see the outlook there.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So, Tycho, in terms of bioproduction, we had moderate growth, very similar to what we saw in Q2. We continue to see very strong early indicators that really showed up in the biosciences business for cell culture media and sera as well as in the smaller biotech demand for our clinical trials activity. So the early indicators, leading indicators are very strong, and conditions were similar to what we saw in Q2 with moderate growth.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Tycho.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Beuchaw of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning and thanks for the time here, everyone. First question is actually on the fourth quarter, the implied fourth quarter expectations. It would be really helpful if you could try to frame up for us, quantify for us what you think the bottom line impact in the fourth quarter would be from Patheon specifically and from any lingering impacts from the situation in Puerto Rico or the natural disasters, more specifically top/bottom line. Whatever you have on hand would be very, very helpful. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So I'll do a little bit of it and then Stephen will give maybe a more comprehensive view. In terms of the fourth quarter, other than bringing our Manati, Puerto Rico site back online, we're not expecting really any impact from weather. So what you would see from that in the fourth quarter is embedded in our guidance of about a $0.05 headwind, probably a little bit we got at the end of the third quarter, but a $0.05 headwind in Manati based on just getting the operation back online. And, Stephen, you might want to discuss some puts and takes.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes, so just some additional color. So the $675 million of revenue for Patheon that we've added to guidance, $190 million of that was recognized in Q3. And then in terms of Q4 for the net accretion, including the impact of the Puerto Rico issue for that site, it's still $0.02 additional accretion in that $0.12 change that I gave you at the midpoint.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, got it. I really appreciate that. And then, Marc, it's always really helpful to hear how you're thinking about a couple of things going forward. I think one is it's very helpful to hear how you think what the critical factors outside the company's control are with regard to where the trajectory of the business is within the 4-to-6 framework. And then maybe a subcategory of that framework is always the NIH, not necessarily budgets but more disbursements, and then I'll get back in queue. Thanks so much.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks for the question. So the company is performing extremely well. When I think about the quarter, 5% organic growth. When I think about the end markets, we saw improved performance and really strong execution, both academic and government and industrial, applied, very, very positive. When I think about the outlook for Q4, basically we've raised our outlook for organic growth based on the Q3 performance. We've maintained for the fourth quarter the same level of organic growth that we assumed back in July. And the reason we did that is there's always a range of outcomes on what year-end spend is, and we're obviously going to drive to the highest possible number. So I think in the fourth quarter, the things we look at is where does FX rates finally settling at, and ultimately what's the level of year-end spend. And as you look back over many years past, we'll do a good job of capitalizing on all the market opportunities out there and creating some new ones as well.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks so much.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: You're welcome.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question is from Doug Schenkel of Cowen. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: You increased full-year organic growth revenue expectations by $25 million. This is about the magnitude of the Q3 beat. It seems like you have stronger than expected FEI momentum. AI grew I think around 6% the last six months with no signs of slowing momentum. And Specialty Diagnostics growth is actually improving to levels that we haven't seen in a little while, just to name a few observations. Your guidance doesn't seem to reflect a continuation of improving momentum. Could you just speak to why that might be? And then I guess relatedly, is some of this weather, and would you be willing to quantify specifically what you believe the impact of weather was in the third quarter?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So, Doug, in terms of the fourth quarter, a couple points, the first of which is we were very comfortable banking everything we delivered versus our expectations organically in Q3 and then subsequently raising the guidance. We chose to keep the Q4 number the same as it is because, as you know, it's the one with the widest level of variation based on year-end spend, and we've assumed year-end spend to be exactly the same level as last year. So we believe that the range of outcomes has the possibility for better performance. So I think that's one way to think about it. I think the other way is, just when you go through the numbers, we have a more challenging comparison in our electron microscopy business in the fourth quarter. So it will be above the company average and we're very confident of that, but the contribution might be a little bit smaller in Q4 than what we saw in Q3.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: And the...
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Are you talking about weather?
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: The weather impact.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Weather here just in terms of customer demand in Q3 was probably about 0.5 point of impact.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And the expectation is some of that lingers into Q4.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Not a material amount.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, and just one more follow-up. I know Tycho asked the earlier question on bioproduction. I apologize if I missed it in his answer, but when do you expect that to pick up a little bit more with the bioproduction revenue trend? And specifically on destocking, which is what we've heard from a few of your peers, have you seen any impact from destocking in that part of your business?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Probably from our company perspective, it's better to give the pharma and biotech as an end market. And when I look at that, obviously, solid mid-single-digit growth in the quarter, real strength in the research applications. Bioproduction had moderate growth. It was a little bit slower, but still a good contributor. We saw some of our customers managing their inventory. Really with the advent of biosimilars becoming more important, I think customers are just managing inventory in a more prudent fashion. But the pipeline of new molecules is quite promising, and it will take some time to ramp up. So we're very, very bullish on the long-term prospects of bioproduction. We're very bullish on our competitive position across pharma and biotech, and it continues to be a great end market for us.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you for all that. Have a good day.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Your next question is from Dan Arias of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, good morning, guys. Thanks, maybe just two on FEI. Stephen, on the top line, I'm just curious how much of the organic growth that you're seeing is actually falling through versus being reinvested. And then along those lines, we're coming into year-one accretion that's more like $0.40 than $0.30. And so is that right? I'm just wondering maybe if you have a view on year-two accretion or synergies given where the performance is.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Sorry, can you just clarify the first question? I didn't get it, sorry.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I'm just trying to understand how much within that business you're actually letting through to the bottom line. And then on accretion, for the year-one target that you had of $0.30, we're looking at more like $0.40. I'm just looking to see if that was right.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes, so we're appropriately investing in that business for the long term. And you see that, the results of that in the new products that have being introduced this quarter. But we're also printing very good EPS from the high growth that we're seeing this year. As you look at the first 12 months of this acquisition, as you said, we outlined $0.30 back at the beginning of the deal, and I think the actual number was $0.43, so very strong contribution from the acquisitions. And a significant amount of that was basically the base business revenue being higher. The synergies are running a little bit ahead. Probably $0.01  about $0.02 of that beat was synergy-related. The rest was really from the base revenue.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then Marc had highlighted the new products that you've launched there recently. So I guess as we think about the gross margins for the AI business, I'm just curious whether you think that segment can benefit from an improving profile there. Prior to the deal, those guys had emphasized better gross margins on the newer instruments that were being launched. So I'm just curious if you think that's something that's meaningful at all going forward.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes, I think you'll continue to see gross margins expand, and certainly in the electron microscopy business just given the mix over time. The life sciences business a number of years ago was a lower-margin business for legacy FEI. And through our PPI Business System as well as our commitment to innovation, those products are increasing their margins. The materials science applications are, of course, still higher margins. They're a more fully established set of products. So mix matters within the business, but in the underlying pieces, margins are expanding in both.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: And just one other factor, the life sciences side of the businesses, the service stream for that is really ramping up. And that's slightly  that delays from the ramp-up in the instrument placements. So that will also help gross margins as we go out the next couple of years.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Super. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jack Meehan of Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Jack.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I have two biopharma questions. So I wanted to start with Patheon. So now that you've owned the acquisition for about two months, just talk about conviction in the revenue synergy's long-term trajectory there. And near term, if I think about the implied fourth quarter from Stephen's guidance, I think it's down a little bit year over year, maybe just how you think that turns going into 2018.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: In terms of the fourth quarter guidance, we're actually quite bullish on what the outlook is for the business. The end markets actually look good. So it is obviously  roughly around the 4% range would be what's implied based on the July guidance. And as we've talked, there's obviously a range of outcomes, with a good year-end finish could drive that higher. So that's the way to think about it.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: But one additional factor is, Jack, is that we have deferred revenue accounting adjustments at the beginning of the transaction, and it's fairly sizable for this deal. It's about $20 million of impact on revenue and profitability in Q4 for the Patheon transaction.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So we feel good about Q4. From that perspective, everything looks strong and solid. So I don't think there's much there. In terms of going into 2018, looking at the end markets, we'll obviously give the more holistic view for the year when we get on to the January call. But based on what's going on in Washington, we're expecting a budget to get into place with NIH growth towards the end of this year, which would set up as a positive for next year. Obviously, in industrial and applied, at the beginning of this year we're talking about a recovery, and obviously we're seeing good growth there. And pharma and biotech has been solid throughout the year. So at least as we see the world right now, we're entering 2018 with a lot of really good things going on. So I feel good about how the team is executing.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great, that makes sense. And then I just wanted to nitpick the trends in Lab Products and Services a little bit, sequentially 3% growth, but a little bit softer. I think your overlapped the clinical trial logistics in the fourth quarter, but maybe just talk about the trends there and what we should think about comp-wise in 4Q.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So sequentially, really the impact is weather. It was fairly concentrated in that segment, so it was about a percentage of growth for the segment. That's really the sequential change. And then the clinical trial, we will sunset that by the end of Q4. There's still some run-over revenue that were lapping in Q4. We'd probably be done with that by the end of the year.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, Stephen.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Patrick Donnelly of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks, maybe one for Marc. Just on Patheon, I know it's early, but how are things compared to your expectations when it comes to utilization levels at the facilities? It feels like cost synergies are going to be driven more by improved efficiency there rather than facility consolidation. So I just wanted to hear your general thoughts now that you've had a chance to see them from the inside.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Patrick, great question. So I've had a chance to visit a number of the sites and meet with all the general managers of each of the sites and all the quality leaders. It's a really strong team. There's plenty of capacity to be leveraged, right? So what's exciting about the Patheon business is that it really is about driving operational efficiency and then leveraging our commercial reach to further fill up the plants. So incremental volumes really does flow through at an attractive rate. So driving the top line here is going to be a key driver, and our PPI Business System is going to help drive further benefits within the plants. Some of the cost synergies, obviously, is duplicative corporate costs and things of that sort. So you get those right away, and that flows quickly. And as we continue to drive volume growth, you'll see it flow through at an attractive rate. So it's early days but very, very encouraging, and we're looking forward to really leveraging our commercial infrastructure because the customer feedback has been great about the combination. So we're very bullish. It's early, but very bullish at this point.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then on industrial, I know in past quarters you talked about core industrial orders trending up a little bit in the U.S. and showing signs of life, and the hope was revenue would follow suit in the back half. Could you just talk about an update on the market there and how you feel?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes, so mid-single-digit growth in industrial, another quarter of growth in our chemical analysis business, really strong Analytical Instruments performance across chrome, mass spec, electron microscopy, environmental instruments, so good demand there. Asia-Pacific was very strong. The U.S. is growing but it's growing moderately. So that obviously still hasn't fully benefited from the recovery, but we're definitely seeing real strength in Asia. So pretty encouraging in terms of where industrial and applied is. And the applied markets continue to be very, very positive. And certainly, we saw that in our environmental instruments, and we just launched a new air monitor and that makes a difference for that marketplace as well. So really a much better part of the cycle than we've been reporting over the last couple of years.
Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Knight of Janney Montgomery. Your line is open.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Hi, Marc. Can you talk about NIH, what you're seeing there? And then the second question I have is Europe has been better. Why do you think Europe is better?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So, Paul, thanks for the question. So in terms of academic and government, it was really good to see mid-single-digit growth globally. That's a very strong quarter. North America was consistent with the last few quarters with modest growth, and we're expecting an NIH budget to show an increase of $1 billion to $2 billion ultimately, and that should continue momentum into 2018 as well. So generally, conditions here in the U.S. are stable and growing modestly. Europe was very good, right? So we saw that across a variety of our instrument offerings. In particular, Germany was releasing funds, which was good, but we saw broad-based demand from a number of countries. So I think getting back to a more stable, growing European economy, you're seeing governments invest in academic and research, and that was a real positive in the quarter. And it was great to translate it into our whole business, which grew mid-single digits in Europe. So it's very encouraging.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: And then lastly, FEI, obviously a good quarter. How do you view that business in terms of predictability? It still has semiconductor exposure. Is there backlog, is there orders? What's your visibility on FEI going forward?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So orders grew strongly in the quarter. We have a very strong backlog and good visibility for the business. The life sciences business, you can think of it as a rapidly growing business, and therefore it's not really subject to the economic cycles as much. The materials science business does have a cyclical nature to it. It's in a really very positive part of the cycle. And as we read, certainly for the next quarter, that's very strong. The next year's comparison will be more challenging just given how strong the growth was this year, but we're very positive on the outlook for the electron microscopy business.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Most of them have been asked already. Just one question for you, Marc, on your AI business on LC and mass spec. I'm just wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on what you see going on there as it relates to the strength you're seeing. Is it your new products? Is it underlying market growth? Is it potential share gains in some of those markets? Just any more color there would be helpful.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: When I look at the chrome and mass spec growth that we've delivered for a number of quarters relative to what we can see from the external market, we've been gaining share, meaning we're growing faster than the others that are reporting the numbers. And as you recall, when you look at the growth, up until the last quarter or two, the chemical analysis business, which is not a mass spec business, had been declining. So when you looked at the segment, it looked like moderate growth, but underlying that was strong mass spectrometry growth. The reasons for that I think are twofold. One of the things is, as you advance technologies, it opens up new desire for the leading researchers to buy the products. So we continue to innovate, and therefore the funding cycle actually follows that innovation. So as long as the industry is bringing out relevant new products, these best researchers get the money. So the funding environment has been good. And ASMS was a great conference for us this year back in June, and it's rare that I highlight the quarter after product launches how well received they are, but our two triple-quads and our new Q Exactive really are off to a fantastic start. So it's a good market and really solid execution for share gain has been what's driving that.
Stephen Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay, thanks very much.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Catherine Schulte of Baird. Your line is open.
Catherine Ramsey Schulte - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for the questions.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning.
Catherine Ramsey Schulte - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I was just thinking into the Analytical Instruments growth a little bit more. I'm wondering if you could walk it through by either end market or geography. I'm just trying to get a better sense of what was unique in this quarter to get to that 11% number.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: I think probably it's more the macro of chemical analysis growing versus being a headwind because they had been shirking for several years. It's been a couple quarters of growth. So that really makes a big difference. Even though it's moderate growth, it really does matter because chrome and mass spec has done well. And then we got some benefit from electron microscopy, which had a very strong quarter. So that combination really was the big driver. In terms of geography, the one area I would call out as being just very strong was Asia-Pacific. It was very good across all segments for our Analytical Instruments markets.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: And just as a reminder, the electron microscopy is currently showing up in industrial and applied and academic and government, where the concentration of revenue is.
Catherine Ramsey Schulte - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then just quickly on companion diagnostics, you have a number of FDA approvals under your belt and now starting to get some reimbursement. How big of a business do you think that could be in 2018?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: When I think about the programs in companion diagnostics, we are getting our lab partners up and running on our Oncomine Target DX companion diagnostic. LabCorp was up and running; more will get online. So that business will build throughout the fourth quarter and into 2018. As you know, the entire next-gen sequencing business is less than 2% of our total revenue. So it's not a huge business, but certainly the oncology portion is encouraging in terms of the actions going there.
Catherine Ramsey Schulte - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great, thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Operator, we're going to take just one more.
Operator: Your final question comes from Derik de Bruin of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, my questions have been answered.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Great, Derik, thanks. So let me wrap it up. First of all, when I think about where we are at this point in the year, we're really in a great position to finish the year strongly, and I look forward to reporting a successful 2017 in January. Of course, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.
Analysts: Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Stephen Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Joel Kaufman - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC Catherine Ramsey Schulte - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2017 second quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts & Presentations until August 4, 2017. A copy of the press release of our second quarter 2017 earnings and future expectations is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Results. So, before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 1, 2017 under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and also available in the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also, during this call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our second quarter 2017 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our Q2 call. I'm pleased to report that we had another excellent quarter. Our team executed very well to deliver great financial performance. We made terrific progress in advancing our growth strategy, launching new high-impact products, and achieving strong results in emerging markets. And we continued to effectively deploy our capital, announcing our acquisition of Patheon, which will further strengthen our customer value proposition. Our performance in Q2 contributed to a strong first half, and we're right on track to deliver another great year. I'll cover these highlights in more detail during my remarks, starting with our financial results. First, we delivered another excellent quarter of adjusted EPS growth, with a 13% increase to $2.30 per share. As you know, we have a long track record of consistently delivering strong EPS performance, and we continued that trend in Q2. Our revenue in Q2 grew 10% year over year. Our adjusted operating income increased 13%, and we expanded our adjusted operating margin by 50 basis points to 23.3%. Our margin expansion reflects the continuous impact of our PPI [Practical Process Improvement] Business System, which is our foundation for operational discipline across the company. PPI creates competitive advantage for Thermo Fisher Scientific by increasing productivity and quality, which ultimately results in stronger customer allegiance. Our PPI Business System is a key driver of profitable growth and is a great playbook for optimizing our existing businesses as well as integrating acquisitions. To summarize the financial results, we achieved another great quarter that led to a strong first half, which puts us where we need to be at the midpoint of the year. Let me give you some color on our performance relative to our end markets. They played out as we expected and in line with our full-year guidance. Pharma and biotech continued to be our strongest end market, with growth in the mid-single digits in Q2. We continue to leverage our unique value proposition with these customers and saw strong performance across our biosciences, chromatography and mass spectrometry businesses, as well as our research and safety market channel. Turning to industrial and applied, we grew here at about the company average in Q2. Similar to last quarter, we saw good demand in our research and safety market channel from industrial customers. And we were encouraged to see a return to growth in our chemical analysis business in the quarter. Applied markets, particularly environmental and food safety, remained strong, as they have for quite some time. In our other two end markets, academic and government and diagnostics and healthcare, conditions were similar in Q2 to what we've been seeing for a number of quarters. We grew in the low single digits in both of these end markets. Now let me turn to some of our many business highlights we had in the quarter. As usual, I'll put them in the framework of our growth strategy, which is centered on developing high-impact innovative new products, leveraging our scale in Asia-Pacific and emerging markets, and delivering our unique value proposition to our customers. So, starting with innovation, as you will recall, we began the year strong and we increased our momentum in Q2 with a number of significant developments. Let me give you a few examples from the quarter. First, the American Society for Mass Spectrometry is always a great opportunity for us to reinforce our leadership, and we proudly celebrated our 50th anniversary in mass spectrometry this year. The progress we continue to make was very evident at ASMS, and I'll mention a couple of the highlights. For life science researchers, we continued to build our leading Orbitrap platform, raising the bar in both accuracy and speed to accelerate results from proteomics. The newly launched Q Exactive HF-X system was designed to improve analysis of complex biological samples in translational research and biopharma applications. For customers in applied markets, we launched two new Triple Stage Quadrupole systems that improve quantitative workflows in clinical research and forensic toxicology. For example, in our genetic analysis business, we introduced the new SeqStudio Genetic Analyzer. This is a simple to operate, affordable, and cloud-enabled system for customers working in low or mid-throughput genetic laboratories. This launch builds on our leading position across the genetic analysis workflow. Turning to diagnostics, we're very pleased to receive clearance from the U.S. FDA for two important tests that give clinicians the information they need to make better decisions for their patients. First, in a significant development, we were granted pre-market approval for the first companion diagnostic test using next-gen sequencing to screen for non-small-cell lung cancer. Our Oncomine Dx Target Test can simultaneously evaluate 23 genes associated with this disease and identify patients who may be a match for certain treatments. We developed the test in partnership with Novartis and Pfizer, and the goal is to expand its use beyond lung cancer in the future. This is an important milestone in our companywide effort to advance precision medicine and is a great example of the unique capabilities we have to support this global initiative. We also received 510(k) clearance to expand the use of our B.R.A.H.M.S. PCT-sensitive KRYPTOR assay to aid in antibiotic therapy decision-making. What this means is that the assay can help doctors decide when to administer antibiotics to patients with lower respiratory tract infections, or when to safely discontinue antibiotics in those patients. As a specific biomarker for bacterial infection, our PCT test is an effective tool for addressing the challenge of antibiotic resistance. The second element of our growth strategy is to leverage our scale in APAC and emerging markets. The headline here is that we delivered another strong quarter, with both China and India delivering double-digit growth. It's clear that our scale is an important competitive advantage for us, particularly in these regions. We continue to increase our presence in emerging markets, and our teams are effectively leveraging those investments to drive growth. A good example from the quarter comes from the Middle East, where we strengthened our long-term relationship with the King Abdullah University of Science and Technology in Saudi Arabia, better known as KAUST. We participated in the opening of the KAUST Center of Excellence for Electron Microscopy, which is a technology we added through our acquisition of FEI. The KAUST collaboration is intended to accelerate research by bringing these highly sophisticated tools to local scientists and industries for applications ranging from nanoparticles to life sciences. I'll also add that our electron microscopy business had strong performance again in Q2. As we approach the anniversary of the FEI acquisition in late September, the integration continues to go very smoothly. We're running ahead of our year one accretion targets, and that's driven by the combination of strong growth and synergies. Longer term, we're on track to deliver our year three synergy targets, and we're beginning to tap the many opportunities we have with FEI to create tremendous value for our customers. That's a good transition to the third element of our growth strategy, which is our customer value proposition. Our agreement to acquire Patheon is the latest example of the significant investments we continue to make to enhance our offering for our customers. We're really excited about the new outsourcing services we'll gain from Patheon, which will allow us to provide comprehensive support for our biopharma customers, from drug development to clinical trials to commercial manufacturing. When I talk to these customers, the feedback has been very positive, and they're eager to explore new opportunities to expand our partnerships. Here's a quick update on the progress we're making as we work towards the close. The integration teams from both companies are well into the planning phase so we can hit the ground running at the time of close. I've been very impressed by the state-of-the-art facilities I've seen and the world-class team I've met during the integration process. We've begun to put financing in place and we're moving through the regulatory process. We're very confident in our ability to close by the end of the year, and look forward to officially welcoming our new Patheon colleagues to Thermo Fisher. Including Patheon, we will have deployed approximately $8.5 billion of capital in 2017. Our successful capital deployment strategy gives us the ability to create significant shareholder value through a combination of strategic M&A, stock buybacks, and dividends. Let me now turn to our guidance for 2017. As you saw in our press release, we're raising both our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance for the full year. Stephen will cover the detail. But at a high level, we're raising our revenue guidance to a new range of $19.71 billion to $19.89 billion, which will result in 8% to 9% growth over 2016. In terms of our adjusted EPS guidance, we're raising it to a new range of $9.15 to $9.28 for 2017, for 11% to 12% growth over 2016. Before I turn the call over to Stephen, let me summarize our key takeaways from Q2. We delivered an excellent quarter, which contributed to a strong first half. We're successfully executing our growth strategy to create long-term value for our customers and shareholders. We're right on track at the midpoint of the year, and that positions us to achieve an excellent 2017. With that, I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. I'll take you through an overview of our second quarter results for the total company, and then I'll provide some color on our four business segments and conclude with our updated 2017 guidance. Before I get into the details, let me start with a high-level view of how the second quarter played out versus our expectations at the time of the last earnings call. As you saw in our press release, we delivered 4% organic growth in Q2, and that was in line with our expectations for the quarter. FX came in about $50 million less of a headwind on revenue than we had expected, but was $0.01 more of a headwind on adjusted EPS due to transactional and non-operating FX losses in the quarter. However, despite the additional FX headwind on adjusted EPS, we were still able to finish $0.04 higher in Q2 than we had assumed at the midpoint of our previous guidance. This is due to excellent operational performance across the company, including strong volume and pull-through from our FEI electron microscopy business, so another quarter of very strong execution. Now let me give you more color on Q2. Starting with our total company financial performance, as you saw in our press release, we grew adjusted EPS in Q2 by 13%, to $2.30. GAAP EPS was $1.56, up 20% from Q2 last year. On the top line, our reported revenue grew 10% year over year. The components of our Q2 reported revenue included 4% organic growth, 8% growth from acquisitions, and a 1% headwind from foreign exchange. Looking at our growth by geography in Q2, North America grew about the company average and Europe grew in the low single digits. Asia-Pacific grew in the high single digits, including mid-teens growth in China, and rest of the world was flat this quarter. Turning to our operational performance, Q2 adjusted operating income increased 13% and adjusted operating margin was 23.3%, up 50 basis points from Q2 of last year. This 50 basis points of expansion was a result of good pull-through from our organic growth, driven by strong contributions from our PPI Business System and volume leverage. This was partially offset by unfavorable business mix, strategic investments, and foreign exchange. Adjusted gross margin came in at 48.3% in Q2. This represents a contraction of 30 basis points from the prior year, primarily driven by business mix and foreign exchange, partially offset by strong contributions from our PPI Business System. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 20.6% of revenue, which is 120 basis points favorable to Q2 2016, primarily driven by business mix and the impact of acquisitions. R&D expense came in at 4.4% of revenue, up 40 basis points versus Q2 last year. R&D as a percent of manufacturing revenue increased to 6.7%. This is 50 basis points higher than Q2 2016, primarily due to the impact of FEI's more significant R&D spend. Looking at our results below the line, net interest expense was $116 million, up $10 million from Q2 2016. Adjusted other income and expense was a net expense in the quarter of $7 million, which is $13 million unfavorable versus Q2 2016, which was driven primarily by changes in non-operating foreign exchange. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 13.1%, which is 40 basis points lower than last year and right in line with our expectations for the quarter. The average diluted shares were 393.3 million, down 3.4 million year over year, mainly as a result of share buybacks, partially offset by option dilution. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, cash flow from continuing operations for the first half of the year was $1.21 billion, and free cash flow was $1.03 billion after deducting net capital expenditures of $180 million. We ended the quarter with $615 million in cash and investments. During Q2, we completed $250 million of share buybacks and paid $60 million in dividends. Our total debt at the end of Q2 was $16.8 billion, down $300 million sequentially from Q1, and our leverage ratio at the end of quarter was 3.4 times total debt to adjusted EBITDA, down from 3.6 times at the end of Q1. And wrapping up comments on our total company performance, we continued to see good year-over-year improvement in ROIC, even net of the impact of recent acquisitions. Our trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC at the end of Q2 was 10%, up 20 basis points over Q2 2016. Now let me provide you some color on the performance of our four business segments. Starting with the Life Sciences Solutions segment, reported revenue and organic revenue both increased 3% in Q2. In the quarter, our biosciences business delivered particularly strong growth. Q2 adjusted operating income in the segment increased 15%, and adjusted operating margin was up 340 basis points year over year to 31.9%. In the quarter, we saw a very strong productivity and volume pull-through, partially offset by business mix, strategic investments, and the dilutive impact of acquisitions. In the Analytical Instruments segment, which includes our new FEI electron microscopy business, reported revenue increased 47% in Q2 and organic revenue growth was 6%. In the quarter, we had strong growth in chromatography and in the mass spec business. And it was encouraging to see the chemical analysis business return to positive growth, as Marc mentioned earlier. Q2 adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments grew 61%, and adjusted operating margin was 20%, up 170 basis points year over year. In the quarter, we continued to see a positive impact from the electron microscopy business as well as strong volume leverage and productivity. This was partially offset by FX and strategic investments. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics segment, in Q2 total revenue grew 1% and organic revenue growth was 2%. Our transplant diagnostics business delivered particularly strong growth in the quarter. Adjusted operating income decreased 1% in Q2 and adjusted operating margin was 27.3%, which represents a contraction of 60 basis points from Q2 of the prior year. Adjusted operating margin was positively impacted by good productivity, but this was more than offset by strategic investments and business mix. Finally, in the Lab Products and Services segment, Q2 reported revenue increased 4% and organic revenue growth was 5%. In the quarter, our channel business delivered particularly strong growth. Adjusted operating income in the segment decreased 5% and adjusted operating margin was 13.8%, down 130 basis points from the prior year. Adjusted operating margin benefited from both productivity and volume leverage. However, as expected, this was more than offset by the impact of the unfavorable business mix, driven by our biopharma services business, which was impacted by the discontinuation of a large Phase 3 clinical trial last year, as we mentioned last quarter. With that, I'll now move on to our full-year 2017 guidance. As you saw in our press release, we are raising our guidance. Let me walk you through the details, starting with revenue. We continue to expect to deliver 4% organic revenue growth for full-year 2017. The midpoint of our revenue guidance is increasing $190 million. Of that increase, $160 million reflects a less adverse foreign exchange environment, and $30 million reflects the improvement in the outlook from our FEI acquisition. In terms of adjusted earnings per share, there were two key changes to our guidance. First, we're increasing the midpoint of our guidance by $0.065 to reflect our strong Q2 operational performance and a less adverse FX environment for the year. And second, as you may have seen, we've started the process of securing permanent financing for the Patheon acquisition, and last week we completed a $3 billion European bond offering. For 2017, the interest on this new debt will equate to approximately $0.05 of adjusted earnings per share, and we factored this into our revised guidance. As is our usual practice, our guidance does not include any future acquisitions or divestitures, and therefore it does not include Patheon or any related future financing activities. And finally, with another quarter of great performance behind us, we're narrowing our revenue guidance range by $180 million and narrowing our adjusted earnings per share range by $0.13. Summing this all up, the increased 2017 revenue guidance is now a range of $19.71 billion to $19.89 billion, which would represent 8% to 9% growth versus 2016. We expect acquisitions to contribute just under 5% to our reported revenue growth in 2017, and foreign exchange is expected to be a headwind of $90 million or 0.5%, and as I mentioned previously, 4% organic growth. In terms of adjusted earnings per share, our increased 2017 guidance is now a range of $9.15 to $9.28, with a midpoint of $9.215. This represents growth of 11% to 12% versus 2016. We now expect a headwind from foreign exchange of $0.15 or just under 2%. That is $0.02 less of a headwind than our previous guidance. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, this would represent adjusted earnings per share growth of 12% to 14%. A few other details behind our revised 2017 guidance, we now expect 50 to 60 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion year over year compared to the 40 to 60 basis points in our previous guidance. Foreign exchange is now a 10 basis point headwind for the year compared to a net neutral in our previous guidance. However, this is being more than offset by the strong operational performance. We're expecting net interest expense to be about $480 million and other income and expense to be a net expense of $12 million. We continue to forecast our adjusted income tax rate to be 13.3% for the year. We've completed $750 million of share buybacks this year. And given the pending acquisition of Patheon, at this point we do not expect any additional buybacks in 2017. We continue to assume we'll return approximately $240 million of capital to shareholders through dividends in 2017, and full-year average diluted shares are estimated to be in the range of 393 million to 394 million, consistent with our previous guidance. We're assuming net capital expenditures to be approximately $500 million, no change from the previous guidance. And we continue to expect about $3.15 billion of free cash flow for full-year 2017. And finally, in terms of phasing, we're expecting organic growth to be relatively even over the remainder of the year. For adjusted earnings per share, we expect that it will be phased across the remaining six months of the year in a similar way to the same period in 2016. As always, in interpreting our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance ranges, you should focus on the midpoint as the most likely view of how we see results playing out. So in summary, we delivered another strong quarter in Q2, which positions us well at the halfway point to achieve our full-year 2017 financial goals. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Stephen. Dan, we're ready to open it up for questions.
Operator: Certainly. Our first question today comes from the line of Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Good morning, gentlemen.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Ross.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: So, Marc, the company has had a remarkable ability to identify assets before inflections in their business. Obviously, it happened with Life Tech, and now we're seeing it with FEI. I count the core growth there was north of 20%, so that business is seemingly on fire. I guess as we think about that, and then eventually Patheon rolling into the organic over time, what would it take, from an end market perspective, or what mix or shift of businesses would have to happen for organic growth not to ultimately accelerate from here? And I guess, as you look at the end markets as they trended over the balance of the quarter, what if anything should we keep in mind as an offset to this? Because it seems like, versus where we were several years ago, the business is poised to now be at the upper end of the peer group from a core growth perspective.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Ross, thanks for the question. I guess, a few thoughts. One is, the FEI acquisition is performing very well. The integration is an intensive effort, and the team really has not been distracted, so they're doing a good job of integrating the business, but they're also delivering good growth and good bookings. And that's a testament to the strength of the team and the proven integration processes we have, so that's obviously a positive. As I look towards the end markets just broadly in terms of growth, at a high level, we finished the first half up 4%. Each quarter was 4%. We maintained our guidance at 4% for the year. Obviously, we're going to strive to drive to the best possible performance. If I'd say what are the catalysts from here in terms of stronger momentum as you think about 2018 and beyond, or even second half and beyond, it's going to be, let's get a U.S. government budget in place for 2018. It was good to get the 2017 budget. It was good to see NIH funding increased. We'll continue to educate Congress, but I feel good about that process. So if we can get  skip a continuing resolution, get a budget in place, that would clearly continue some momentum in academic. And then, at least from our own perspective, we don't really wait for the end markets; it's the actions we take. So we have a lot of effort around product development that put us in a position to be in the higher ends of our growth targets. So that's how I would think about it, Ross, at a high level.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: And maybe just on the pharma end market, you gave a few points that were helpful. As you think about the pacing there and what we've seen in different sub-segments of that market, I know I think coming into the year, you guys had talked about growth rates consistent with what we've seen, or maybe they've been slightly better. But how are you thinking about the exit velocity of that business out of the quarter, or that segment, and then some of the moving parts there, in terms of how that's likely to trend?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So, Ross, let me give you a relatively comprehensive view on pharma and biotech. I know it's an area of interest. First is, pharma and biotech is our strongest end market. We performed very well in the quarter. We grew a couple points higher than the company average serving that market. In terms of what drove that growth, first, as I mentioned last quarter, our clinical trials business was impacted by the discontinuation of a large Phase 3 study, and that headwind will sunset in Q4. Bioproduction growth was a bit more muted this quarter, and you've seen that across the industry. The super important point to highlight is that our business is serving the research customers. Biosciences, chromatography and mass spectrometry, and the channel, they all grew incredibly strongly in the quarter. So it was another great quarter for us, and our value proposition continues to resonate very well with the customer base.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: That's helpful, thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, thanks. Marc, maybe I want to pick up on that last point on the Life Sciences Solutions. It was the slowest growth we've seen in a little while for that segment. Can you maybe just talk on your outlook there, and some of the comments you've previously made on bioprocess being a little bit softer?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Sure, Tycho, thanks for the question. So, when you look at Life Sciences Solutions, we had 7% growth in Q1, 3% growth in Q2, 5% average for the first half. I would focus on the 5% average. And when you look at  Easter played a little bit of an effect with a little bit of a benefit in Q1, obviously a little bit of a headwind in Q2. And when I look at the outlook for the business, it looks good. When you get into the details of why was growth a little bit slower, particularly in Q2, holding aside timing and those things, bioproduction was a little bit more in line with where the industry was growing in this particular quarter, and the biosciences business continues to do very well. So that's really the factors from Life Sciences Solutions.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then following up on the FEI question, how much of the inflection we're seeing now is on the Cryo-EM side versus the semi cycle picking up for that business?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So when you look at the performance of the Cryo-EM, that continues to go extremely well, with strong growth in revenue and strong growth in bookings. The material science business, which includes basically everything else, semiconductor and all the other applications for electron microscopy, clearly is continuing to be very strong. And you're seeing the benefit of a strong pipeline in semiconductor as well as good performance in material science applications elsewhere. So that business is performing at a very strong level.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, and then just last one on capital deployment. With the equity issuance component to the Patheon deal, it seems like the door is still open to attempt to do another acquisition in the near to intermediate term. Can you maybe just talk on your appetite and willingness to do another deal?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: From our perspective, our number one priority is to run the businesses that we have and run them very well. And we're excited about our portfolio, and we're looking forward to closing Patheon and successfully integrating that and creating value for our customers and our shareholders. We continue to have an active pipeline of smaller bolt-on transactions, and we'll continue to look at those transactions. And should the right ones make sense, you will continue to see us do a modest level of M&A from that perspective.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Tycho.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Derik.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. The Specialty Diagnostics businesses for the second quarter in a row has been a little bit below what we had calculated. And I think we're trying to fathom that, given that the patient visit data looks pretty decent from IMS and some of the other ones. Can you talk us through what's going on in the Specialty Diagnostics business? And is there something going on from a healthcare perspective? Are people worried about healthcare reform or something like that? Can you walk us through  are people not buying or worried about how many people are not buying instruments or things like that that is potentially slowing the market down?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Derik, it's a very good question, so let's delve into Specialty Diagnostics a little bit. It was low single-digit growth in the quarter, consistent with what we've seen over the last few quarters. The two businesses that had very strong growth were our biomarker business and our transplant diagnostic business, and every other business in that portfolio was stable and all grew modestly. So if you look at it from a product range perspective, two really strong growing businesses and then the rest of the portfolio stable and modest growth. When you look at geographically, really it was Europe that was not robust. North America is fine. And when you look at the activity, it seems that there are many bright spots in Europe, but it seems that healthcare was relatively modest from that perspective. So I wouldn't be reading too much into the ACA and PAMA and those things. That's not really been a big factor. We are taking a number of actions to strengthen the growth prospects of that business. Obviously, our Specialty Diagnostics business is incredibly profitable. It's been incredibly stable. It has great brand and customer allegiance, and it's all about taking low single-digit growth and making it faster. You probably saw that we introduced but did not launch yet our Cascadion mass spectrometer, and we will also introduce that at AACC [American Association of Clinical Chemistry]. That is intended for being launched sometime during the course of 2018, so it's not going to affect any revenue this year, but we want customers to get it into the budget cycle. So we're making progress but obviously, we were not planning to launch it this year anyway. But we're just working our way through that process, which should help growth over time as well.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, and then just one follow-up question. You called out in LPS that the channel business was quite strong. Considering that everyone is worried about Amazon in the world today, could you elaborate on how strong the channel business was and just give us a little bit more detail?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: The channel was very strong in the U.S. It was very strong in Europe. It was very strong in biotech and pharma, and it was very strong in industrial. There were no weak spots in the channel business. The team is doing a great job. And we take Amazon very seriously and we always have, and it's our job to manage through that. We're making big investments in our e-commerce capabilities, big investments in supply chain, the great personnel we have working in customer labs every day that really handles the hazardous goods or refrigerated materials. And the customer allegiance we have in the channel is fantastic. So that's how I would characterize it.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you very much. I'll get back in the queue.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, guys, and thank you for taking my questions. I just want to go back to Life Sciences Solutions for a minute. You talked a bit about bioprocessing growth coming back to the industry average. Is that just a function of the inherent lumpiness of that business, or is there something different going on fundamentally than maybe a quarter or two ago? And also within Life Sciences Solutions, I believe this is the first quarter where Affymetrix is fully in organic growth. I'm curious how integration is going there and if Affy was actually dilutive to Life Sciences Solutions organic growth in the quarter.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Doug, thanks for the question. So yes, bioproduction is definitely a lumpy business, and the long-term prospect for bioproduction is fantastic. When you think about the demand for biologics, biosimilars, vaccines in the pipeline, we are very bullish. One of the leading indicators we have is our biosciences business serves the research customer base with those technologies, especially media and sera, and that business is incredibly robust, so the activity level is very strong. So nothing is changing on the long-term outlook. There's some lumpiness. In Q2, while it grew reasonably, it was softer than the very torrid growth that we had the last few quarters, and we would expect that growth will pick up over time there. So that's our view on bioproduction. On the microarray business, really good news, we've always been transparent with everything, and we started out slower after the acquisition of that business. We had good growth in the microarray business. We had good growth in the e-biosciences business. Synergies have been very strong. And when you look at the full-year accretion in 2017, I am really excited that the team has put us right back on track for achieving the deal model goals for 2017 after starting off a little bit soft. This team has done a great job, so very good growth in microarrays in the quarter.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you for that. Pivoting to Europe, I think you guys grew low single digits in Europe. That's a bit lower than the growth rate we've seen from you over the past couple of quarters. Some of your peers have actually talked a bit about higher growth in Europe. Could you just talk about how Europe is going by end market and what's factored into guidance in terms of your expectations for the rest of the year?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: I think Europe  when I look at performance in Europe, Easter is obviously going to be the big swing factor. I just did a review with the team, our European leadership yesterday, and they feel good. So Q1 was strong. Q2 was more modest growth, and then that's really the shift of where the holiday was. And when they look at their outlook for the balance of the year, it's right in line with growth that should be for the full year just below the company average.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Which is what we had guided to originally.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So I don't see Europe as a major story. If you go down to the end markets, I would say that the diagnostic business across is a little bit softer than we originally would have expected, and the rest of the segments are a little bit stronger would be the take.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, one last one, I just want to make sure. I think this is the case, but I just want to make sure that you still are assuming mid-single-digit to high single-digit biopharmaceutical end market growth in your full-year guidance.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes, so the last few years, we've started out our guidance for biopharma end market being mid-single to high single-digit growth, and that continues to be our outlook for this year, so no change. And when you look at the first half, we're right in the middle of that range at this point.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, that's great, thank you again.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, good morning. I wanted to dig a little bit more into the analytical instrument performance, another good organic there. Can you talk about the trends throughout the quarter? Good to hear about chemical analysis, but just how things trended and the outlook there for the rest of the year.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, the Analytical Instruments business, it's a really positive story. And if you think about for a lot of quarters, like many, we've talked about how strong the chrome and mass spec business was and that it was offsetting weakness in chemical analysis. The chrome mass spec business was very strong in the quarter, and it was particularly strong serving the biotech and pharmaceutical customers. So that business is really humming. And chemical analysis returned to growth, which is great. And we saw both our long-cycle and short-cycle revenue to the industrial customer base pick up, and bookings continue to be positive, so that's good.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: And, Jack, this is Stephen. Just to add on the chemical analysis side, we've been seeing that trend for a while in terms of the bookings coming. And it's good to see that both the short-cycle and long-cycle aspect of that business picking up and delivered positive organic growth in Q2.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: And then obviously in the fourth quarter, the last week of September and the fourth quarter, the electron microscopy business will become part of the organic growth calculation for those businesses as well. So the Analytical Instruments team is doing a really good job, and the results demonstrate that.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great, that's helpful, and then one for Stephen. I think it's a similar question I asked last quarter. Just the margins in LPS, could you elaborate a little bit more there? Is it just the biopharma services contract you talked about, or are there any other mix changes in the channel?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: It's really the drivers are the clinical trials business, the biopharma services, the same drivers as last quarter in terms of the pressure there, and that will sunset by Q4.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Outside of that, would margins have been up in the quarter in that segment?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes, marginally yes. It's not as if we'll see significant margin expansion over time. But yes, that's correct.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Evans with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Marc, on the large clinical trial cancellation, if that had not occurred, would you be calling out, say, something more like mid to high single-digit growth this quarter in the pharma end market? Is it big enough to skew things that much?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes, it would have been high single-digit growth, right around that range, yes.
Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Would it have been high single-digit growth without that cancellation?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes.
Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then just on the EPS bridge, I want to make sure that we have that on the guidance. So it's going up $0.065 at the midpoint. It sounds like that's absorbing $0.05 of interest, and then you've got $0.02 FX. So basically we're talking  is that right?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Let me just clarify. The $0.065 includes the FX piece, so it's operational performance in Q2 plus the change in FX for the year, and my guidance is $0.02. That gets you the $0.065 increase, and that's offset by $0.05 dilution from the interest cost on the European bond offering.
Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Other than that, the midpoint is $0.015.
Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: That's great. Thank you, okay.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Tim.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Stephen Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking my questions.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Just I was wondering if you could comment a bit more on what you're seeing in the academic end market. I believe, and I might have missed some of it, you commented that it was a little bit weaker this quarter. I'm just trying to see what you saw both, I guess, from academic and government, both in the U.S. and in Europe, and what your expectations are over the rest of the year?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Actually, academic and government, while still low single digit, wasn't weaker. It actually was slightly better than Q1. And, when you look at it, actually North America was a bit better. So I think the fact that you got a 2017 budget, it showed the increase in NIH, that's starting to flow into the results. Geographically, China was good as well, and Europe was a little bit softer, and it's probably mostly timing between Q1 and Q2.
Stephen Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay, and then just one follow-up question for Stephen. Within the guidance bridge that you were talking about there, the operational performance, can you describe or quantify how much of that is stronger growth from FEI versus the underlying base business?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: It's approximately $0.03 more from FEI and $0.015 from the base business.
Stephen Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Great, thank you.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Arias with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Thanks. Marc or Stephen, to your points on chemical analysis, does that feel like that business should stay positive in the back half of the year, just given the way bookings are shaping up?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: We don't forecast by each of our businesses, especially at that level. But clearly, the trends are positive and I think that's a reasonable assumption you're making.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, thanks. And maybe just on China, curious if you're willing to parse out the growth that you're seeing, or you're expecting this year. If we just look at life sciences, the life sciences piece versus the applied industrial business. Just be helpful to understand the relative contributions there on the two sides of the equation.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So we had mid-teens growth in China. We had strong bookings. The outlook is good for the full year, that's been trends continued. Clearly, our customers value our scale and the experience that we create because of that scale. In terms of more color, I would say generally, the business across pharma and biotech, life science research, those typically is pretty strong. Industrial is recovering and growing. Applied is very strong there, as is healthcare and diagnostics. So it's fairly broad-based, right, in terms of what the growth is in China.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And just finishing, on your comment on the outlook, is a double-digit growth rate for the year assumed in guidance for China?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yes, our guidance assumes basically double-digit growth for China.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: As you know, it's our fastest growing market. It has been and it's a market we think the outlook is very strong.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: I think the bookings profile is very positive.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you, okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joel Kaufman - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks, it's actually Joel in for Isaac.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Hi, Joel.
Joel Kaufman - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Just touching back on the FEI question, maybe just focusing in on the Cryo-EM opportunity, could you maybe comment on whether, just given the underlying academic funding environment, if there's been wallet share dynamics with other technologies in the lab, that you've been gaining some share from, that contributed to the growth in the first half of the year?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: I think that, from my interactions with customers around Cryo-EM, and there's been a number  wow, what an amazing technology. The enthusiasm across the customer base is huge, and it's making them rethink other large investment areas that might have traditionally gotten that funding. So, I have not heard funding. In all of the discussions, funding has not come up as an issue, meaning that this is profound enough that customers will go out and get the money. And in those areas where there's lots and lots of funding, that's one way. And if there are other areas where funding is more muted, they're probably taking it from other technologies, and likely from technologies that we don't provide, so we're not cannibalizing ourselves.
Joel Kaufman - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thanks, and then just maybe one on the P&L. Looks like there's been a little bit of an uptick in R&D expense in the first half of the year. Just how should we be thinking about that line item throughout the remainder of 2017?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So in terms of the R&D, the driver of the change as a percentage really is the inclusion of FEI. It has a higher than average across the company spend in R&D. We're continuing to invest in that business, so that dynamic will play out in Q3, and then it will be in the comps in Q4 overall. Actually, among Q3 for FEI, just as a reminder, that we have the stub period, which was a very profitable stub period in Q3 last year, and that will be it in our comps in terms of margin expansion as you look at the second half of the year for the company as a whole, so it has a little bit of a drag on Q3 margins.
Joel Kaufman - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thanks.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Joel.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Knight with Janney Montgomery. Please go ahead.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Hi, Marc. Could you talk about FEI? Was the growth there a component of the semiconductor cycle, just the level of  the breakout of that growth would be helpful? Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Sure. So, Paul, when you look at the FEI business, the growth was very, very robust in the life science applications, in the semiconductor applications, and we had good growth in the remaining material science applications. So the business would have delivered strong growth even if semiconductor was more muted, but semiconductor was very strong and bookings were very strong. So that's very positive in terms of how the business is performing.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: And then regarding China, do you think  do you see budget cycles or with a five-year plan now in place, is it a consistent rollout this year?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: It's been very good now for quite a number of quarters. Since the beginning of 2015, we've had very strong growth every quarter in China, and the outlook continues to be quite good. We're very aligned with the five-year plan. As you know, China has a big focus on environmental protection, a big focus on food safety, and certainly around expanding the healthcare market, as well their healthcare capabilities. So we're seeing broad-based growth, and we would expect China to continue to be our fastest growing end market.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, good morning, just a couple housekeeping questions we're seeing. On Patheon, number one, would you care to update us on what you view as the anticipated accretion in year one now that the debt financing is in place? Number two, what are the next steps or exact approval milestones needed before closing? And thirdly, can you just explain the rationale of keeping the interest expense in the core EPS number rather than backing it out before the close?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So I'll do part of it and Stephen will do part of it. I'll do the path to close, and Stephen will do the two financial questions. In terms of the path to close, we obviously got our U.S. clearance quickly. The European Union accepted the filing, which means that they start the regulatory process, which will go on during the course of the summer. And then the last of the regulatory filings, which has a more variable range on when it will wrap up, is Brazil, which we're working through. And then we need to have the shareholder vote and the tender process, which we're working through as well. So we feel very confident that the transaction will close before the end of the year or by the end of the year, and we're just working to work that through as expeditiously as possible.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: And in terms of the financing, obviously we're working to ensure that we've got the permanent financing in place for the timing of the deal close, whenever that may happen. You saw the first part of that being executed last week, which was the European bond offering that we did, so that was $3 billion of a debt raise, so that's just the first element. We've got additional debt to raise and we've got an equity element as well. And we continue to work the rest of those elements, and those details will be public as we execute those. In terms of the guidance, so we actually completed the European bond offering, so it's a known event. So I included it in the guidance for the full year. So that's a consistent approach in the way that we have approached pending acquisitions in the past. So we're treating Patheon and its related financing in that consistent way. So as things will crystallize, I put them into the guidance.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Pretty good, thank you.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Brandon.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Dan, we have time for just one more.
Operator: And our final question will come from the line of Catherine Schulte with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Catherine Ramsey Schulte - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi, thanks for the questions. You mentioned getting a U.S. budget in place would be a positive. What kind of size of NIH funding increase would you need to see to consider it a good enough outcome?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: I was with members of Congress fairly recently. I think the strong support for continued funding of NIH and continued growth in funding, and we'll continue to educate the importance of that. Things like the 21st Century Cures is obviously a positive. To us, what we're focused on is to avoid the continuing resolution, which obviously creates some level of uncertainty and freezes budgets. The House is talking I think a $1 billion increase, and I think the Senate might be talking a little bit more. The exact number to me is less of a focus than an increase in funding and getting a budget done.
Catherine Ramsey Schulte - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. I have...
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thank you, Catherine.
Catherine Ramsey Schulte - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Talk about your organic growth assumptions by division for the back half of the year?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Really, I think in terms of the of the full-year outlook, it hasn't changed in terms of our initial guide. So I think Life Sciences Solutions and Analytical Instruments would be the faster-growing businesses out of the four. So that's really the way to think about the speed of growth for the respective businesses for the full year.
Catherine Ramsey Schulte - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Catherine.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So let me just wrap it up briefly. As we reflect on where we are, we're very pleased to have achieved a strong first half, and we're very well-positioned to deliver another great year. And of course, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. We look forward to updating you on the Q3 call. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thanks to everyone for attending. This will conclude today's conference call, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.
Analysts: Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. William March - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Catherine Ramsey Schulte - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2017 First Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts & Presentations until May 12, 2017. A copy of the press release of our first quarter 2017 earnings and future expectations is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Results. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and also available in the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also, during this call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our first quarter 2017 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Ken, thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our Q1 call. We accomplished a lot in the quarter, and we had a great start to the year. We delivered strong financial performance on both the top- and bottom-line. We had a very productive quarter for innovation across our businesses. We continued our strong growth momentum in Asia-Pacific, and we enhanced our customer value proposition with two strategic bolt-on acquisitions while continuing to return capital to our shareholders. Our team executed well to deliver a strong Q1, and we're well positioned to deliver another excellent year. I'll cover each of these highlights in my remarks, starting with our financial results. We delivered excellent adjusted EPS growth in Q1, with a 16% increase to $2.08 per share. Our revenue in Q1 grew 11% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income increased 16%, and we expanded our adjusted operating margin by 90 basis points to 22.6%. So we clearly had a great start to the year. Turning now to our performance by end market, in pharma and biotech, we continued to see good growth and our performance in Q1 was in the high-single-digits. The combination of good market fundamentals and the strength of our unique value proposition continues to drive demand from these customers. We had another strong quarter in our bioproduction business, and we also saw strong demand for our biosciences products. Our performance in academic and government end markets in Q1 was similar to what we saw last year and we grew in the low-single-digits. In health care and diagnostics, conditions really haven't changed since last year, and we grew in the low-single-digits in this end market as well. Last, in industrial and applied, we grew at the company average. Applied markets continued to be strong, and we saw good growth in our research and safety market channel with industrial customers. Now let me turn to our growth strategy and touch on some of the great progress we made in Q1 to position Thermo Fisher for an even stronger future. As you know, our growth strategy is based on three pillars: developing high-impact, innovative new products; leveraging our scale in Asia-Pacific and emerging markets; and delivering our unique customer value proposition. I'll start with innovation, and we got off to a strong start here as well with new products launched across our technology portfolios. Let me highlight a few of them. In Analytical Instruments, the new Thermo Scientific products we showcased at Pittcon really emphasized the success of our R&D strategy in this part of the business, which is essentially twofold. First, we continued to strengthen our leading mass spectrometry and chromotography platforms. And a good example of that was our new iCAP triple-quad mass spec system for clinical research in pharma QA/QC. This is an extension of our successful iCAP product line and combines high-powered analysis with simpler operation. Second, we're using these advanced systems to create specific workflows that are powerful yet easy for our customers to use in applications ranging from pharma compliance to clinical research. The new iCAP system allows customers to switch between single and triple-quad modes so they can keep their existing workflow as well as add new capabilities over time. In our Laboratory Products business, we launched a novel cloud-based application that connects electronic pipettes among individual users in the lab. It's designed to enable centralized programming, storage and sharing of protocols which increases efficiency in what has traditionally been a tedious and inefficient process that's prone to human error. This new product is a great example of how we leverage our deep applications knowledge to help our customers improve efficiency at all stages of their workflows. We were also pleased to learn in the quarter that our TSX Series blood bank refrigerators were recognized by the EPA as the first ENERGY STAR certified lab-grade refrigerators currently available in the market. This demonstrates our commitment to offering customers new technologies that meets their goals for sustainability as well as productivity. In Genetic Sciences, where our strategy is to extend the menu of assays that run on our instruments, we launched the CarrierScan Assay. The new microarray-based solution detects more than 6,000 genomic variations associated with 600 inherited diseases. CarrierScan is the first pan-ethnic research assay, which means it can serve as a single solution for an increasingly diverse population that helps labs greatly accelerate the screening process. Turning to the second pillar of our growth strategy, Asia-Pacific and emerging markets, we had another strong quarter in this region. China led the way again, with growth in the high teens, and we also reported strong growth in India and South Korea. Our strategy of leveraging our unique scale in (sic) [is] (7:43) driving growth across the region. And we continue to build on our industry-leading presence there as well. A quick note on China. I spent time with a number of our customers there a few weeks ago, and I continue to be energized by the long-term prospects for this important end market and the incredible opportunities we have to continue to gain share. The funding environment overall in China continues to be very positive. And we're well-positioned to lead in several areas that are a high priority for the government, such as precision medicine, pharmaceutical production, and environmental monitoring. While I was there, I participated in the opening of a new customer demo laboratory for cryo-electron microscopy at Tsinghua University, one of the world's premier academic institutions. The lab was built by the University to train China's top scientists in the use of these highly sophisticated tools, including our Titan Krios system, the gold standard for structural biology. At the new lab, we're also sponsoring research and educating students through hands-on cryo-EM courses provided by our experts. Understanding the structure of proteins in our blood is a key to advancing precision medicine. And our cryo-EM and Orbitrap platforms are essential to this research. As you recall, cryo-EM is a powerful technology that we added through our acquisition of FEI. One of our key strategic objectives in acquiring FEI is to use our leadership in life sciences to drive adoption of this technology with those customers. Our collaboration with Tsinghua University is a great example of how we're leveraging our leading presence to achieve this goal. I'll make a quick comment on our progress with FEI, now that it's been part of Thermo Fisher for about six months. The integration is going very well. The technologies are fantastic. And we're thrilled to have the FEI team as part of the company. In terms of financial performance, we're running ahead of the year one accretion target that we articulated at the time of the acquisition. This is driven by both the contribution of synergies and the strong growth of the FEI business. Longer term, we're on track to deliver our year three synergy targets. And we look forward to the new growth opportunities we have now that FEI is part of our company. Turning to the last pillar of our growth strategy, our customer value proposition. In the first quarter we completed two bolt-on acquisitions that strengthen our offering in areas with great long-term growth potential for us, bioproduction and digital science. In bioproduction we acquired Finesse Solutions, a leader in the development of scalable measurement and control capabilities. These proprietary universal systems can be integrated seamlessly with our single-use technologies to further optimize the bioproduction workflow. We continue to increase our bioproduction capabilities and capacity to build on our strong momentum in this high-growth market. The other opportunity I want to highlight is the emerging trend towards the digital lab. To add to our capabilities here, we acquired a small but well-respected company called Core Informatics. Core provides a leading cloud-based information management platform that's used in a range of applications from biopharma and genomics to applied markets and manufacturing. This is a scalable platform that complements our existing informatics offering. It's another step in our strategy to develop new digital solutions that support the way our customers want to work, connecting instruments, data, and scientific expertise. Let me give you a quick summary of our capital deployment activities so far this year. We had a busy Q1 including strategic M&A, stock buybacks, and dividends. And in April, we continued to deploy our capital, buying back an additional $250 million of our shares. So at this point we've deployed just over $1.1 billion of our capital year-to-date. Let me now turn to our guidance for 2017. As you saw in our press release, we're raising our guidance to reflect our strong Q1 performance, a slightly more favorable FX environment, and the recent acquisitions we completed. Stephen will cover the details. But at a high level, we're raising our revenue guidance to a new range of $19.51 billion to $19.71 billion, which would now result in 7% to 8% growth over 2016. In terms of our adjusted EPS, we're raising our guidance to a new range of $9.12 to $9.28 for 2017, for 10% to 12% growth over 2016. Before I turn the call over to Stephen, let me summarize our takeaways from Q1. First, we delivered strong financial performance on the top and bottom line. We also continued to strengthen our position with strategic investments in innovation, emerging markets, and our customer value proposition. We feel good about our strong start to the year. And we're confident we'll deliver another excellent year in 2017. With that I'm going to hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. As usual, I'll take you through our first quarter results for the total company. I'll then provide some color on our four business segments, and conclude with our updated 2017 guidance. Before I get into the details, let me start with a high-level view of how the first quarter played out versus our expectations at the time of our last earnings call. We delivered 4% organic growth in Q1 which was approximately one point higher than we had expected at the midpoint of our previous guidance. This was driven by strong operational execution during the quarter. From an earnings standpoint, we finished $0.06 higher in Q1 than we'd assumed in the midpoint of our initial guidance. This was primarily driven by the pull-through on the additional point of organic growth and a stronger-than-expected contribution from the FEI acquisition. So we're clearly off to a great start to the year. Now let me give you more color on the quarter. Starting with our total company financial performance for Q1, as you saw in our press release, we grew adjusted EPS by 16% to $2.08. And GAAP EPS was $1.40, up 39% from Q1 last year. On the top-line, our reported revenue grew 11% year-over-year. The components of our Q1 reported revenue included 4% organic growth, 8% growth from acquisitions, and a 1% headwind from foreign exchange. Looking at growth by geography in Q1, North America grew in the low-single-digits while Europe grew in the mid-single-digits. Asia-Pacific grew in the low-double-digits with continued momentum in China, which grew in the high-teens, and Rest of the World was flat organically for the quarter. Turning to our operational performance, Q1 adjusted operating income increased 16% and adjusted operating margin was 22.6%, up 90 basis points from Q1 of last year. Looking at the components of our adjusted operating margin performance in Q1, we achieved solid expansion from our organic growth driven by strong contributions from our PPI Business System and volume leverage and this is partially offset by strategic investments and the expected modest headwind from acquisitions. Foreign exchange did not have a material impact on operating margin during the quarter. Moving onto the details of the P&L, total company adjusted gross margin came in at 49.3% in Q1, up 110 basis points from the prior year. The increase in gross margin in Q1 is primarily attributed to the positive impact of our PPI Business System and acquisitions; this is partially offset by strategic investments. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 22.2% of revenue, which is 20 basis points favorable to Q1 2016 and R&D expense came in at 4.5% of revenue, up 40 basis points versus Q1 last year. And R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue in Q1 was 6.8%, up from 6.4% in Q1 2016, primarily due to the impact of the FEI acquisition. Looking at our results below the line, net interest expense was $117 million, up $22 million from Q1 2016, mainly as a result of incremental debt financing to support our capital deployment actions over the past year. Adjusted other income and expense was a net expense in the quarter of $5 million which is $4 million more of an expense than 2016, driven primarily by changes in non-operating foreign exchange. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 14% flat to last year, just slightly higher than the expected full-year tax rate of 13.3% due to the timing of discrete tax line items within 2017. The average diluted shares were 394.1 million, down 4.6 million year-over-year, mainly result of the buybacks, partially offset by option dilution. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, cash flow from continuing operations through Q1 was $360 million and free cash flow was $270 million after deducting net capital expenditures of $90 million. Free cash flow is $45 million favorable to Q1 2016. We ended the quarter with $715 million in cash and investments. As for capital deployment activities, we had a busy quarter. And as you heard from Marc, we closed two bolt-on acquisitions, Finesse Solutions and Core Informatics. We also completed a total of $500 million of share buybacks in Q1 and returned $60 million to shareholders through dividends. As Marc also mentioned earlier in Q2, we also completed an incremental $250 million of share buybacks. That brings us to $750 million of share buybacks for the year, which is right in line with our previous guidance. Our total debt at the end of Q1 was $17.1 billion, up $500 million sequentially from Q4, mainly driven by the increase in short-term debt relating to our acquisition and share repurchase activities. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.6 times total debt to adjusted EBITDA. And wrapping up my comments on our total company performance, ROIC improved once again in the quarter, our trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC at the end of Q1 was 10%, up 10 basis points sequentially from Q4 and up 40 basis points over Q1 2016. So we continue to see good underlying performance in this metric. So now I'll provide some color on the performance of our four business segments. Starting with Life Sciences Solutions segment, reported revenue increased 12% in Q1 and organic revenue grew at 7%. In the quarter, we continued to see strong growth across all four of our businesses in this segment, bioproduction, next-generation sequencing, genetic sciences, and biosciences. Q1 adjusted operating income in Life Sciences Solutions increased 23% and adjusted operating margin was 31.8%, up 290 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we saw strong productivity, volume pull-through and favorable business mix, partially offset by strategic investments and the dilutive impact of acquisitions. In the Analytical Instruments segment, which includes the FEI acquisition, reported revenue increased 39% in Q1 and organic growth was 5%. In the quarter, we had strong growth in our chromatography and mass spec businesses. Q1 adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments grew 72% and adjusted operating margin was 18.2%, up 350 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we saw good volume leverage, strong productivity and a positive impact from the FEI acquisition. This was partially offset by strategic investments and foreign exchange. Turning to Specialty Diagnostics segment, in Q1, total revenue grew 1% and organic revenue growth was 2%. We saw good growth in our clinical diagnostics business. Adjusted operating increased 2% in Q1 and adjusted operating margin was 27%, up 10 basis points from Q1 at the prior year. Adjusted operating margin was positively affected by good productivity, volume pull-through, and favorable FX, offset partially by strategic investments. Finally, in the Lab Products and Services segment, Q1 reported revenue increased 3% and organic revenue growth was 4%. In the quarter, we had strong growth in both our Channel and Laboratory Products businesses. Adjusted operating income in this segment decreased 9% and adjusted operating margin was 12.7%, down 170 basis points from the prior year. Adjusted operating margin benefited from both volume leverage and productivity; however, this was more than offset by the expected impact of unfavorable business mix by the Biopharma Services business and, to a lesser extent, strategic investments. So now I'll review the details of our updated full-year 2017 guidance. As you saw in our press release, we're raising both our revenue and adjusted earnings per share guidance. We're increasing revenue guidance by $110 million at the midpoint and increasing our adjusted earnings per share guidance by $0.05 at the midpoint. Let me walk you through the details, starting with revenue. We continue to expect to deliver 4% organic revenue growth for the full-year 2017. Of the $110 million increase in revenue guidance at the midpoint, $50 million reflects a slightly less adverse foreign-exchange environment, and $60 million reflects the expected increase in contribution from acquisitions, principally the addition of Finesse Solutions and Core Informatics, as well as an increase in the revenue outlook for FEI. And in terms of adjusted earnings per share, the $0.05 increase at the midpoint of our guidance reflects $0.02 dilution from the Core Informatics acquisition, a $0.04 benefit from improved operational performance, and a $0.03 benefit from less-adverse FX environment. And finally, with one quarter of strong performance behind us, we're narrowing our revenue guidance range to $200 million and narrowing our adjusted earnings per share range to $0.16. So to sum all this up, the revised 2017 revenue guidance is now a range of $19.51 billion to $19.71 billion. That would represent 7% to 8% growth versus 2016. We expect acquisitions to contribute just over 4.5% to our reported revenue growth in 2017, and FX is expected to be a headwind of just under 1.5%. In terms of earnings per share, our increased 2017 guidance is now a range of $9.12 to $9.28 with a midpoint of $9.20. This represents growth of 10% to 12% versus 2016. Excluding the negative impact of FX, this would represent adjusted earnings per share growth of 12% to 14%. A few other details behind revised 2017 guidance. We're assuming that foreign exchange is now a $250 million revenue headwind for 2017, or just under 1.5%. The FX headwind on adjusted earnings per share is now assumed to be $0.17 or just over 2%. We expect acquisitions will contribute just over 4.5% to our reported revenue growth in 2017 and $0.31 of adjusted earnings per share increase year-over-year. We continue to expect 40 to 60 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion year-over-year, consistent with our prior guidance. We're expecting net interest expense to be about $450 million, which is at the high-end of our previous range, primarily as a result of the incremental debt financing for acquisitions we completed in Q1. We're forecasting our adjusted income tax rate to be 13.3% for the year, consistent with the previous guidance. And as a reminder, this does not include the benefit of any potential tax reform that may occur in the U.S. In terms of capital deployment, our guidance continues to assume $750 million of share buybacks in 2017, and these have all been fully executed. We continue to assume to return approximately $240 million of capital to shareholders through dividends, and our guidance does not include any future acquisitions or divestitures. We're assuming net capital expenditures to be approximately $500 million; no change from the previous guidance. We're still expecting about $3.15 billion of free cash flow for the full year 2017, consistent with previous guidance. And full year average diluted shares are estimated to be in the range of 393 million to 394 million, also consistent with previous guidance. And finally, in terms of phasing we're expecting organic growth to be relatively even over the remainder of the year. And for adjusted EPS we expect that it'd be phased across the remaining nine months of the year in a similar way to the same period in 2016. As always in interpreting our revenue and adjusted earnings per share guidance ranges, you should focus on the midpoints as the most likely view of how we see results playing out. So in summary we executed well in Q1, and we're well-positioned to achieve our goals for the year. With that I'll turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Stephen. Operator, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Derik. How are you?
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good. So lot of questions, but I'll limit it to one just in the spirit of things. So some of your competitors were talking about some weakness in the U.S. pharma businesses. It doesn't look like that materialized for you. Could you just talk a little bit about that environment? And I guess the commentary on the LPS margin being offset by the mix of biopharma services, is that  could you elaborate a little bit more on that in terms of what you're seeing on that one? Then I've got a follow-up.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Sure. Derik, thanks for the question. At a high-level, when I think about the quarter, obviously a very good start to the year. And the team executed well, serving all of the markets. We came out of the quarter very confident with the 4% organic growth guidance that we outlined back in January. In terms of the color around pharma and biotech, it was a good quarter. It was once again our strongest end market. As I mentioned, it grew in the high single digits. In addition to the strength in bioproduction and biosciences, we also had good strength from chromatography and mass spectrometry. So really a good quarter. As Stephen mentioned in the LPS segment, you saw margin dilution. That was really driven by something we expected in our biopharma services business, which was at the end, in Q4, one of our customers canceled a large Phase III study, a very public one. It had nothing to do with us. The study itself was canceled. And that was a good-sized contract and a profitable piece of business. So it shows up really more in the margin profile within LPS. And we'll sunset that after the third quarter of this year.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So that was the clinical trial logistics business, right? That...
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Exactly. Correct.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right. And then...
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: A single study that was canceled, basically.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks for the color on that. And I guess as you  have you noticed any sort of slowdown or hesitation in the academic labs? It doesn't look like it based on your 7% LSS number. But I would love some commentary on that. Then I'll shut up.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Well, you don't have to shut up. But from the quarter, academic and government was low single digits, very similar to what we've been seeing in recent quarters; Asia-Pacific being strongest. In terms of the U.S. academic and government, we grew slightly. And we would have expected by this point to be operating with a budget as opposed to under a continuing resolution. So we didn't see really significant change. If you get into the details of the U.S. academic and government, consumables was stronger than instrumentation. But again in aggregate, a low-level of growth in the U.S.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Derik.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Thanks. Nice quarter, guys.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thank you, Tycho.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Maybe starting with FEI, obviously the commentary there pretty constructive. Can you talk a little bit on demand trends for cryo-EM adoption and interest you're seeing from pharma? It sounds like you're starting to bundle a little bit with Orbitrap per your commentary. And then separately on the semi-side of that business, can you talk a little bit about how much you're seeing a pickup there? I guess what I'm getting at is, in prior cycles that business can be kind of high single digit or double digit at the right point of the cycle. So just wondering what the inflection point looks like for that business.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Tycho, thanks for the question. Good chance to just talk about FEI broadly. First, from an integration perspective, going very well. Really a fabulous team and very good complement to our company. In terms of the growth performance, we had a very strong quarter within FEI. And we're expecting to have very strong growth. As you know, because we won't anniversary it until the very end of the third quarter, it's not going to be meaningful contributor to our organic growth. But on a pro forma basis, the business is growing very well. When you look at the pieces of the business, the life sciences portion of the business, which is driven by cryo-EM, is going incredibly strongly and there's excellent interest both in the academic community as well as you're seeing the beginning of interest in the pharmaceutical community as well. We've had some orders put in place, we also had, importantly, those customers kind of sharing some of the academic instruments, doing some studies which shows their interest and, ultimately, we think that they'll become purchasers as well. So that's very strong growth. Material science, which incorporates all of the non-life-sciences, semiconductor, academic, material science, oil and gas, every single thing that's not life sciences within the FEI business had very strong bookings growth in the quarter. Revenue growth was more muted in aggregate, but that will pick up as the year goes on, and that's driven by semiconductor being very strong on the bookings side. So a very encouraging first six months of the integration and we feel very good about the FEI business and how we'll add value to it and how it will add value to Thermo Fisher Scientific.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then maybe for a follow-up, just on industrial commentary in general, you talked about research and safety doing pretty well, I think last quarter you've made some comments about metals and mining picking up. Can you maybe just talk a little bit about incrementally relative to last quarter where you've seen some improvement? And we have heard some peers about more of a pickup in Asia industrial as well. So just wondering if you could comment on that, too.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, of course. Thanks, Tycho. So as I mentioned in the beginning, industrial and applied grew at about the company average for the quarter. Applied markets were good. Industrial clearly is progressing as we had talked about last quarter. So when you look at the pieces, the shorter cycle portions of the business and the channel reflects that as would some of the lower purchase price, lower aggregate priced instrumentation, had a good quarter in terms of growth and what was also encouraging is that bookings were continuing to grow in the longer cycle products, the things that we mentioned last quarter. So that's two quarters in a row of bookings growth there, and that bodes well for the industrial end markets to play out in line with the expectations that we had articulated back in January, which is growth around the company average, and that would be a nice improvement over what we had seen over the last few years. So that's encouraging.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Tycho.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good morning. What assumptions are embedded into full year guidance for revenue growth by end market and geography? And how have they have changed, if at all, relative to what you embedded into guidance coming into the year?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, I'll take that one. So, Doug, nothing much has really changed when we look at it by end market from where we were at the beginning of the year. Some minor puts and takes across it. So biopharma will still be the strongest grower, expecting that to be kind of mid-to high-single-digits. Industrial and applied, as Marc said, would be about company average, and diagnostics and health care, and academic and government would be about kind of low-single-digits for 2017, same as 2016.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks, Stephen. And...
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: From a geographic...
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Oh, go ahead, sorry.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: From a geographic standpoint, Doug, Asia-Pacific, really no significant changes from the guidance back in January. Asia-Pacific, by far the strongest, and both Europe and North America just below the company average would be our expectations.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. So just a couple of quick follow-ups. I mean, it does seem like pharma is holding up at least as well as expected, if not better, NIH uncertainty doesn't seem to be hitting you and you already had low expectations for that end market and industrial seems to be tracking a smidge ahead of plan. You beat your Q1 expectations as you indicated in your prepared remarks. But why not bump up organic revenue guidance a bit based on all of these observations? Is it just a function of being early in the year and wanting to have a little bit more confidence before making any changes?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, you know Doug, it's a good question. The way that we think about it is twofold. First, it is a bit early in the year, and, well, obviously we're encouraged by the good execution in Q1, so it's a bit early to make changes on that. The second thing is one of the assumptions that's embedded in the guidance both in January, in particular was that we would be operating with a U.S. budget and, obviously, that budget that's been talked about is going to have a nice increase for NIH funding. Obviously we're sitting here at the end of April and we're still under continuing resolution. So that's something that we're just paying attention to and, obviously, three days ago, the news was discouraging, this morning the news is encouraging, and we just look forward to actually going from continuing resolution to budget and that can be a positive as the year unfolds.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And one last follow-up on this topic. Marc, you have better visibility than many if not most of your peers given the size of your business in China and how much time you spend there. Do you have any sense if there's stimulus-like activities or anything else that might be contributing to outsized growth in the near-term? Really what I'm getting at is it doesn't sound like you have any concerns about the sustainability of recent strong trends in China. I just want to make sure you haven't picked up on anything that would change your conviction on the durability of trends.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: No, when I was in China at the beginning of April, where we're seeing this excellent, excellent activity is very much aligned with the five-year plan. It's not a stimulus-driven thing. It's really around precision medicine. We had a great interaction with a number of thought leaders there, and they're very aligned with what we're doing and obviously in food safety, environmental and the expansion of healthcare. Those were really core parts of the five-year plan in China. So we're not  we hadn't heard much about, if any, about a short-term stimulus effect but rather really alignment with fundamental government priorities. So we think we're very well positioned and, obviously, have a very strong team there.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks again.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Jack.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I wanted to start digging on mass spec and chromatography. You talked about the nice growth there. I was just wondering if any of the underlying drivers have changed. And, Marc, do you have any updated views on the clinical opportunity?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, Jack, good questions. From the chroma, mass spec area, we continue to drive good growth. We saw strong performance in our high-end mass spectrometers, the Orbitrap family in particular was very strong, chromatography was quite strong across the board, so there wasn't anything that particularly jumped out as something special. Obviously, the applied markets in Asia helped drive some of the growth, but we saw a really widespread adoption across the business. So that perspective we feel good about. In terms of our clinical mass spec, a program that something we're targeting for a launch in 2018 and we're looking forward to it. As we get to some of the upcoming conferences, ASMS, in terms of the research market, you'll see some really exciting launches. And in AACC, you'll get some more views on what we're doing in the clinical space. So this late spring and summer will be super-exciting for Thermo Fisher Scientific as well.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great, looking forward to it. And then just wanted to follow-up on the margins in Analytical Instruments, maybe for Stephen, up 350 bps. I know some of this is mix, but how much leverage do you think you can drive here with better top-line performance through the year?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. So roughly half of the margin expansion really came from the FEI acquisition. The rest came from the core business. So there is good volume pull-through and using our PPI Business System, we think we can drive significant leverage of additional revenue.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Jack.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Steve.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just two quick ones, one for Marc and one for Stephen. Marc, during the quarter, there's been some, I suppose, up and down in terms of sentiment and expectations around bioprocess, clearly, a good quarter for you guys. It's an interesting business relative to the business overall, in part because it's a very long-cycle business. I would think you have a good degree of visibility in terms of capital projects and capacity plans for your customer base. It'd just be helpful, given all the questions out there, for you to give us a sense of what you're hearing from the customer base in terms of how they're thinking about capacity needs and what that means for the business. And then one quick one for Stephen. Look, really good quarter on the margin front, right? 90 basis points and guidance is still for 40 to 60 basis points. Can you just help us understand why, over the balance of the year, we might expect to see some moderation in the year-on-year trend? Or is this another case where we're just taking kind of a wait-and-see approach given how early it is in the year? Thanks a bunch.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Steve. I'll take the margin one first. So we delivered 90 basis points of expansion in Q1. For the full-year, we're still  I reiterated 40 to 60 basis points with a midpoint of 50 basis points. So if you do the math, we would be delivering just under 40 basis points for the remainder of the year, on average. A couple of key drivers between that and the Q1 expansion: timing of investments, more loaded into Q2 and Q3, a little bit in Q4; and then the other piece is that we had a very profitable stub period in Q3 last year from the FEI acquisition. We had a lot of revenue and very little cost, so that's causing a little bit of pressure on the Q3 margin. But overall, 50 basis points for the year.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Steve, in terms of bioprocess, really a very strong fundamental end market. And we have a very, very strong competitive position. So we've had good growth for a number of years in that business. Q1 was a good quarter for us as well, with high growth as well. As a reminder, we have leadership positions in the media used to grow the product. And then obviously in terms of the single-use technologies that the products are made in, we have market leadership positions. We're excited about the Finesse acquisition, because it complements our single-use technologies. We've been expanding our capacity in terms of our manufacturing plants over the last few years. And we've had a number of openings, both in Grand Island and in Inchinnan in Scotland, where the customer feedback has been incredibly positive. So we feel good about the underlying aspects. There's always some lumpiness in the business, so we don't over-read that too much. I mean, yes, you have a lot of visibility. But sometimes shipments happen in one quarter, move to the next quarter. But for us, we've had pretty smooth growth over the last few years.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks a bunch. Have a good morning.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good morning, guys. I just want to dig a little bit more into the organic growth assumptions by division for the rest of the year. And starting with Diagnostics, I mean you had a pretty tough comp in the first quarter, so that's understandable. But as we think about the rest of the year, is it fair to assume that the organic growth will pick up?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So in terms of what was in our initial guidance and still in our revised current guidance, Life Sciences Solutions will be the fastest-growing segment that we have. Analytical Instruments will be about the company average. Lab Products and Services will be slightly higher than company average. And Diagnostics will be similar to what we saw last year, is the way we're thinking about that.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And then just in terms of LPS, if I think about the overall end market, you guys went through the various customer segments. I'm curious about just market share trends. Where do you feel like you're executing the best in terms of share gains in LPS? Where could you be doing better? Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, when I look at the three sub-components of Lab Products and Services, you have the channel business, you have our manufacturing business for lab products, which is basically when you walk through a lab, kind of everything you see, the plastics, the equipment, the refrigeration, all of that. And you have our clinical trials logistics, or what we call biopharma services. I actually think all three teams executed very well in the quarter, right? And when I look at the channel business, we had very strong growth in the channel business. Really both in North America and Europe, the business is doing very well. Lab Products had a very strong start to the year in terms of growth. And when I look at the biopharma services business, the activity excluding sort of the one large trial that a customer discontinued, I feel good about the execution there. And then obviously that's going to take a few quarters to sunset. So I don't think there was areas that we under-executed. But we always try to be better, right? And our goal is to continue to drive additional growth, and our teams are focused on that.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Isaac.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Arias with Citi. Your line is now open.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Thank you. Marc, maybe just back on FEIC. Can you just talk a bit about where you are in the new product cycle there? When you guys did the deal, Don [Kania] sounded pretty good on some of the things coming down the pike. So just curious about how much of what you're seeing has to do with new introductions? And then what you think about portfolio additions or refreshes there?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: In terms of where the momentum is coming from currently, it's really the existing range of products. We have some exciting products in the pipeline. So that will help sustain a very bright outlook for the business. But the momentum you see right now is not really being driven by new products, per se. So that's something that will unfold as the year progresses.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. Okay. And then maybe just back on industrial, I'm looking at the developed markets. Can you compare U.S. to Europe? And to the extent that the recovery carries through the year, do you see one of those leading the way versus the other? Or should it be pretty balanced? Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: I would say that from the industrial, our channel business performed well in both geographies. So we didn't see a big difference versus our expectations there. I would expect pretty balanced improvements in both the U.S. and Europe and encouraging signs in Asia.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks a ton.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Knight with Janney. Your line is now open.
William March - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Hey, guys. This is actually Bill March on for Paul. How are you doing?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good.
William March - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: First question, if I could, on microarray. Last summer, you talked about seeing some pricing pressure from a competitor in that business. And with the new product launch, just an update on that end market and your channel strategy there.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, so in terms  Bill, thanks for the question. In terms of the microarray business, we're expecting modest organic growth for 2017 for that business, as we said shortly after the acquisition. The first year of ownership, which we sunsetted in March, was softer for that business, primarily about pricing that the competitor had dropped during the sale process of that business. And we launched a number of products and commercial initiatives, and we expect to see some momentum build as we move through the course of 2017.
William March - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Got it. And then just one question on organic growth in the quarter. Could you give us a sense of what the organic growth was for recurring revenues versus instruments? Just trying to understand the growth dynamics, considering the tough 1Q 2016 comp with the extra week of selling days. Thanks, guys. Have a good one.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Bill.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So the growth was actually good across both instruments and consumables for us. Yeah, so good growth across both areas.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. My first question, Marc, has your outlook on the U.S. changed at all given the discussion of cuts in science funding and also environmental?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. In terms of the outlook for the U.S., not really. Pretty consistent with the original guidance provided we get a budget at some point in time, right? The continuing resolution is probably a month later going on and we had put into our original guidance we would've thought sometime in early April we would move to a budget, something of that standpoint in our original plan. So if that plays out, then the U.S. should be similar to what we thought. In terms of the science funding, Congress continues to be very focused on strong growth and support for NIH in particular. You can see that in the 21st Century Cures, you can see that in the funding for the Cancer Moonshot. I've had the opportunity to be in D.C. and meet with a number of members of leadership and there's strong support there from that perspective. So that's  that we're focused on making sure that that continues and feel like that's  it should be okay.
Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And I know your environmental business is headquartered in China, but nothing to flag on the environmental front?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: No, I thought about that in more detail as we're in the discussion around policy, around the EPA. So obviously the business is primarily driven by activities outside the U.S. in terms of our air monitoring business in particular, primarily in China. In terms of the U.S., the Federal EPA is a tiny customer directly. So truly, hundreds of thousands of dollars, nothing significant. In terms of  bigger customers are really the states' EPAs that do the monitoring of the air quality and those regulators are typically more stringent than the federal level, so that's encouraging. Longer-term, obviously, a less desire for regulation on EPA is going to be a longer-term headwind for the air quality business. And to frame the magnitude domestically, that business is maybe $50 million, roughly in size. So it's a very small business. Short-term, you don't really see any effect. And with these policies, no new regulations go into effect over the next four years, then obviously that has some longer-term headwinds on that business.
Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you for all the color.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Dan.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Operator, we're going to take one more question.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Catherine Schulte with Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Catherine Ramsey Schulte - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for the question. Going back to China, you talked about being well-positioned to continue to gain share there. Are there particular areas within your portfolio or particular end markets where you're seeing the most share gains in China or is it more broad-based?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: We've had broad-based success, Catherine, but clearly precision medicine, the food safety, kind of chromatography and mass spectrometry, genetic sciences, businesses have done very well. There's lots of demand and interest in vaccines and pharmaceutical production. That's been good for both our biosciences business and bioproduction. So it's been pretty broad-based but precision medicine, food safety are probably the two areas that jump out the most to us as big opportunities for continued momentum.
Catherine Ramsey Schulte - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks for the question.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So let me wrap up the call. First, thank you for joining us. We're very pleased to have delivered a strong start to the year. We feel we're very well positioned to deliver another great year in 2017. And of course, thanks for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.
Analysts: Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC Chris Lin - Cowen & Co. LLC Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2016 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts and Presentations, until February 17, 2017. A copy of the press release of our fourth quarter 2016 earnings and future expectations is available in the Investors section of the website under the heading Financial Results. So before we begin, let me cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks we that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 1, 2016 under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and also available in the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during this call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our fourth quarter 2016 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So with that, I will now turn the call to Marc.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thank you, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our Q4 and year-end call. I'm pleased to report that we delivered an excellent 2016 and we had many significant accomplishments that strengthened our industry leadership. At a high level, we leveraged our unique scale and depth of capabilities to gain market share. We continued to execute our growth strategy to strengthen our competitive position. We deployed significant capital to enhance our value proposition for our customers and create value for our shareholders. And we delivered another very strong year of financial performance. I'll cover each of these highlights of my remarks, starting with our fourth quarter financial results. We delivered very strong adjusted EPS growth in Q4, with a 14% increase to $2.41. Our revenue in Q4 grew 6% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income increased 14% and we expanded our adjusted operating margin by 160 basis points to 24.8%. Turning to the full year. Our strong adjusted EPS performance all year led to excellent growth of 12% in 2016 to $8.27 a share. We grew revenues by 8% for the full year to a record $18.27 billion. Adjusted operating income grew 10% and we expanded our adjusted operating margin by 60 basis points to 23.1%. We've steadily and significantly increased our profitability, and this is a tribute to the power of our PPI business system. PPI has allowed us to continuously expand our margins over the past 10 years, which positions us for a very strong future. In summary, our team achieved a great year, and that positions us very well going into 2017. Turning to our performance by end market, starting with pharma and biotech. We delivered a strong Q4 to cap off another excellent year serving this customer base. We grew 10% in this end market for the full year, with strong performance in our Bioproduction business, BioPharma services as well as our Chromatography and Mass Spectrometry businesses. We've taken advantage of the underlying strength in the pharma and biotech market and our excellent relationships with these customers to leverage our unique value proposition and continue to gain share. In health care and diagnostics, conditions were similar throughout the year and we grew just below the company average in 2016. Our clinical next-gen sequencing business performed very well and delivered strong growth for the year. Our performance in academic and government end markets in Q4 was similar to what we saw all year and we grew in the low-single digits in 2016. Last, in industrial and applied, we grew in the low-single digits for the full year. Our businesses serving in the applied markets grew well all year long, as we benefited from our strength in serving food safety and environmental applications. In Q4, we were encouraged by early signs of an improvement in our core industrial markets, which was reflected in stronger bookings. Now let me shift gears to talk about our growth strategy and highlight a few examples from the year and the quarter that show how we're successfully executing our strategy to position Thermo Fisher for a bright future. As you know, we have a proven strategy that's based on three pillars: developing high-impact, innovative new products; leveraging our scale in Asia-Pacific and emerging markets; and delivering our unique customer value proposition. So let me start with innovation. The key takeaway here is that we spent $750 million in R&D in 2016 and we continue to benefit from our industry-leading investment. We are putting that money to good use, and as you can see that by our track record of meaningfully great product launches year-in and year-out. And 2016 was no exception. I covered these in detail during the year, so I'll just hit some of the highlights this morning. We continue to strengthen our industry leadership in analytical instruments. We extended the capabilities of our flagship Orbitrap Mass Spec platform by launching new Q Exactive instruments for BioPharma and applied markets. We also raised the performance bar in Chromatography, with our new Integrion HPIC system. To refresh our leading installed base of lab equipment, we introduced our TSX high-performance refrigerators and freezers. These new products complement our very successful TSX ultra-low temperature freezers launched about a year ago, which are helping customers to meet their goals for both sustainability and performance. In the clinical space, we continue to introduce new research and diagnostic tools to improve patient care while lowering the cost of care. We launched new targeted assays for cancer research that run on our Ion Torrent Next-Generation Sequencing instruments. We also received FDA clearance to broaden the use of our sepsis test in the U.S., and we introduced new tests for autoimmune disease and drugs of abuse. To cap off a great year, we launched a number of products in Q4 as well. Let me give you a few examples. We launched the new Clariom Pico assays for more effective biomarker discovery, which are based on the new microarray technologies we gained through the acquisition of Affymetrix. We also introduced Heratherm Refrigerated Incubators that don't use traditional refrigerants and consume less energy. And last, we developed a new RadEye handheld instrument designed to locate a wide range of radioactive materials using a single device. We were also proud to be recognized externally during the quarter for our contributions to the scientific community. Two of our CRISPR genome editing tools were selected by Scientist Magazine to be among the top 10 innovations in 2016. And R&D Magazine named our Vanquish Flex UHPLC system as one of the top 100 innovations for the year. So, clearly, another very strong year for innovation, all the way to the end. Turning to the second pillar of our growth strategy, we continue to expand our capabilities in Asia-Pacific and emerging markets, and we achieved very strong performance here in 2016. China led the way with growth in the high-teens, and it was also a very good year for India and South Korea. We have great momentum in the region and we've continued to build on that with particular focus on investing to support key customer applications. You may recall that we opened a new BioPharma Services facility in South Korea in Q3 to help meet increasing demand for clinical trials in that country. In Q4, we added a new Bioproduction development lab to our China Innovation Center in Shanghai. The goal is to introduce customers to an array of advanced technologies and provide localized R&D for media and cell culture applications to meet the specific needs of the local biopharma and vaccine industry. We're also helping them to meet the increasingly stringent production approval criteria in China's rapidly growing market. Our scale and depth of capabilities in the region, and especially in China, is clearly a competitive advantage for us. We've established an industry-leading presence and we continue to build on that to serve our customers in this large and growing market. Based on our 2016 results, emerging markets now account for 20% of our total revenue, up a percentage point from the previous year. The third pillar of our growth strategy is our unique customer value proposition. As you know, we have a strong track record in the biopharma end market. We've continued to gain share with these customers by leveraging our value proposition to help them accelerate innovation and improve productivity. Our scale and depth are clear differentiators. And what sets us further apart is that we continue to enhance our offering to help our customers meet new challenges. Let me give you two recent examples. A key area of focus today is on advancing precision medicine. We have multiple technology platforms necessary to make progress here, from mass spectrometry to targeted gene sequencing, as well as our cloud capabilities for data sharing. In Q4 we announced that were joining the Cancer Moonshot Initiative. As you probably know, the goal here is to improve cancer detection at early stages and ultimately prevent the disease. It's an all-hands effort between the government and private sector to make these diagnostics and treatments more accessible to patients. Our broad range of technologies positions us to play a key role in supporting this important effort as well as other efforts around the globe. Looking ahead, we see breakthroughs in structural biology as another exciting new opportunity for us as well. Our complementary capabilities from FEI and our leadership in life sciences gives us a key competitive advantage here. As we continue to enhance our customer value proposition, both organically and through acquisition, we'll be ready to help our customers address their most pressing needs, which will fuel our growth. Last, I'll turn to capital deployment, and we had a very successful year on that front as well. We continued to execute our strategy, which is a combination of returning capital to shareholders and investing in acquisitions that strengthen our position as the industry leader. In terms of returning capital, we bought back $1.25 billion of shares and that includes $250 million that we deployed in December. And we also returned approximately $240 million in dividends through the year. Turning to M&A. It was a very active year and we deployed about $5.5 billion on strategic acquisitions. Affymetrix strengthened our leadership in biosciences and added new complementary capabilities to our leading genetic sciences offering. And our acquisition of FEI, which was the third largest in our history, brought industry-leading electron microscopy technologies to Thermo Fisher. The combination of FEI with our existing portfolio creates exciting opportunities, both in material science as well as in the extremely high-growth field of structural biology. We closed this transaction in late September. The integration is right on track and the business is performing very well. So in total, we deployed approximately $7 billion of our capital in 2016 to strengthen our strategic position and create shareholder value. Let me now turn to our guidance for 2017. Stephen will cover the details and outline all the assumptions for our revenue and earnings guidance. As you'd expect, we're planning to extend our long track record of consistent and strong financial performance in 2017. In terms of our revenue, we expect to deliver between $19.38 billion and $19.62 billion in 2017, which would result in 6% to 7% growth over 2016. We're initiating adjusted EPS guidance in the range of $9.06 to $9.24. This would lead to 10% to 12% growth over the very strong $8.27 we delivered this past year. So before I turn the call over to Stephen, let me reiterate our takeaways from the year. We executed well to deliver excellent financial performance. We strengthened our competitive position by continuing to execute our proven growth strategy. And we deployed significant capital to create value for our customers and our shareholders. With that, I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. I'll take you through our fourth quarter and full-year results for the total company, then I'll provide some color on our four segments and conclude with a detailed review of our 2017 guidance. Before I get into the details of our financial performance, I thought it'd be helpful to provide a high-level view of how the year played out versus our expectations at the time of our last earnings call. Organic growth was in line with our previous guidance range and we delivered just under 4.5% organic growth for the full year. From an earnings standpoint, we finished $0.03 higher than our previous guidance midpoint. This was driven by good performance from the FEI acquisition as well as FX, tax rate and share count being slightly more favorable than we'd previously estimated. For the full year 2016, we delivered $8.27 of adjusted EPS, 12% growth year-over-year despite a 1% headwind from foreign exchange. Free cash flow was $2.74 billion for the year, slightly higher than our guidance. So, overall, another year of excellent financial performance. Now let me give you more color on the quarter and the full year. Starting with adjusted earnings per share, as you saw in our press release, we grew adjusted EPS in Q4 by 14% to $2.41. For the full year, as I just mentioned, adjusted EPS was $8.27, up 12% versus 2015. GAAP EPS in the quarter was $1.59, up 6% from Q4 last year, and $5.09 for full year 2016, up 3% versus 2015. On the top line, in Q4 our reported revenue grew 6% year-over-year. This included 8% growth from acquisitions and a 1% headwind from foreign exchange. Normalizing Q4 for fewer days, we estimate that organic growth was approximately 4% during the quarter. As you're aware, the way our fiscal calendar fell in 2016, we had four extra billing days in Q1 and four fewer billing days in Q4, but there was no impact on the year as a whole. So for the full year, reported revenue grew 8% year-over-year. The 2016 reported revenue includes just under 4.5% organic growth, 4% growth from acquisitions and a 1% negative impact from foreign exchange. Moving to our growth by geography in Q4, I'll provide you detail normalizing for the four fewer days in the quarter to provide a better understanding of relative performance by region. Within the quarter, North America grew low-single digits. Europe grew mid-single digits. Asia-Pacific grew low-double digits, with another strong contribution from China. And Rest of the World declined in the low-single digits. Turning to our operational performance. Q4 adjusted operating income increased 14% and adjusted operating margin was 24.8%, up 160 basis points from Q4 of last year. As expected, the fewer number of days in Q4 versus the same period last year had a 40 basis point positive impact on operating margins. The remainder of the strong margin expansion during the quarter was driven by positive mix and the continued gains from our PPI business system. This is partially offset by strategic investments and the dilutive impact of acquisitions. For the full year, adjusted operating income increased 10% and the adjusted operating margin was 23.1%, up 60 basis points from 2015. Moving on to the details of the P&L, total company adjusted gross margin came in at 49.4% in the quarter, up 170 basis points from the prior year. For the full year, adjusted gross margin was 48.8%, up 50 basis points from 2015. For both the quarter and full year, gross margin expansion was driven by very strong productivity, good contribution from acquisitions and modest tailwind from FX. Additionally, within the quarter, we saw the impact of favorable business mix. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 20.3% of revenue, which was down 30 basis points versus Q4 2015, and R&D expense came in at 4.3% of revenue, up 40 basis points versus Q4 last year. For the full year, adjusted SG&A was 21.6%, down 10 basis points compared to full-year 2015, and R&D expense is 4.1% of sales, flat to prior year. R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue for the year was 6.3%. Looking at our results below the line, net interest expense was $117 million, which is $23 million higher compared to Q4 last year, driven mainly by increased debt levels related to our acquisitions. Net interest expense for the full year was $421 million, an increase of $37 million from 2015. Adjusted other income in Q4 was $11 million. This was $17 million higher than Q4 last year, mainly due to non-operational foreign exchange. Our Q4 adjusted tax rate was 14.6%, which is 160 basis points higher than last year due to the timing of discrete tax planning items, and was in line with our expectations. Our full-year adjusted tax rate was 13.8%, similar to 2015. Q4 average diluted shares were 397 million, down 5.4 million year-over-year as a result of $1 billion of share buybacks completed in Q1 and an additional $250 million completed in Q4, partially offset by option dilution. For the full year, average diluted shares were 397.4 million, down 4.5 million from 2015. For the full year, foreign exchange was a year-over-year headwind of $145 million of revenue, $40 million headwind on adjusted operating income, $10 million tailwind on other income and a $0.07 headwind overall on adjusted earnings per share. Turning to cash flow on the balance sheet for the full year. Cash flow from continuing operations was $3.16 billion and free cash flow was $2.74 billion after deducting net capital expenditures of approximately $420 million. This is approximately $320 million higher than 2016 and slightly ahead of our guidance. During 2016, we continued returning capital to shareholders, with $1.25 billion of share buybacks and $240 million in dividends. We successfully deployed capital to strengthen our customer value proposition through strategic acquisitions, including the acquisitions of Affymetrix and FEI. All told, our total capital deployment in 2016 was approximately $7 billion. We ended the quarter with about $790 million in cash and investments. And we finished the year with total debt of $16.6 billion, down $2.3 billion from the end of Q3, driven by strong debt pay down during the quarter. Our leverage ratio at the end of the year was 3.6 times total debt to adjusted EBITDA, which is down from 4.2 times at the end of Q3 and in line with our guidance. Wrapping up my comments on the total company performance, we continued to improve ROIC through the year, even in light of the significant acquisition activity in 2016. Adjusted ROIC in 2016 was 9.9%, a 40 basis point increase over 2015. So with that, I'll now provide you some color on the performance of our four business segments. As I highlighted previously, for the total company, foreign exchange continued to be a headwind for the top line of our segments and impacted their year-over-year revenue growth and adjusted operating margins to varying degrees. The four fewer calendar days impacted segment revenue and margins to varying degrees as well. So starting with Life Sciences Solutions segment, which includes the Affymetrix acquisition, reported revenue increased 10% in Q4. Normalizing for the days impact, we estimate organic revenue growth was approximately 9% in Q4. Similar to last quarter, we saw strong growth across the segment, including our Bioproduction, Next-Generation Sequencing and Biosciences businesses. For the full year, reported revenue grew 12% and organic growth of 7%. Q4 adjusted operating income in Life Sciences Solutions increased 16% and adjusted operating margin was 33.3%, which is 170 basis points higher than the year-ago quarter. Adjusted operating margin expansion was driven by strong organic contributions from volume growth, as well as business mix and strong productivity. This was partially offset by headwinds from FX, the days impact, strategic investments and the expected dilutive impact from acquisitions. For the full year 2016, adjusted operating margin was 30.4%, an increase of 30 basis points over 2015. In the Analytical Instrument segment, which, as a reminder, includes the FEI acquisition, reported revenue increased 32% in Q4. Normalizing for the days impact, we estimate that organic revenue growth was approximately 3% in Q4. In the quarter, we benefited from strong growth contributions from both our Chromatography and Mass Spec businesses. And the FEI acquisition, now our Electron Microscopy business, also had a strong quarter. For the full year, reported revenue in the segment grew 14% and organic growth was 3%. Q4 adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments increased 46% and adjusted operating margin was 24.5%, up 240 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we saw very strong productivity, a positive contribution from the four fewer days and favorable foreign exchange. This was partially offset by unfavorable volume pull-through and business mix as well as the expected dilutive impact of acquisitions and strategic investments. For the full year 2016, adjusted operating income increased 22% and adjusted operating margin was 20.3%, 120 basis points higher than 2015. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics segment in Q4, reported revenue decreased 4%. Normalizing for the days impact, we estimate that organic revenue growth was approximately 3% positive and was consistent across the businesses. For the full year, reported revenue grew 3% and organic growth was 4%. Adjusted operating income was flat in Q4 compared to 2015, and adjusted operating margin was 27.2%, up 100 basis points from the prior year. Adjusted operating margin within the quarter benefited from positive contributions from our PPI business system and business mix, along with a tailwind from foreign exchange offset by the days impact and strategic investments. For the full year 2016, adjusted operating income increased 4% and adjusted operating margin was 27.2%, up 30 basis points from 2015. And finally, in Lab Products and Services segment, Q4 reported revenue decreased 3%. Normalizing for the days impact, we estimate that organic growth in Q4 was approximately 3% positive. For the full year, reported revenue grew 6% and organic growth was 5%. In Q4, adjusted operating income in the segment declined 4% and adjusted operating margin was 14.6%, down 10 basis points from the prior year. Adjusted operating margin benefited from good productivity and four fewer days of cost. However, this was more than offset by negative business mix in the quarter. For the full year 2016, adjusted operating income increased 5% and adjusted operating margin was 15%, flat to the prior year. So with that, I'd like to review the details of our 2017 guidance, which represents another year of excellent operational performance. As Marc mentioned, we're initiating a 2017 adjusted EPS guidance range of $9.06 to $9.24, which is 10% to 12% growth over 2016. In terms of revenue, our guidance range is $19.38 billion to $19.62 billion, which is growth of 6% to 7% over 2016. And we're expecting to deliver 4% of organic revenue growth in 2017. Now I'll outline the assumptions that we factored into our guidance. We're assuming that foreign exchange is a $300 million revenue headwind for 2017, now an impact of just over 1.5%. This reflects the average rates over the course of January. We assume that this pulls through at approximately 27% due to the mix of currencies and the addition of FEI. Foreign currency is reducing adjusted EPS growth by $0.20, or just under 2.5%. If you'd look at our 2017 guidance on an FX-neutral basis, the adjusted EPS growth range would be 12% to 14%. Given the adverse FX environment, we've implemented actions that will offset about a quarter of the $0.20 FX headwind on adjusted EPS. These offsets are included in our operational guidance. We expect acquisitions completed in 2016 will contribute just over 4% to our reported revenue growth in 2017 and $0.30 of adjusted EPS increase year-over-year. This puts us well on track to achieve the three-year synergy targets for the acquisitions. Turning to adjusted operating margin. We're expecting 40 basis points to 60 basis points of expansion year-over-year. To give you some color on the 50 basis points mid-point of guidance, from an operational standpoint, a combination of our proven productivity levers in our PPI business system and the FX offset actions are expected to deliver 55 basis points of margin expansion. Acquisitions are expected to be neutral to margins and foreign exchange is expected to be slightly dilutive. Moving below the line, we expect net interest expense to be in the range of $440 million to $450 million, about $30 million higher than 2016, primarily as the result of the debt we took on for acquisitions in 2016 and expected increases in interest rates in 2017. Other income is expected to be approximately $15 million lower than 2016. The non-operating foreign exchange benefits experienced in 2016 are not expected to repeat and we expect to realize lower joint venture income year-over-year following the sale of our glass manufacturing JV in Q4 2016. We're assuming an adjusted income tax rate of 13.3% versus 13.8% in 2016. The decrease is primarily attributable to the adoption of the new FASB rules on the accounting treatment of excess tax benefits on stock compensation. We assume this will reduce our tax rate by approximately 75 basis points. Our guidance does not include the benefit of any potential tax reform that may occur in the U.S. We're assuming net capital expenditures to be approximately $500 million. Free cash flow is expected to be $3.15 billion in 2017, up $410 million year-over-year, mainly due to higher earnings and lower cash taxes. In terms of capital deployment, we're assuming that we'll return approximately $240 million of capital to shareholders through dividends. Our guidance also assumes a total of $750 million of share buybacks in 2017, $500 million of which we have already completed in January and another $250 million that we assume we will undertake later in the year. We estimate that full-year average diluted shares will be in the range of 393 million to 394 million, down approximately 4 million from 2016, and the impact of these buybacks more than offsetting option dilution. Our guidance assumes that we use excess cash to repay outstanding short-term debt and, as always, does not assume any future acquisitions or divestitures. Finally, I wanted to touch on quarterly phasing for the year. As you think about modeling our organic growth calendarization, due to one less selling day in Q1, you should expect slightly lower than average growth in the first quarter. And in terms of adjusted EPS, we're expecting the same phasing as 2016 when you look at each quarter as a percentage of the total year. As always, in interpreting our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance ranges, you should focus on the midpoint as the most likely view on how we see the year playing out. So in summary, in 2016 we had another year of very strong tactical and strategic execution. This enabled us to deliver excellent financial results and execute really well on our capital deployment strategy to further enhance our strategic position over the long term. We look forward to delivering another strong year in 2017. With that, I will turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Stephen. Operator, we're ready to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Derik.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Derik.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: 9% organic revenue growth in Life Sciences Solutions, that's a bigly number, to quote somebody. Can you give us a little bit more color on what's driving that?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So, Derik, the business had a very strong year. And when I look at the combination between the Life Sciences Solutions business kind of year three into the integration, you're seeing the full potential of our company in terms of just great performance. We saw strength in our Biosciences business. We saw excellent strength in our Bioproduction business and excellent strength in our Clinical Next-Gen Sequencing. So that combination was common through the year and continued into the fourth quarter.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And just a little bit of a follow up. Are you getting any sense, given the amount of uncertainty that's out there with the new administration, that there's going to be any hesitation at all in spending in Q1? Basically, your expectations are you have a day headwind, but you're expecting a little bit softer organic revenue growth, more so than normal seasonality in Q1 because of some potential hesitation in spending in pharma or academia until they figure out what's going on?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: I think the way we think about the phasing is with the 4% organic growth in the guidance, we're just assuming a difference based on the calendar days. So a little bit below the 4% in Q1, and then obviously mathematically slightly above the 4% average over the balance of three quarters. So that's the phasing. In terms of the views on certainty or uncertainty, I've had the opportunity actually in the month of January to see a very significant number of customers, interacting with probably about 25 CEOs or head of major academic institutions around the world. My take is that there is optimism based on a more business-friendly environment in the U.S., but that optimism will start to pan out into good news over time because none of the policies are really in effect. So there's a bit of let's figure out what's going to happen. But I would say versus a year ago, actually I thought the tone was more positive as I did my kind of year-end reviews and catch-up with our customers.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Good morning, guys.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Ross.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: If we think about underlying trends from an end market standpoint, obviously a lot of noise in Q4 because of the days impact. But if you can think about versus plan maybe where things came in potentially ahead and then where maybe you saw order trends, if at all, maybe not hit what you were looking for as we enter the first part of the year, what were the end markets you would sort of highlight for us to watch in the first part of the year that are probably most important relative to whether there's upside or maybe a bit of pressure on the organic line?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So, Ross, if I think about the fourth quarter, the one thing that was different was really the industrial portion of our industrial and applied, as bookings after really four very difficult and consistently difficult years clearly picked up. It's longer lead time items, so that really probably doesn't show up in the numbers until Q2 and Q3. But the thing we're really looking at is that bookings trend continue, because that was encouraging. We're assuming this year that last year we had low-single digit growth in the industrial and applied markets, and we are assuming in our guidance that we will be at or around the company average, a little bit of a pick up in that market. That really is the only significant thing that I'd say that we really saw from an overall end market perspective.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: What do you make of all the probably more investor concern in pharma and more on the CapEx side where folks are looking at all of the noise coming on drug pricing and the like and are worried about that market decelerating. It certainly doesn't feel like that's the case. And I guess from your standpoint, you've been pretty consistent with your messaging. But as you spend a lot of time with customers, maybe give us a little bit of feel or color how they're kind of interpreting the opportunity set on the pipeline versus maybe some of the risks they see to their business on the policy side and how they're kind of calibrating those two things from a purchasing standpoint.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. So as you know, we're very well positioned serving this customer set and have delivered very strong growth for quite a number of years. And that's been in environments that were very good and environments that were actually quite challenging, right? So our value proposition of helping our customers be more innovative and productive has helped us gain share through the different parts of the cycle. As we discussed with our customers, generally they feel good about the science that they're doing and they feel good about what the prospects are for their investments. So what I would say is that we haven't seen a significant change in tone. Obviously, they'll navigate the various dialogues as will every industry will have their own nuances that they have to address in the current state. But I didn't see a change really in tone. What we're assuming, Ross, in our guidance is that we will grow mid to high-single digits serving this end market versus our 10% comparison for the year. And that's the same posture that we've taken the last few years of using BioPharma as  or believing that our growth will be strongest in that end market and giving a little bit of a broader range because we obviously have a good comparison in terms of performing well last year. But we feel good about the outlook in the market.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Very helpful. Thanks, Marc.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: You're welcome, Ross.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, guys. I wanted to start with the Lab Products and Services segment. I think even after adjusting for the workdays, it was a little bit softer than we were looking for. Can you walk through some of the products? You mentioned clinical trial logistics, again, good growth. What was moving the other way in the quarter?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So, if I think about the year-end in the segment that probably saw the most effect in terms of the year-end pattern, it probably sits in that segment, less so a specific business, than the following dynamic. The last three years, kind of the 2013, 2014, 2015 type timeframe, we had very robust year-end spending. When we look at the year-end spend we saw in 2016, it was kind of more of a normal level of spend and that would be what would be most reflected in our Lab Products and Services business. So that's where we saw it, from that perspective, being a little bit softer. When you look at things like stack comparisons and things of that sort, actually the trends are identical throughout the year. So when we look at the underlying health, it's pretty much identical through the four quarters.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. That's helpful. And then as a follow-up, Stephen, you mentioned the guide does not include potential net benefit from tax reform. Could you just give the latest thoughts on policy and how the moving parts impact Thermo? Thanks.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Sure. So, obviously, it's a very fluid situation in terms of U.S. tax reform and a lot of press, but not many details. As we assess the various logical options that are being discussed, we're confident we'll see a net benefit to our current tax rate. The benefit has the potential to be significant because there are really two key factors. First, we're a net exporter, which is a positive should a border adjustment provision be part of the plan. And secondly, the majority of the taxes we pay today are actually in the U.S. So even with the potential limitation on interest deductibility, the rate coming down would certainly be beneficial to us. And in terms of repatriation, we already have a very efficient structure that has substantial capacity on a go-forward basis.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Excellent. Thank you.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Jack.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Thanks. Maybe I'll just start out with some rounding out the end market discussion questions. Marc, can you tell us what's embedded for academic growth for the year? And then it also seems like you saw a little bit of a pick up in Europe. We've heard about that from other peers. So I'm wondering if you can you talk a little bit more about what you're seeing there.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. So, Tycho, thanks for the question. In terms of academic and government, we had low-single digit growth for the full year. And in the quarter when you normalize for days, it was pretty much the same conditions we saw as the full year. Geographically, the U.S. and China have stronger growth. And other parts of the world were not strong. From a guidance perspective in 2017, we're looking at similar conditions to 2016. So, low-single digit growth.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: And the thing across Europe, in Q4 just where certain projects landed in terms of Bioproduction and our BioPharma Services business with more weighted toward Europe than U.S. And those things shift over time, so nothing to read into the performance in Europe in Q4.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, I would agree. I would say from an outlook perspective, we would assume that over time the U.S. is going to get a little bit stronger and Europe is probably going to be slightly more muted in terms of our outlook for the year.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then I think one of the things you touched on at our conference in January was taking more price actions this year. Can you maybe just talk about how you're thinking about pricing?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. So with the strengthening of the dollar, certainly in markets where there's not strong local competition, we've been taking actions. We had done that in Japan a couple years ago. Benefited from that and we're doing that in additional markets where we have the opportunity to do so. We took some of those actions in the UK and continue to do so just given how the pound has been. So those are some of the things.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then I guess last one on capital deployment. Just wondering if you can characterize the M&A funnel. You did talk a lot about the buyback that you did in December and the ones you have planned for this year. But wondering on the M&A front what you're seeing out there and if there's still interesting assets you're looking at?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Well, there are. I mean, the funnel is busy and pretty full. We continue to look at a variety of opportunities. As you know, the industry is incredibly fragmented. So we follow our strategy of looking at things that will strengthen the company strategically, clearly be understood and valued by our customers and create shareholder value, with the primary metric being return on invested capital. While we don't assume any in our guidance because you never know what will ultimately get over the finish line, we feel good about what the pipeline looks like.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Tycho.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Groberg of UBS. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Thanks a million. And congratulations on a solid end of the year. So, Marc, maybe  you guys are very diversified across kind of all metrics. Your target range is 4% to 6%. You're saying industrial is getting a little bit better. I guess as you think about it big picture, to get you up to that 5% to 6%, what would you need to see in 2017?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So in terms of the drivers in the end markets to get to higher organic growth, I would say obviously Industrial and Applied would be one. Obviously, coming in at the higher end of the range in the BioPharma, given the range we've assumed there, would ultimately do that. And then the other area is going to be academic and government. It has really been very low-single digits for several years, and that's probably 1 point below the long-term historical trend line. So there's some growth embedded there as well. And the 4% to 6%, as we mentioned, is the long-term outlook. So any particular year, Jon, it's going to vary, but we've been solidly in that range for a number of years.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then I guess bigger picture, Marc, one of the things that seems pretty obvious is that the new administration in the U.S., and who knows what happens in some of the other regions, there's just a lot of change that's coming. Maybe it's difficult to predict what that change is. I know your philosophy and your track record is it's your job to manage through all that change. Is there anything that you see on the horizon that you're particularly focused on that you think might impact your own strategy through all of this? I'm just trying to get an understanding of how you're thinking about everything that's going on.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So we read every change through the lens of our customers and how we're going to help our customers navigate the new opportunities and any challenges that they may face. And when there's periods of any type of inflection point, we've done a good job of strengthening our relationships with our customers and growing our share. And when I think about the specific things for us, obviously tax policy, as Stephen mentioned, should be a nice benefit for us as that gets enacted. So we're paying attention to that as probably the one that's most immediate and affects us.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: You're welcome.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Jon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel of Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Chris Lin - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. This is Chris on for Doug today. Thanks for taking my question.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Sure.
Chris Lin - Cowen & Co. LLC: Marc, I was curious if you could provide some more commentary on innovation. I think you have some commentary on new product contributions in your Annual Proxy Statement. But ahead of that, I was curious if you could just help quantify the new product impact in 2016 and how you would think about contributions in 2017?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. So, Chris, thanks for the question. So innovation has been a good year. We finished ahead of our internal goals in terms of the impact for innovation in the year 2016. We use a variety of metrics to measure that, but felt like performance was good. We have some big areas of investment that we're focused on that will drive really good growth into the future. I would categorize them in the areas of Mass spectrometry and broadening the application of that technology. The expansion of our next-gen sequencing further and further into the clinical space, we've had good momentum there. And we're extremely excited about the structural biology applications that FEI brings us and the combination with our leading position in mass spec, So those are some of the things that when I look at what are likely to be continuous good growth drivers for us going forward based on innovation, that's some of the highlights.
Chris Lin - Cowen & Co. LLC: Actually, I just have a related question, and I think you've noted (48:55) both of them. We have been curious about the potential impact of new products, such as NGS assays and mass spec, specifically in Specialty Diagnostics and how that can improve the growth rate in that segment going forward. So I was wondering if you could provide any commentary there on improving the Specialty Diagnostics growth outlook?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Sure. So in terms of the growth in Specialty Diagnostics, it's been operating just below the company average for a period of time. We have a fairly large program in clinical mass spectrometry and that's something that we are targeting to have an impact in 2018. And that, obviously, when we launch and when it drives adoption, should be a nice tailwind for that part of our business. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Steve, are you there?
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Can you hear me now?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yep.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Sorry about that. Just looking to fill in the picture here a bit on two things. One, Marc, in genetics and genomics, your tone there has been really positive for some time. And, of course, now with Affymetrix, you have a fuller toolkit, if you will. I wonder if you could just level set us a little bit to help us from a modeling perspective. In the clinical sequencing business, any way you'd be able to size that for us, given where we are here? And you mentioned really strong growth there. How strong is the growth, what are we talking about? And then on the Affymetrix side, how have you seen the growth at Affymetrix, or the legacy Affymetrix business progress since the completion of the deal? And how are you thinking about those businesses for 2017? Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So, Steve, thanks for the questions. So we obviously have a strong competitive position in our genomics offering from the only company having Sanger sequencing, qPCR, Next-Gen Sequencing and Microarrays within the portfolio. So let's start with the clinical Next-Gen Sequencing. That's a business that has grown in the teens for us and continues to progress very well, so at least gives you a sense. From the Affymetrix integration, let me give you an update there. The integration has gone very smoothly. The eBioscience's business portion, which is complementary to our Biosciences position, is growing very well. And it was encouraging to see in the fourth quarter some stabilization of the Microarray business. Still below our expectations from the beginning of the year, but clearly a nice set of momentum from the actions we put in place during the course of the year. So I feel better about that. And we're looking forward to a strengthening year in the Affymetrix business in 2017.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I really appreciate all the color. Thanks, Marc.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: You're welcome, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, guys. Thank you. Wanted to spend a little bit more time on the BioPharma outlook for this year. Obviously a lot of concern out there, just given how strong those market have been for everybody last couple of years. And you covered some of that in the prepared comments. But I was hoping maybe you could speak a little bit about how you think about visibility between the R&D side of BioPharma versus Bioproduction. Obviously, you got good exposure in both halves. But if you could talk a little bit about the process you went through when you set your 2017 guidance and handicapping the R&D versus production outlook, that be helpful.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Sure. So, Isaac, in our mix, we have roughly a $1 billion Bioproduction business. Been a very strong grower. It's a bit lumpy. But the growth is very strong. And when we look at the outlook for this full year, it continues to be very robust. The reason for that is as you move through the R&D process into production to the ramp of production, those products are very life science tools  consumption is very intensive. So as volume grows, you really do consume a lot of product relative to a small molecule, which is once you get it into production, really you're just down to the Chromatography for QA/QC. So that's a tailwind that should be with us for the long term in terms of the growth in that part of the business. In terms of the research and development portions of the business and visibility, you never have perfect visibility. But generally, based on the strength of the customer relationships that we have and the access that we have to the customer base, our takeaway is that this is an end market where we're very well positioned to continue to drive meaningful growth.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. And then just a follow up on a couple product specifics. One is on FEI. Obviously that's been a nice acquisition from a technology standpoint. And then I think at the same time, the end markets, as you mentioned, in structural biology have started to pick up. So can you talk little bit about where we are in terms of recognizing the orders that you have in structural biology? Is that an uptick that we should expect to continue throughout the course of 2017, or is it really going to be more about the first half of the year? And then second to that would be Affymetrix. If you could help us level set how growth in that business settled out for 2016 and what your expectation is for this year. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. So in terms of FEI, it is an incredibly strong fit with our company and probably one of the most under-appreciated things if I think about in terms of what we did last year and in terms of how that will create a very bright future for the company. When I look at the momentum in structural biology and the orders and the shipments, the business should grow well this year. Obviously, most of the year does not count in our organic growth calculation just because we don't do it until the anniversary. But the business in aggregate should grow above the company average and, last year, certainly had bookings well in excess of their revenue. So a very strong outlook from that perspective. In terms of Affymetrix, we're expecting the business to grow around the company average, maybe slightly better in 2017. So thank you, Isaac.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Operator, we have time for just one more.
Operator: Yes. Your last question comes from the line of Dan Arias of Citi. Please go ahead.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning, thanks. Just wanted to follow up on the Specialty Diagnostics growth drivers there with two quick ones. First is just on contributions from the collaborations such as what you are doing with Siemens. What should we expect out of those? And then the second is whether you feel like some of the things that could maybe give the portfolio a deeper reach will be meaningful to growth this year? I think your PCP assay got cleared for broader use. I think you've signed some licensing deals there. So how might those contribute? Thanks very much.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So in terms of our position in Specialty Diagnostics, we really have a unique position because we are large partner to each of the OEM companies in the field. So customers like Siemens and Roche are important customers and collaborators with us. One of the interesting areas of growth for us has really been in the sepsis biomarker, PCT. The additional clearances in the U.S. should be a nice tailwind for that business, as not only did we get the clearance on our platform as did a number of our partners. So that should drive further adoption in the U.S., where originally it was usually for a single test and now it's used for monitoring a patient with sepsis, which allows for a larger recurring revenue stream. So we're excited about those opportunities. So thank you for the question. Let me just conclude with a quick comment. As a company and as a team, we're very pleased to delivered strong 2016. We're very well positioned to achieve our growth goals for the years ahead. And certainly I want to thank each of you for your support for Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.
Analysts: Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC Derik de Bruin - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Sung Ji Nam - Avondale Partners LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2016 third quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. . Thank you. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice-President Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin your call. .
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website thermofisher.com under the heading Webcasts and Presentations until November 11, 2016. A copy of the press release of our third quarter 2016 earnings and future expectations is available on the investor section of our web site under the heading Financial Results. So, before we begin, let me briefly cover our safe harbor statement Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 2016, under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and also available on the investor section of our website under the heading SEC filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change; therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during this call we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our third quarter 2016 earnings and future expectations and also in the investor section of our website under the heading financial information. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our Q3 earnings call. We're pleased to tell you that we had another great quarter and we're right where we should be at this point of the year. We delivered strong financial performance on the top and bottom lines. We continued to execute our growth strategy to best serve our customers and gain share. And we also completed our acquisition of FEI earlier than we expected, and the integration process is in full swing. So terrific progress across the board. I'll cover these points in more details in a few moments. But the key message is that with three great quarters behind us, we're well positioned to deliver another very successful year. I'll start by covering the Q3 financials at a high level, give you some color on our performance by end market, and provide a recap of the quarterly highlights in the context of our growth strategy. Then I'll wrap up with our revised guidance. In terms of financials, revenue in Q3 grew 9% to $4.49 billion. Adjusted operating income was up 11% and we expanded our adjusted operating margin by 40 basis points to 23%. Finally, I'm very pleased that we achieved a 13% increase in adjusted earnings per share to $2.03. As you know, adjusted EPS is our primary performance metric and we continue to deliver consistently strong results to extend our long track record here. In summary, it was a great quarter financially and our teams are really executing well to take advantage of the opportunities we have to help our customers meet their goals. As you hear from us every quarter, we're committed to building on our capabilities to being an even stronger partner for them whether we're launching new products or making strategic acquisitions. The global environment obviously has its challenges, but we look at them as opportunities to help our customers be successful, and we're effectively leveraging our unique value proposition to gain share and drive growth. That's a good segue into our end market discussion. There's been a lot of commentary on the various end market dynamics. Let me provide some color on what we saw on the four end markets in Q3. In aggregate, our key end markets were in line with our expectations, and Q3 was similar to what we saw in Q2. At a high level, two of our end markets were essentially the same: academic and government and health care and diagnostics. And the other two changed a little. Pharma and biotech was a bit stronger, and industrial and applied was a bit weaker. I'll give you a few more details about each one. In pharma and biotech, we grew in the low-double digits in Q3. The market dynamics remained very healthy and we continued to effectively leverage our depth of capabilities to gain share with these customers. Growth in our bioproduction and biopharma services businesses were particularly strong in the quarter, and we also had strong performance here in our chromatography and mass spec business. Academic and government end markets grew slightly in the quarter, and industrial and applied end markets declined slightly. And in health care and diagnostics, our growth overall was similar to last quarter. This was highlighted by strong performance in our transplant diagnostic business and particularly strong growth in our clinical next-gen sequencing business. So, again, not much difference in our end markets overall compared with Q2. Now, I'll cover some of our Q3 business highlights in the context of our growth strategy. As you know, we continue to follow a clear and consistent strategy to strengthen our position in targeted end markets and geographic regions. We're focused on developing high impact innovative new products, expanding our scale in Asia Pacific and emerging markets, and enhancing our unique customer value proposition. I'll start with innovation as I usually do. We launched a number of new products during the quarter across our businesses, but I'd like to focus my remarks today on a few examples of how we're increasing our depth of capabilities for customers working in the clinic. Late July marked the annual meeting of the American Association of Clinical Chemistry. We showcased a number of assays, instruments and software under our Thermo Scientific Premier brand. So let me highlight a few of them. First, we were pleased to be cleared by the U.S. FDA to expand the use of our leading BRAMS PCT sepsis test. It can now be used in the emergency room or other medical wards before a patient is admitted to the ICU. Our PCT test was previously cleared only for the use with critically ill patients on their first day in the ICU. By administering the sepsis test much earlier, clinicians can protect a broader patient population and help to reduce the associated health care costs. We also worked in tandem with our key PCT license partners, Roche Diagnostics and bioMrieux, so that they could receive clearance to run the test on their extensive installed base of instruments in the U.S. This will significantly expand access to this valuable diagnostic tool. We also received clearance for several other diagnostic assays as well. One was the DRI Hydrocodone Assay, which has a high level of sensitivity to help doctors quickly identify possible opioid abuse. We also received clearance for two new EliA IgG autoimmunity tests for more effective diagnosis of thyroid disease. Last, for greater accuracy in the clinical lab, we launched LabLink xL 2.0 software so clinicians can compare and validate results in real time from labs around the world. I also want to make a comment on our next-gen sequencing business as well, where we're seeing nice momentum in customer adoption of our sequencers, including the new S5 and S5 XL that we introduced about a year ago. In the quarter, we launched a number of new assays including additions to our Oncomine family of high-value oncology kits. Our new lung cell-free DNA as well as our BRCA1 and 2 assays are all designed for NGS analysis on our Ion Torrent platform. We also launched the new Ion AmpliSeq Transcriptome Human Gene Expression Kit, which enables the simultaneous analysis of more than 20,000 genes in a single assay using our Ion Chef sample prep technology as part of the work flow. In terms of highlights from a geographic perspective, we're pleased to deliver another strong quarter of growth in Asia Pacific and emerging markets, which is the second pillar of our growth strategy. Our results in Q3 were led by outstanding performance in China and India. China continues to be a significant contributor, with growth in the high teens during the quarter. We're positioning Thermo Fisher to not only take advantage of the significant opportunities available in China today, but also to help those customers meet their future plans. An important aspect of that is understanding the government's longer-term focus. During my last visit there in Q3, I spent time in Guangzhou and had the opportunity to meet with the municipal party secretary. We formalized a strategic partnership that involves working with local companies and scientific institutions in Guangzhou to advance health care, environmental protection and food safety. This is part of a national plan to boost development in the South China region. We're also partnering with Health BioMed, a leading provider of clinical diagnostic and pharmaceutical products in China. The goal is to advance the development of molecular diagnostic kits for infectious disease and pharmacogenomic screening. The kits will be based on our Applied Biosystems CE platform and is another great example of our ability to support precision medicine initiatives that are part of China's five-year plan. These are just two of the examples from the many that we have in terms of long-term growth in China. I always leave China even more energized about our prospects. It's a large and growing market. Our scale gives us a strong competitive advantage and we're well aligned with the country's strategic priorities. I also spent some time in South Korea in Q3, and a specific opportunity I want to highlight there is the demand for our biopharma services capabilities. South Korea is a key location for clinical trials research because of strong government support, its modern infrastructure and an easily accessible patient population. During the quarter, we opened a new state-of-the-art facility in Seoul to provide local and global companies with a comprehensive clinical trial support. This complements our biopharma services capabilities in the region, including those in Singapore, China, India and Japan. South Korea is also a great example of how we're leveraging our unique customer value proposition, which is the third pillar of our growth strategy. Korea's GDP is growing in line with many developed countries, but we're clearly gaining share here. That's because of the size of our sales force, our full suite of products and services and the way we effectively bring it all together to help our customers drive innovation and productivity. We have outstanding customer relationships across Korea and are well positioned to continue to gain share. As you know, we continue to invest to strengthen our customer value proposition. And the major highlight in Q3 was our acquisition of FEI, which we completed in September. FEI is a well-respected business with a leading position in electron microscopy. We're excited to add these technologies to our analytical instruments offering and extend their reach to our large lifescience customer base. I attended the day-one town halls at FEI sites in the Czech Republic and the Netherlands. I was able to meet many of our 3,000 new colleagues, and it was great to see their enthusiasm about joining Thermo Fisher. I've been impressed with the FEI teams and the operations I've visited so far. The Brno site in the Czech Republic in particular is a world-class manufacturing facility that produces a wide range of FEI products. It's also strategically located in an area with a highly-skilled workforce. The ability to leverage this site to support other parts of our company will help us to further optimize our global footprint and increase our presence in lower-cost regions. So we're very bullish about the many advantages that FEI brings to Thermo Fisher. The integration teams have hit the ground running and are implementing their plans. We're confident in our ability to achieve the $80 million of total synergies we laid out when we announced the transaction back in May. Before I move on to guidance, let me give you a quick overview of where we stand with our capital deployment activities so far this year. With the additions of Affymetrix and FEI, we've deployed more than $5 billion on strategic M&A, $1 billion in stock buybacks and we're on a path to approximately $240 million of returns in dividends in 2016. So it's been an active year for Thermo Fisher Scientific in terms of effectively deploying our capital to create value for our customers and our shareholders. Now let me give you a quick update on our guidance for 2016. As you saw in our press release, we're raising our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance for the year. As usual, Stephen will cover the details and assumptions, but in summary, we're raising guidance based on the addition of FEI, our strong operational performance in the first nine months, and a better foreign exchange environment. We now expect revenue for the year to be in the range of $18.25 billion to $18.39 billion. This would result in 8% growth over 2015. We're raising our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.11 at the midpoint to a new range of $8.19 to $8.30, which represents 11% to 12% growth year-over-year. Before I turn the call over to Stephen, let me sum up my remarks with a couple of takeaways. It was another great quarter in terms of our financial performance, and we extended our long track record of consistently delivering strong adjusted EPS growth. We closed on the acquisition of FEI and look forward to the new opportunities we'll have to create value and drive growth. With the strong nine months behind us we're on track to deliver another very successful year. With that, I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson.
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. I'll take you through an overview of the third quarter results for the total company, and then I'll provide some color on our four segments and conclude with the updated 2016 guidance. Before I get into the details of our financial performance, I thought it would be helpful to provide a high level view of how the quarter played out versus our expectations at the time of our last earnings call. Operationally, we're right in line with our expectations both on organic growth and earnings generation. Given the level of volatility in foreign exchange rates so far this year, it was good to see that Q3 FX was $0.02 less adverse than we previously estimated and finally it was great to get the FEI deal closed in September, and we were able to deliver $0.04 of additional adjusted earnings per share in the quarter. So the high level summary is we had a strong Q3 and we were able to deliver $0.06 of adjusted earnings per share above what we had previously expected. Now let me give you some more color on the quarter. Starting with adjusted earnings per share, as you saw in our press release, we grew adjusted EPS in Q3 by 13% to $2.03. GAAP EPS was $1.19 up 1% from Q3 last year. On the top line, our reported revenue grew 9% year-over-year. The components of our Q3 reported revenue included 4% organic growth, a 5% contribution from acquisitions, and a slight headwind from currency translation. In Q3, we recognized just under $100 million of revenue from FEI. Looking at our growth by geography in Q3, this was very similar to what we saw in Q2. Both North America and Europe continued to grow in the low-single digits. Asia Pacific grew in the low teens, with another strong quarter from China, which grow in the high teens, as Marc mentioned, and the rest of the world declined low single digits Turning to our operational performance, Q3 adjusted operating income increased 11% and adjusted operating margin was 23.0%, up 40 basis points from Q3 of last year. Looking at the components of our adjusted operating margin performance in Q3, we delivered solid expansion from our organic growth driven by our PPI business system and volume leverage, and this was partially offset by unfavorable business mix, strategic investments, and a modest headwind from acquisitions. This quarter, FX had no impact on operating margin. Moving on to the details of the P&L, total company adjusted gross margin came in at 48.9% in Q3, up 60 basis points from the prior year. Adjusted gross margin expansion was driven by strong productivity, positive contributions from acquisitions and FX, and partially offset by business mix and strategic investments. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 21.8% of revenue, which is up 30 basis points versus Q3 2015, and R&D expense came in at 4.1% of revenue, down 10 basis points versus Q3 last year. R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue in the quarter was 6.1%. Looking at our results below the line, net interest expense was $103 million, which is $10 million higher compared to Q3 last year, mainly as a result of financing relating to our capital deployment actions this year. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 13.1%, which is 90 basis points lower than last year as a result of our tax planning initiatives and the timing of discrete items. However, this was in line with our expectations. Average diluted shares in the quarter were 397.4 million, down 4.6 million year-over-year as a result of the share buybacks we completed in Q1, partially offset by stock option dilution. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, for the first nine months, cash flow from continuing operations was $2 billion and free cash flow was $1.7 billion after deducting net capital expenditures of $290 million. This is approximately $350 million higher than our prior-year cash flow for the same period. We ended the quarter with $2 billion in cash and investments. This is higher than normal due to the timing of the financing activities related to the FEI acquisition. $1.2 billion of this was used on the first business day of Q4 to pay down debt obligations. Our total debt at the end of Q3 was $18.9 billion, up $4.8 billion sequentially from Q2 as a result of the financing activities related to the FEI acquisition, and leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 4.2 times total debt to adjusted EBITDA, up from 3.2 times at the end of Q2. After we paid down the debt on the first day of Q4, the leverage ratio was down to 4.0 times. Similar to previous quarters, we paid $60 million of dividends in Q3. And wrapping up my comments on our total company performance, ROIC continued to be strong. Our trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC at the end of the quarter was 9.8%. So with that, I'll now provide you with some color on the performance of our four business segments. Starting with the life science solutions segment, reported revenue increased 14% in Q3 and organic revenue growth was 7%. In the quarter, we continued to see strong growth across a number of the businesses led by next-gen sequencing, bioproduction and biosciences. Q3 adjusted operating income in life science solutions increased 11% and adjusted operating margin was 30.1%, a decline of 70 basis points year-over-year. Adjusted operating margin was in line with our expectations and the year-over-year contraction was driven by unfavorable business mix and the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by positive productivity and volume pull-through. In the analytical instrument segment, which includes the FEI acquisition, reported revenue increased 15% in Q3 and organic revenue growth was 3%. In the quarter, we had strong growth contributions from our chromatography and mass spec and our environmental instruments businesses, partially offset by continued weakness in the businesses serving our industrial end markets. Q3 adjusted operating income in analytical instruments increased 30% and adjusted operating margin was 21.2% up 240 basis points year-over-year. In the quarter, we saw very strong productivity, favorable FX, good volume leverage, and a positive impact from the FEI acquisition. Expansion from these drivers was partially offset by unfavorable product mix and the impact of strategic investments Turning to the specialty diagnostics segment, in Q3 reported and organic revenue both grew 3%. We saw good growth in our transplant diagnostics and immuno-diagnostics businesses. Adjusted operating income increased 5% in Q3, and adjusted operating margin was 26.8%, up 40 basis points from the prior year. Adjusted operating margin was driven by strong productivity, good volume pull-through, and FX tailwinds, partially offset by the impact of strategic investments and headwinds from business mix. Finally, in the lab products and services segment, Q3 reported revenue increased 7% and organic growth was 6%. We delivered particularly strong growth in our biopharma services and channel businesses. Adjusted operating income in the segment increased 3%, and adjusted operating margin was 14.8%, down 40 basis points from the prior year. Adjusted operating margin benefited from volume and productivity; however, these were more than offset by the impact of strategic investments and unfavorable business mix. Now I'll review the details of our updated full year 2016 guidance. As you saw in our press release, we're raising both our revenue and adjusted earnings per share guidance. We're increasing revenue guidance by $400 million at the midpoint and increasing our adjusted earnings per share guidance by $0.11 at the midpoint. Let me walk you through the details, starting with revenue. We continue to expect to generate about 4.5% organic growth for the full year of 2016. Of the $400 million increase in revenue guidance at the midpoint, $30 million reflects the slightly less adverse FX environment, and $370 million reflects the impact of FEI, which includes approximately $100 million we recognized in Q3. The FEI numbers are net of purchase accounting adjustments to reduce deferred revenue. Then on adjusted earnings per share, we've increased the midpoint of our adjusted earnings per share guidance by $0.11. This reflects $0.02 from the less adverse FX environment and $0.09 from the impact of FEI, which includes the $0.04 we recognized in Q3. And finally, with three quarters of strong operational performance behind us and factoring in the addition of FEI, we're narrowing our revenue guidance range to $140 million and narrowing our adjusted earnings per share range to $0.11. So to sum all this up, the revised 2016 revenue guidance is now a range of $18.25 billion to $18.39 billion, which would represent 8% growth versus 2015. We expect acquisitions to contribute about 4.5% to our reported revenue growth in 2016, and FX is expected to be about a 1% headwind. In terms of adjusted earnings per share, our increased 2016 guidance is now a range of $8.19 to $8.30 with a midpoint of $8.245. This represents growth of 11% to 12% versus 2015. Excluding the FX impact, this would represent adjusted earnings per share growth of 12% to 13%. We are now expecting 50 basis points to 60 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion year-over-year. This is slightly lower than our previous guidance of 60 basis points to 70 basis points, primarily as a result of the impact of the FEI acquisition. There are a few other details behind our 2016 guidance. Given the days impact on our 2016 fiscal calendar, I thought it would be helpful to revisit our prior comments around phasing. Our Q1 had four more days and our Q4 will have four less days that the equivalent quarters in 2015. As a result, we're expecting the reported organic growth in Q4 to be essentially flat and the days adjusted organic growth in Q4 to be about 4.5%, consistent with our previous guidance. This would also result in a full-year organic growth of about 4.5%, also consistent with our previous guidance. Net interest expense has increased $25 million from our previous guidance to $420 million as a result of the FEI acquisition. There is no change to our full-year adjusted income tax rate guidance, which is still expected to be about 14%. This implies a 15% adjusted tax rate in Q4, slightly higher than the full-year average due to the phasing earlier in the year of certain discrete tax planning actions. Our guidance does not include any future acquisitions, divestitures or share buybacks. Full year average diluted shares are estimated to be about 398 million, consistent with previous guidance. We're expecting net capital expenditure to be approximately $440 million, consistent with previous guidance. And finally, we're still expecting about $2.72 billion of free cash flow for the full year 2016, consistent with previous guidance, and forecasting that the operational cash flow generated by FEI during our period of ownership in 2016 will be offset by the related transaction and restructuring costs. As always, when interpreting our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance ranges, you should focus on the midpoint as the most likely view of how we see results playing out. And in summary, we've had three strong quarters of operational performance, a less adverse FX environment than expected and our capital deployment activities are generating strong earnings benefits in 2016 and will enhance our strategic position over the long term. All of this keeps us on track to deliver another excellent year. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Stephen. Operator, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Jon Groberg of UBS. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. And congratulations on another solid quarter. Marc, obviously, there's a lot of concern out there in the investor community around the biopharma market. You noted another strong, almost looked like accelerating, growth in that market. Any comments at all around early indications of what you may be seeing there? Any potential concern around what you're hearing from customers or elections?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Jon, thanks for the question. Been a great end market for us. The outlook continues to be very bright. Let's talk about why the market is generally good. The science is good and the number of approved drugs continues to go well. Vaccines are continuing to play a more and more important role in healthcare, and that's a good positive as well. And as more and more biotech, large molecule drugs are making it through the pipeline versus small molecules, biotech is a larger consumer on a relative basis of lifescience tools and diagnostics because it's not just in the research and clinical trials phase, but all the way into production you would use our products. So actually the industry looks very bright. And then obviously on top of that is the company's position within the industry. And we have a great value proposition with these customers and we have consistently gained share for a number of years. We have strong relationships across all of the major biotech and pharmaceutical companies. And they see us as their partner to drive innovation and productivity, and that has allowed us to have a great historical performance, but, more importantly, positioned for a very bright outlook in this end market.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Great. And then a quick follow-up, Marc, on I guess it looks to me like Affymetrix is still a little bit underperforming relative to maybe where you expected or at least what they were doing. And so I'm just curious, as you initially get to know FEIC and, again, given some of the end markets out there, are you feeling comfortable with your initial outlook of FEIC as you've gotten to know it better? Any updated thoughts there? Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So in terms of FEI, really we're very excited to have the company as part of Thermo Fisher Scientific and a great addition in terms of colleagues. The business is on track to have a good year in terms of growth, and obviously had a nice contribution in Q3 and a good contribution to our success in Q4. So integration is just getting underway. We did the planning between announcement and close, and the teams are executing well and we're very excited about what FEI is going to bring to the company over time. What we expect over time, as we said back in May, is that this business will grow faster than the company average. Thanks, Jon.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Derik de Bruin - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Derik.
Derik de Bruin - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: So, Marc, I know it's a little early to start thinking about 2017 maybe, but you're doing 11% to 12% EPS growth this year, 12% or 13% FX adjusted. At your Analyst Day, you said that, with capital deployment, 12% to 15% EPS growth was how we should think about the Thermo model going forward. Is that still the best way to think about, given the FEI and the Affy deals that are in there, is that a good starting point for next year?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So, Derik, thanks for the question. Obviously, we'll give our guidance in early 2017 on the Q4 call. The way that I see it is you have the base operational assumptions and the capital deployment assumptions. And if I think about the environment, the environment looks very similar to what it was in May. So that puts us in a range of 4% to 6% organic growth in terms of that. And in terms of capital deployment, we will clearly benefit from the accretion that we get from FEI on a year-over-year basis, and certainly the accretion that we get from the Affymetrix transaction. So at a high level, the way you articulated it I agree with. You obviously have to work through all the math, but given the strong acquisitions that we've done this year, we're going to get a nice contribution to our earnings from the capital deployment actions in this year.
Derik de Bruin - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: And then just one quick follow-up. So was there any signs at all that delayed equipment purchases in the academic labs in both/either the U.S. or Europe?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: The academic end markets, the government end markets, were very similar to what we saw in Q2, with the U.S. growing in the low-single digits and the rest of the world a little bit more muted than that. And we didn't really see any meaningful changes in the trends.
Derik de Bruin - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Great. Thank you
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning, guys.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Ross.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: So I want to dig back into pharma. I was hoping you could maybe parse out what your expectations are going forward within the sub-segment by some of the key areas. So we've heard from the pharmas themselves and from the CROs and from the CDMOs sort of varying comments around demand. So can you give us a feel for what you're seeing in sort of base discovery and the tools and equipment that gets sold there versus production, which seems like it's still on fire. And then maybe your biopharma service business, just give us a feel if it's sort of consistent across the three or four key buckets and across the customer bases or if there's maybe one or two areas that you're either more or less constructive on.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: We're doing well, all right. So, I mean, that is the summary. So you can parse it different ways, and the growth is strong no matter how you parse it. Obviously, the bioproduction and the clinical trials logistics, or bio-pharma services businesses, continue to perform very well. And, you know, are growing a little bit above the rates there. But if you just kind of do the math, it implies that the rest is growing very strongly as well. So there wasn't much nuance in terms of the strong performance. I would say that our chromo-mass spec business obviously had a good quarter serving that business as well, but that's not implying that something did poorly. But given that there's been a lot of questions about what's going on in capital equipment, it's actually been pretty good. So we feel good about the end market. It's been a good nine months and it's been a good number of years. And we're well positioned.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: And I guess on the industrial side, and applied, is there any geographic bias to the weakness there? We've heard varying comments in sort of Eastern Europe much worse than Western Europe and maybe mix out of Japan, but China good. I'm just curious to see your perspective on that and where, maybe if anywhere, you're seeing any positive signs of stabilization or improvement.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: You know, from the industrial and applied markets, they declined very slightly in the quarter. As I read things outside of Thermo Fisher, just what's going on in the broader world, clearly industrial markets are soft globally. You know, it didn't seem like any particular geography really jumped out at us as a particular standout off of that. The applied markets in China continue to be good. So that's obviously positive; things like food safety and environmental protection. So that's a bright spot. But we didn't really get any particular pockets of weakness on the industrial or applied that we saw.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: You're welcome. .
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks. Marc, I want to go back to the academic markets. Obviously, there's kind of heightened sensitivity and I appreciate your business has been holding up better than others. It does seem like academic went from low single digit growth to slight growth. But can you give us a sense from your perspective on the market on what's going on? I mean, you were very positive at the beginning of the year on NIH dynamics and now we're seeing the outlays drop off about 13% in September. Obviously, university endowments are under pressure as well. So I guess what I'm trying to get to is there a risk that you might actually see this in the fourth quarter? If we go back to 3Q 2011 you saw things later than your peers. And what's the risk for bigger ticket items like cryo-em [cryo electron microscopy], which you now have with FEIC?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So, Tycho, the first thing I'd say I think we're performing incredibly well. I don't think anything other than that. And then in terms of the academic and government markets, if you go back to what we said at the very beginning of the year, right, which is probably the best way to think about what's different or what's the same, we expected that the year would start slower in the U.S. in academic and government and then build as the year went on. And actually the year started a little bit stronger than we had expected and has stayed steady with that that low single digit growth. So it came a little bit early, and it's been very steady. In terms of the other geographies, obviously, given that we expected academic and government to be a little bit better in aggregate, it basically says those must be slightly weaker, and clearly that's been offset by the strength in biopharma. So that's the sort of looking back in late January what's changed. In terms of are we off cycle versus others, I don't know. I think we're gaining share versus others. But that's my opinion. And, you know, when we thought about our range of outcomes for the year, we felt comfortable with raising the guidance at the end of Q2 to 4.5% organic growth, and we feel comfortable reaffirming that 4.5% outlook. And the way I think about it is our commercial teams cover a range of customers. We focus on where the best opportunities are, and, in a way, we don't force a lot of micro level of analysis for the investment community. It's our job to manage through it and we feel well positioned to deliver a really nice year in terms of performance.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then on FEI, one of the dynamics they had talked about prior to the acquisition was an anticipated recovery in the semi market as you had the shift to 10-nanometer production, can you maybe talk about whether your view on that has changed at all and whether we might see that at some point next year.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, so given that we own the business for nine days, you know, but obviously been working with the team for a while, the life sciences business is performing very well both with strong revenue growth and strong bookings performance. The industrial-related material sciences businesses are a little bit more muted. And as we look at the numbers, it seems like the industrial businesses have bottomed out, which is encouraging. And then, obviously, as we get into owning the business longer and, in the future, we can give you more color in that.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Tycho.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Good morning, Jack.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Marc, you know, I appreciate your perspective on the healthcare channel. There's been a little bit more noise on the provider side as of late. Just as you've talked with your customers, what are they saying about volumes? And as it pertains to the specialty diagnostics business, which of the segments need to improve to get us back to the 4% to 6% target range?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So, Jack, good question. As I think about the healthcare and diagnostic, it's very similar in Q3 to what we saw in Q2. What I would say is the more  the super high value added businesses, transplant diagnostics, the allergy and autoimmunity business, the clinical next-gen sequencing businesses, those businesses are performing very well. The more routine volume related businesses, your basic consumables you use every day, has been a little bit softer but not a change in trend. So what would have to happen for pickup in growth, two different factors could help drive it. You don't need both. Which is a little higher level of activity in the basic consumption of the products for consumables would help. And the other is, we have a number of programs that are driving our life science tools into the clinic, and they will be meaningful drivers as well. So the driving into the clinic, that's in our control entirely, and that puts us very optimistic about the mid-term prospects for the diagnostic business. And then we'll always take the upside if the markets get even better.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. That's helpful. And then just to follow-up on the Affymetrix integration, how that's going and any update on the array environment, any sequential changes you've seen there. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So, Jack, in terms of Affymetrix, let me give you an update on the integration, let me give you an update on the business performance. Integration has gone really well. We are running very smoothly there. Our synergies are running ahead of plan. We'll achieve about $11 million in synergies this year, which is $5 million to $6 million better than we had assumed for this year. In terms of the business performance, the bioscience business is doing very well, growing sharply, and that's very positive. The micro array business, like we mentioned last quarter, is soft. We expect it to be soft for a few more quarters as we really drive adoption of the precision medicine microarray, and we're obviously actively marketing that. So that's a quick update on Affymetrix.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel of Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: All right. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions, guys. Based on what we've heard from peers in the group, I think it's fair to assert that your organic revenue growth performance in the quarter and your guidance for Q4 looks fairly solid, certainly relatively speaking. Other companies do seem to have suggested that the end of the quarter was maybe not as strong as expected and that the order book at the end of Q3 and in the early part of Q4 maybe didn't build as much as they might have expected. Could you comment on end of quarter and early Q4 order trends? Relatedly, if there's anything notable by geography or end market? And I guess also relatedly, in a seemingly more uncertain environment, are there any changes you're making regarding spending or operational plans relative to how you were planning a quarter ago?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, in terms of the sequencing of the quarter, nothing really jumped out as particularly meaningful in terms of what happened in each month. And obviously we have the benefit of the first three weeks of October's results, so if they were off that trend line, that would have factored into our thinking, and it wasn't. So from that perspective, we didn't really see anything from a calendarization that was any particular impact. In terms of spending and those things, we're managing the business like we always do, which is we spend aggressively in the areas to drive value-added, and we're very conservative and frugal on the things that are low value-added, and that's kind of how we run the company day in and day out. So no significant changes on that front either.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks for that, Marc. And then a quick follow-up. Would you guys be willing to provide growth by end market in Europe and parse out how growth compared in Eastern versus Western Europe?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: I don't know the growth by end market by Europe because we don't manage the company that way. Qualitatively, Western Europe was a little bit stronger than Eastern Europe in terms of performance, but that's not a change in the trajectory over the last several quarters. But that's what we've seen. And from recollection, Germany had a pretty good quarter in terms of growth within the Western Europe, but that's not implying anything in particular about any of the other countries.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks again.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Steve, are you there?
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I am. Sorry. Got a little feedback there. Good morning and thanks for taking the questions. So we've covered a lot of ground here in the Q&A and discussions around what's going on out in the end markets. But, Marc, I wonder if you could put it into broader perspective for us and think about as you go into business planning for 2017, from your perspective, what are the two or three things that you want to focus on most acutely as you make a decision about where to put the budget within the 4% to 6% range?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, the things that I think about in planning, it always goes through the, one, new product launches and what are the exciting things we've got in the pipeline and what the impact is going to be and making sure that's well characterized. Two, any particular special causes year-over-year one way or another. And at least as I sit here today, I don't see any special effects one way or another, so next year should look like this year in terms of some of the high-level things. One of the things we mentioned at the beginning of the year, which we're continuing to execute on, which I'm encouraged about, is when the medical device tax was put on a two-year hiatus, we spent the savings on investing in some mid-term restructuring activities. We will get one more year of that hiatus and we will invest those monies as well. So there's no effect year-over-year, but that means we'll have invested about $30 million in actions to drive more efficiency in the second half of 2017 and 2018, which I think is really good and encouraging and is something that we embedded into our long-term model. So those are some of the things we're thinking about. And I know that Stephen is looking forward to giving a detailed set of guidance at the beginning of 2017.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And a follow-up for me is actually on competitive positioning. I think, as you can tell from the questions here in Q&A, we're all struggling to try to develop a broader perspective on the environment, given the fairly varied results in terms of growth from the companies in broader lifescience tools and diagnostics here over the last few weeks. Marc, do you think that you're getting stronger over the course of the year in terms of your competitive positioning? Is market share, even in certain specific verticals, a driver for you more so than it was even 12 months ago now that, in some areas, thinking about eCommerce, you're a stronger player than arguably you were 12 or 24 months ago?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, it's our job to widen the gap versus others in the industry every day, right? That's what we're paid to do is to make the company stronger and get better every day. And when I think about how we're performing this year, I think the company is performing very well. I'm very proud of the effort and the capabilities of our team, and they're delivering. So I think that's very positive. Obviously, we benefit from the strong competitive position we have. We have a very strong eCommerce platform, as you said. We have the largest commercial team. We have the best commercial team, in my mind. And, when I think about it, we've got great products; we've got a unique position in the emerging markets, which allows us to capitalize on those opportunities. I highlighted a couple during the quarter, but the way I really believe it is when I visit a customer in China, it's rationale for them to doing a disproportionate amount of their business with us because they simply get a better experience. We've got better people, better supply chain, and a more comprehensive set of offerings. So I think we're very well positioned, and we feel good about the outlook for the balance of the year and certainly as we get into 2017 and beyond.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Really appreciate the perspective. Thanks again.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, guys. Thank you. Just maybe one more question on the academic side. We're obviously trying to reconcile what we've seen elsewhere in the sector this earnings season versus what you guys are saying, which is clearly more dovish. And as we look at the end of this year and into next year, it seems like the overall budget, at least in the U.S., should be a little bit better, Europe hopefully stable, and China hopefully better. So if we look at sort of the global picture for academic funding, is there any reason to think why we might see pockets of softness? And I know you guys can only speak for yourselves, but as the prior question pointed out, we're just trying to reconcile disparate data points in the context of a generally better funding environment
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, I guess it's hard for  there's always challenges in the world. We do our very best to navigate through them so that we don't have to spend a lot of time explaining all of the things that go wrong. I think we do a good job of that because we deliver good results consistently. I guess it's  I really can't reconcile for you. I think the only two comments I can make is that, we had very good growth in chrome and mass spec. So if I look at what I have read about that, we did really well in that end market. And when I look at our clinical next-gen sequencing business, we grew very quickly. So I really can't reconcile for you what others are saying. It's hard to do.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Sure, sure. I understand that. Maybe I'd just follow up on the NGS comment you guys called out in the script. You mentioned it again here. Can you talk a little bit about the types of customers where you think you're seeing the most traction? Clearly, it's a high growth marketplace, and a rising tide floats all boats, but it has been a market where we had one pretty strong player here, and in the context of that competitive dynamic, I'm interested to know where you guys are finding the best upside and kind of the path forward to continue that momentum. Thank you
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Yeah, Isaac, our business is really focused on the clinical applications of sequencing, and we benefit from the ease of use, the low capital cost, and, most importantly, the very low volume of sample that you need to run oncology panel on our sequencer. And that's allowed for really good adoption, and you're seeing a steady cadence of new assays that we're launching, which reaffirms to our customers that we're investing and meeting their needs. So that's the area that we have seen good momentum in. Thanks, Isaac.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Arias of Citi. Please go ahead.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yeah, hi, good morning. Thanks, guys. Marc, maybe just on pricing, obviously a mixed operating environment for interest and sales with industrial pretty choppy but pharma doing well. So can you maybe just touch on net pricing in the AI business and then what your expectations there are as we look out a bit?
Stephen Williamson - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Hi, Dan, this is Stephen. I'll take the pricing one. So we look at pricing in total for the company, and we're about 60 basis points of price. So it's very consistent with what we've seen for the rest of this year, and actually what we saw pretty much for all of last year. We're kind of lapping some of the things that we did in Japan in terms of the FX offsets, but that's going to be offset by some pricing actions we're taking in the UK as well. So pricing has been pretty consistent for us.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. Okay. And then maybe just a follow-up on China and what you're seeing there with the precision medicine programs that you highlighted. I'm just curious about how you're finding predictability there or just maybe visibility there. Any reason that would be more or less sort of speculative in nature than some of the other things going on in China?
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: We've been on a really nice consistent roll for a number of quarters, and having visited China twice last quarter, the business is performing well, the bookings are strong, the outlook is good, and so we really haven't seen anything that would say that visibility is any different or if there's any particular storm clouds on the horizon. The business seems to look good, and we're benefiting from our strong competitive position here.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks very much
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: Operator, we have time for just one more.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Sung Ji Nam of Avondale Partners. Please go ahead.
Sung Ji Nam - Avondale Partners LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. Marc, I was wondering, you know, you guys seem to have a pretty unique diagnostic business with decent margins. Given your recent announcement about the cancer  your participation in the cancer moon shot initiative, and I believe you also have a prostate cancer testing under development, I was curious as to if your kind of interest in the diagnostic market has shifted a little bit and potentially considering, you know, higher risk opportunities.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: We have a really strong position there. It's been a core part of our business for a long time. But we really haven't changed the risk profile of it as much. We do have, obviously, a couple big investment areas that will position us for accelerating growth over time. One is in the adoption of clinical next-gen sequencing into those applications, and our announcement, as you highlight, on the cancer moon shot is an example of that. And the other is obviously in the area of mass spectrometry where we've got a fairly big program as well. So we're not really taking a different strategy, but we've been pursuing for a number of years on driving new applications into the clinic while benefiting from a very strong highly profitable consumables business.
Marc N. Casper - Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.: So, thank you for the question. Let me wrap up with just a quick comment, which is as I reflect back, we're certainly on track to deliver another excellent year, and we look forward to announcing our year-end results early in 2017. And, of course, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth Apicerno - VP, IR Marc Casper - President and CEO Stephen Williamson - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jack Meehan - Barclays Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company Jonathan Groberg - UBS Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Dan Arias - Citigroup Paul Knight - Janney Montgomery Sung Ji Nam - Avondale Partners
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2016 Second Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin.
Kenneth Apicerno: Good morning. And thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note, this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts & Presentations until August 26, 2016. A copy of the press release of our second quarter 2016 earnings and future expectations is available on the Investors section of the website under the heading Financial Results. So, before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the Companys future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Companys quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 02, 2016, under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and also available in the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during this call, well be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our second quarter 2016 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So with that, Ill now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thank you, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Were pleased you could join us today for our Q2 earnings call. We had another great quarter with strong performance on the top and bottom line. We have a proven growth strategy, our team is executing well, and we continue to strengthen our offerings that help our customers meet their goals. Our result in Q2 contributed to a very good first half of the year. Were also successfully executing our capital deployment strategy. As you know, a big highlight in the quarter was our agreement to acquire FEI. Were really excited about the new opportunities this will bring, and Ill discuss that in more detail later in my remarks. As usual, Ill start by covering the Q2 financial highlights, give you a little color on our performance by end-markets and provide a recap of the quarter in the context of our growth strategy. Then, Ill wrap up with our revised guidance. Starting with the financials, revenue in Q2 grew 6% to $4.54 billion. Adjusted operating income was up 9% and our adjusted operating margin increased 50 basis points to 22.8%. Last but most important, we extended our long track record of delivering strong adjusted EPS growth, with a 10% increase to a $2.03 per share. So, with another strong quarter behind us, were in a great position at the halfway point of the year. As you know, the global economic environment remains uncertain, but were using this as an opportunity to help our customers manage through it, and that will strengthen our competitive position and allow us to continue to gain share. Let me now turn to a high level view of our performance in the context of our key end-markets. If we step back and look at the first half, our strong results were really a combination of good end-markets in aggregate and very good execution. Looking specifically at Q2, we were pleased to see continued strong growth in pharma and biotech, which grew in the high single digits. Were benefiting from both the underlying strength of this end-market and our ability to successfully deliver our unique proposition to these customers. Growth in our bioproduction business was particularly strong in Q2. In healthcare and diagnostics, we grew at about the Company average, highlighted by strong performance in our ImmunoDiagnostics and next generation sequencing businesses. In academic and government end-markets, we continued to deliver low single-digit growth. And, finally, we saw a continuation of low single-digit growth overall in industrial and applied. As we see for quite a time, industrial markets remain soft and applied markets continue to perform well, with especially strong growth in China and our chromatography business globally. Now, I will cover some of our Q2 business highlights in the context of our growth strategy. As most of you know, we increased our capabilities for our customers and drive growth for our Company by focusing on three strategic pillars, which are: High-impact innovation; scale in emerging markets; and delivering our unique customer value preposition to gain share. So, let me start with innovation where we participated in a number of major conferences in Q2, representing a broad cross-section of our customer base from cancer research to bioproduction, mass spectrometry and applied markets. There are great opportunities for us to demonstrate our leadership and our commitment to our mission, which is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. I use that as a framework to cover a few of the highlights. First, healthier: We exhibited our leading offering for bioproduction customers at INTERPHEX. In addition to our expanded line of single-use containers, we featured new products from our recent acquisition of ASI such as the ImPULSE single-use mixing system for biotherapeutics. We continue to benefit from strong demand for these technologies as our customers rapidly adopt single-use technology for the production of biologics and vaccines. At ASMS, we launched our new Q Exactive BioPharma mass spectrometer, which we designed specifically to help pharma and biotech customers more efficiently discover and develop new drugs. As these systems become more powerful and data much more plentiful, customers need to better track, manage and share their results, as well as connect and monitor their instruments. We ramped up our efforts to address these rapidly changing needs and also launched a suite of new software and cloud-based solutions at ASMS to support range of applications. So, back to our mission. In terms of enabling a cleaner world, the big event for applied markets in the quarter was analytic test, which has held in Europe. Sustainability is especially important to these customers and a key area of focus for us as well. We featured a range of laboratory equipment design for a cleaner lab including our new TFX ultra-low temperature freezers that use natural refrigerants and reduce energy consumption. We also featured biosafety cabinets that require 75% less energy to operate. Last, a good example of safer is that our Gemini handheld chemical analyzer won the 2016 Edison Award for forensics and security. To remind you, Gemini was the first instrument to integrate Raman and FTIR spectroscopy in the handheld device that can be used by hazmat teams, first responders and military personnel in the field. These are just some of the many examples of how we fulfill our mission by helping our customers meet their goals. Turning to emerging markets, our second pillar of growth, we had another strong quarter in these geographic regions with standout results in China, South Korea, India and Southeast Asia. To mention a couple of highlights, China continues to be a great market for us, and we delivered another strong quarter with growth in the mid-teens. Our businesses across the Company continue to benefit from growth in applied markets such as environmental and food safety as well as life sciences which is expanding into new fields like precision medicine. In June, we announced our partnership with the West China Hospital of Sichuan University to develop a joint platform for advancing research in precision medicine. This is one of the largest single site hospitals in the world, and were looking forward to helping our customers there, improve the quality of pathology research and clinical diagnostics. This exciting opportunity underscores the importance of precision medicine as a global initiative and one that was identified as a key priority in Chinas new five-year plan. In other emerging markets, robust growth in South Korea was driven by our leading presence in biopharma. Its also great to see our investments in India paying off with another strong quarter of growth. We had strong performance in Southeast Asia as well. And I was travelling their last month and visited our regional headquarters in Singapore. We continue to expand our centre of excellence in Singapore, which now supports manufacturing of our GC-MS products in addition to our life science solutions instrumentation. This site is a very good example of how were leveraging our scale to better serve our customers while improving the overall cost structure of our Company. Ill make one last comment relative to the third pillar of our growth strategy, which is our unique customer value proposition. I mentioned precision medicine in my recap of China, and I want to give you another example of our efforts here because it illustrates how our scale and depth uniquely position us to play a key role. Precision medicine involves using a patients biological information down to the molecular level, to more effectively treat their disease. Cancer is a natural area of focus, and this information is being used to diagnose and treat a patients specific type of tumor. We had a significant presence at the American Association for Cancer Research where we featured a range of technologies suited to this important work including CRISPR and siRNA libraries, the iS5 and S5 XL next generation sequencing systems as well as our leading mass spectrometry platforms. Our scientists also led numerous sessions on this topic covering solutions ranging from next gen sequencing to liquid biopsy, qPCR-based pharmacogenomics and targeted mass spectrometry. Its clear that our customers are committed to finding better ways to treat this terrible disease, and our unmatched capabilities can help them accelerate their progress. Let me switch topics now and turn to capital deployment. We had big news on that front in late May, committing $4.2 billion to acquire FEI. This is a really exciting development, given FEIs unique strategic fit with our Company and specifically within Analytical Instruments. As you know, we have an exceptional track record of developing Orbitrap mass spectrometry for protein identification and characterization, and its been the foundation of our highly successful franchise. FEIs CryoEM system is also being used in protein research, specifically for the structural analysis of proteins. By combining these technologies of one company, well be in the best position to help our customers capitalize on the rapid growth in structural biology. While FEI made progress moving more into life science applications, our unmatched presence in industry will accelerate adoption with these customers. Since the announcement, Ive had a chance to interact with quite a few of our future FEI colleagues and it reinforces to me what a great business this is, its well-managed, has excellent technologies, and a talented and enthusiastic team. Its going to be a great addition to our analytical instrument segment and a key growth driver to our Company. Let me also add that were making good process towards closing the transaction. We now expect to close by the end of this year, versus our initial estimate of early 2017. The integration from both companies are in place, planning is underway, and were very confident in our ability to achieve the $80 million of total synergies we laid out when we announced the transaction. Now, let me give you a quick update on our guidance for 2016. As you saw in our press release, were updating our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance for the year. As usual, Stephen will cover the details and assumptions but in summary, were revising guidance based on our strong operating performance for the first half, as well as for the more unfavorable foreign exchange environment. We now expect revenue for the year to be in the range of $17.84 billion to $18.0 billion. This would result in 5% to 6% growth over 2015, in line with our previous guidance. Were raising our adjusted EPS guidance to a new range of $8.07 to $8.20, which is 9% to 11% increase year-over-year. Before I turn the call over to Stephen, let me summarize my remarks with a couple of takeaways. We had another strong quarter of financial performance, which contributed to great first half. Were executing our growth strategy and complementing that with strategic acquisitions like FEI. Were in an excellent position at the halfway point and on track to achieve our goals for the year. With that, Ill now hand the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson.
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Marc; and good morning everyone. Ill begin with an overview of our second quarter financial performance for the total Company; then, Ill provide some color on our four segments; and conclude with an updated 2016 guidance. So, starting with the overall financial performance for Q2, as you saw in our press release, we grew adjusted EPS by 10% to $2.03. GAAP EPS was $1.30 up 2% through Q2 last year. On the top line, our reported revenue grew 6%, year-over-year. Q2 reported revenue increased 4% organic growth, 3% growth from acquisitions while currency translation decreased revenues slightly. Please note the components of the Q2 change do not sum due to rounding.  Given the FX volatility, I thought itd be helpful to provide a little more color on the impact of foreign exchange in Q2. The revenue impact was a headwind of $16 million, but due to the mix of currency changes, the impact to adjusted operating income was actually a $4 million positive tailwind, resulting in a slight benefit to margins for the quarter and a $0.01 positive impact on adjusted earnings per share. At the very end of the quarter, rates changed significantly, and were expecting foreign exchange headwinds on both revenue and adjusted operating income for the remainder of the year. Ill provide more detail on this later, when I go to the assumptions for our updated guidance. Looking at our growth by geography in Q2, both North America and Europe grew in the low single digits; Asia Pacific grew in the low double digits with continued strong momentum in China, good growth in South Korea, Southeast Asia and India. And the rest of the world declined mid-single-digits. Turning to our operational performance, Q2 adjusted operating income increased 9% and adjusted operating margin was 22.8%, up 50 basis points from Q2 of last year. Looking at the components of our adjusted operating margin performance in Q2, we achieved good margin expansion from our organic growth, driven by robust contributions from our PPI business system, price and volume. As we expected, Affymetrix was a 30 basis-point headwind on margins in Q2, but this was offset by the FX tailwinds that I just mentioned. Moving on to the details of the P&L, total Company adjusted gross margin came in at 48.6% in Q2, up 60 basis points from the prior year. The increase in adjusted gross margin was primarily due to strong productivity, acquisitions and the FX tailwind, partially offset by unfavorable business mix. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 21.8% of revenue, which is up 10 basis points versus Q2 2015. And R&D expense came in at 4% of revenue, down 10 basis points versus Q2 last year. And R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue in the quarter was 6.2%. Looking our results below the line, net interest expense was $106 million, up $11 million from Q2 last year, mainly as a result of financing related to capital deployment activities during the quarter. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 13.5%, which is 50 basis points lower than last year, as a result of our tax planning initiatives. And average diluted shares in the quarter were $396.7 million, down $4.8 million year-over-year, mainly as a result of the share buybacks we completed in Q1, partially offset by stock option dilution. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, cash flow from continuing operations for the first half of the year was $1.2 billion, and free cash flow was $970 million after deducting net capital expenditures of $210 million. This is $310 million higher than the first half free cash flow in 2015. We ended the quarter with $665 million in cash and investments; and in Q2, we paid $60 million of dividends. As you know, we were very active in deploying capital during the first half of this year. Weve acquired Affymetrix for $1.3 billion, executed $1 billion of share buybacks in Q1, and distributed about $120 million in shareholder dividends for a total of $2.4 billion in the first half of the year. In addition, we signed an agreement to acquire FEI committing an additional $4.2 billion of capital. Our total debt at the end of Q2 was $14.1 billion, down $900 million sequentially from Q1, as a result of paying down short-term debt. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.2 times total debt to adjusted EBITDA, down from 3.5 times at the end of Q1. And wrapping up my comments on our total Company performance, ROIC continues to improve. Our trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC at the end of Q2 was 9.8%, up 20 basis points sequentially from Q1. So with that, Ill now provide you with some color on the performance of our four business segments. Starting with the Life Sciences Solutions segment, reported revenue increased 13% in Q2, and organic revenue growth was 7%. In the quarter, we continued to see very strong momentum in our bioproduction business, and had good growth in our nextgen sequencing and bioscience businesses. Q2 adjusted operating income in Life Science Solutions increased 14%, and adjusted operating margin was 28.9%, up 30 basis points year-over-year. Adjusted operating margin was positively impacted by strong productivity and volume pull-through, partially offset by unfavorable business mix, acquisitions, and strategic investments. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue increased 2% in Q2 and organic revenue growth was 3%. In the quarter, we had strong growth contributions from our chromatography and mass spec, and our environmental instruments businesses, partially offset by continued weakness in some of our industrial markets. Q2 adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments increased 4% and adjusted operating margin was 18.3%, up 30 basis points year-over-year. Very strong productivity, volume leverage and favorable FX were partially offset by unfavorable business mix and strategic investments. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics segment, in Q2, reported and organic revenue, both grew 4%. We saw a good growth in the segment, led by the ImmunoDiagnostics business. Adjusted operating income increased 5% in Q2 and adjusted operating margin was 27.9%, up 10 basis points from the prior year. Adjusted operating margin was driven by productivity, volume leverage, and foreign exchange offset partly by the impact of strategic investments and unfavorable business mix. And finally, in the Lab Products and Services segment, Q2 reported revenue increased 6% and organic revenue growth was 5%. We had good growth across all businesses in the segment. Adjusted operating income in the segment increased 8% and adjusted operating margin was 15.5%, up 10 basis points from the prior year. Adjusted operating margin expansion in the quarter was driven by productivity and volume pull-through with partial offsets from strategic investments and unfavorable business mix. Now, Ill review the details of our full year 2016 guidance. There are two primary changes from our previous guidance. First, were increasing our guidance based on strong operational performance; and second, were factoring in the recent changes in foreign exchange rates. And Ill take you through each of these in detail. The first is the increase in our operational performance outlook. With the good first half behind us, were increasing our expected organic growth for the full year from about 4% to about 4.5%. This increases revenue at the midpoint by $60 million from our previous guidance. The stronger organic growths outlook results in additional $0.035 of adjusted earnings per share at the midpoint. Given that were one quarter further in the year, were also narrowing the range of our revenue guidance from $180 million to $160 million and narrowing our adjusted EPS range from $0.14 to $0.13. The second change relates to the impact of FX. And as Im sure youre all aware, rates have moved significantly in the past several weeks. Given the continued uncertainty around FX rates, weve once again taken a conservative approach to arrive at the FX impact for the year. As a result, the change in FX reduces our revenue guidance for the year by an additional $19 million and reduces our adjusted earnings per share guidance by an additional $0.02. Our 2016 guidance, now assumes the year-over-year FX headwind of $180 million of revenue or 1.1%, $42 million of adjusted operating income, and $0.10 of adjusted earnings per share. In terms of phasing of the $0.10 during the year, weve already incurred $0.05 of the headwind year-to-date and were assuming $0.03 headwind in Q3 and $0.02 in Q4. So, to sum all this up, the revised 2016 revenue guidance range is $17.84 billion to $18.0 billion, which represents 5% to 6% growth versus 2015, similar to our previous guidance. At the midpoint, revenue is increasing $60 million due to the improved operational performance outlook and decreasing $90 million with additional foreign exchange headwind. In terms of adjusting earnings per share, our increased 2016 guidance range is now $8.07 to $8.20 with a midpoint of $8.135. This represents growth of 9% to 11% versus 2015, also consistent with our previous guidance. Excluding the FX impact, this would represent adjusted earnings per share growth of 10% to 12% for the year. The midpoint of the adjusted earnings per share is increasing $0.015 with the additional $0.02 for foreign exchange headwind being more than offset by the $0.035 of improved operational performance. And were now expecting 60 to 70 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion year-over-year; this is slightly improved my previous guidance of 50 to 70 basis points, primarily as result of the change in FX. So, given the days impact on our 2016 fiscal calendar, I thought itd also be helpful to add some more color around phasing. As a reminder, our Q1 had four more days and our Q4 will have four less days in the equivalent quarters in 2015. In Q1 2016, I reported organic growth was 10%, and we estimated the days-adjusted organic growth in that quarter was approximately 5%. As we look to Q4, given the days will be a headwind in that quarter, were expecting reported organic growth in Q4 to be essentially flat, consistent with our previous guidance. The days had a positive impact on Q1 and will have corresponding negative impact on Q4 organic growth. Overall, for the year, there is no impact. One final comment about the calendar, as I mentioned on pervious calls, in Q4, well have the benefit of four less days of cost, which we all expect to significantly benefit our adjusted operating margin and earnings in the quarter. So, as you think about the phasing of our adjusted earnings per share in the second half of the year, at the mid-point, we currently view approximately 55% being realized in Q4. A few other details behind the revised 2016 guidance, acquisitions are still expected to contribute about 2% to our reported revenue growth in 2016 and FX is expected to be about 1% headwind. We continue to expect net interest expense to be about $390 million. Were forecasting our adjusted income tax rate to be about 14%, no change from our previous guidance. In terms of capital deployment, we are still assuming we will return approximately $240 million of capital to shareholders through dividends. And our guidance does not include any future acquisitions, divestitures or stock buybacks. Full year average diluted shares are estimated to be about 398 million, slightly lower than our previous guidance. And were expecting net capital expenditure to be approximately $440 million, consistent with previous guidance. And finally were expecting about $2.72 billion of free cash flow for the full year 2016; this is also consistent with our previous guidance. As always, in interpreting the revenue and adjusted EPS guidance rages, you should focus on the mid points as the most likely view of how we see the results playing out. So, in summary, we delivered another strong quarter in Q2, which positions us well at the halfway point to achieve our 2016 financial goals. With that, Ill turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth Apicerno: Thanks, Stephen. Operator, were ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Derik de Bruin: On the Analytical Instruments business, did you just talk a little bit about what the industrial headwinds have been to that business? And also just look back on a broader perspective on the overall Thermo business, can you talk little bit about just what the overall industrial is? And this is going to leading to a question on potential fallout from slowing in Europe as a result of the Brexit and just if you are seeing anything there?
Marc Casper: Sure, Derik. Lets start with the Analytical Instruments. So, there are two business units within that segment, chroma [ph] mass spec continues to grow high single digits and grew that in the quarter. Our chemical analysis, which is really the industrially related business, is declined in the mid single digit. So, when you kind of look at it versus the various kind of sub peers chroma [ph] mass spec continues to do extraordinarily well in the marketplace and chemical analysis is operating like most of the peers are very heavily industrially oriented. Towards the second part of your question, more of the broader Thermo Fisher industrial and applied exposure, about 20% of our revenue is industrial and applied; roughly half of that is applied and half is industrial. Applied markets continue to be strong. As I mentioned in my remarks, China continues to be very good for us. In the industrial markets, we really havent seen any inflection point; its really been continued soft conditions which weve had over the last few years. And then, in terms of Europe and Brexit, really just given how late the UK announcements came in at quarter, really had no impact in terms of the revenue outlook. It obviously had a lot of movement in volatility, and there might have been a little conservatism in the UK spend itself, but nothing significant in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan: I wanted to ask a little bit about China and the underlying drivers there for the mid-teens growth. Could you remind us the rough mix of the end-markets there and just how strong was applied in the quarter?
Marc Casper: So, in terms of our China business, in China at the end of last quarter really good strength across the end-markets. The pure industrial continues to be soft but applied markets very good, healthcare was very good in the quarter, as well as big focus on the life sciences area, which is the convergence of historically, life science tools into the diagnostic applications with precision medicine. While we dont manage our business by the end-markets, we manage by our businesses, what you see is in that particular end-market, applied markets because of the importance of environmental protection and food safety, is much larger as a percent of the total mix than the other markets around the world. So, those markets are good. China continues to deliver very strong growth, and bookings once again exceeded revenue in the quarter and it bodes well for the short-term as well.
Jack Meehan: And then, just one follow-up on biopharma high single-digit in the quarter, I caught some of the feedback on bioproduction. Could you just maybe talk about the consumable service, clinical trial logistics, just how some of the other segments within there, performing will be great? Thank you.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, in terms of biotech and pharma customers, another strong quarter, because of the benefits of both the good end-market as well as really how well our value proposition resonates. In the quarter, the high single digit growth, it really had the most challenging comparison year-over-year. So, that end-market continues to perform well. Bioproduction was the strongest of the businesses; the consumables channel business had a good quarter there as well as did biosciences. We did get growth in our clinical trials logistics business, a little bit slower growth than the last few quarters, but that was something we anticipated because of very, very strong comparison in Q2. So, the fundamentals there are good and the outlook continues to be strong in the biopharma end-market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Marc, maybe to follow up on that last line of question for life science solutions, can you maybe just talk about how much of the outsized performance there is bioprocess versus nextgen sequencing? And on the latter point, are you starting to drive some revenue synergies between what were you doing on the sequencing side and what the addition of Affymetrix would raise?
Marc Casper: Sure. So, in terms of the life science solutions business, had a very strong quarter, and it really is driven by good performance across the businesses. So, when you look at it, bioproduction had a very strong quarter, biosciences continues to grow well. Our nextgen sequencing business grew very strongly in the teens, and our genetic analysis business had organic growth that was also quite stable across all of its platforms. So, very strong execution across the quarter; obviously, the fastest growing portions are bioproduction and the nextgen sequencing businesses.
Tycho Peterson: And then, as a follow-up to go back to Dereks question earlier on industrial, we have seen I guess more constructive commentary from some of your peers, [indiscernible] had a good quarter, Danaher talked a little bit more positively about a recovery. Can you maybe just talk about when you think you bottom out on the industrial side, and do you expect it to pick up in the back half?
Marc Casper: Yes, I would say -- I am not -- while I have an economics degree, I am not an economist, and Im not going to call the bottom. When I look at the various reports, they were quite mixed, Granger [ph] had very negative outlook, some companies were very positive, specifically about the industrial end-markets. So, I think its too early to call a bottom. But, if we see it, obviously that would be clearly a positive upside because were not baking in any improvement in the balance of the year. So, if that happens, that clearly would drive us above the organic growth rates that Stephen outlined.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Ross Muken: So, one of your peers this week sort of dropped idea that possibly this CapEx cycle for pharma will look different than prior and that maybe the sort of period will be elongated or we may actually not see sort of a down part of the cycle. And so, I guess as you step back and you think about, obviously you have a more unique view point into a broad base of biopharma, whats your sort of view on the sustainability of sort of the current trend and what is the pushes and pulls, whether its some the emerging market pharma that are growing well, and the level of visibility or your feeling on that relative to maybe time past?
Marc Casper: So, youre clearly seeing an expansion of the biopharma industry in terms of the activity, not necessarily where drugs are consumed, but the activity in the South Koreas, the Chinas of the world. So, I think back over various cycles, they become so small relative to the U.S. and western Europe but more meaningful. So, thats clearly a positive. Weve seen good growth there. India has been a good growth driver as well. So, its encouraging from kind of longevity. When you look at whats going on, I think the single biggest driver is that the quality of the research and new entities getting approved, right? And because the funding ultimately is Western Europe and the U.S., and as long as drugs are getting through to the market and demand is strong there, they will be funding thats very robust in R&D. So, its less to me cyclical than right now they are in a sweet spot of the science turning into drugs thats turning into demand for our products. So, we feel good about it. And the fact, even in what I think is very good end-markets, there is an efficiency driver amongst that customer base, whether its small biotech or large pharma, and that plays to our sweet spot for sure. We see it in the results across quarter in and quarter out, the very strong performance in the biopharma customer set for us. So, we feel very well-positioned in a good end-market.
Ross Muken: And maybe just, it seems like broadly on the life sciences solution side, you had a good numbers and Id say generic business did well. What about Affy? Obviously that one, youve now seen a little bit in terms of being in the organization, not very long but enough to sort of get your hands around it. How are you feeling about sort of the different components there? And then in general, I think at the Analyst Day, you sort of highlighted the flow business a bit. I mean how are you feeling about that end-market?
Marc Casper: Sure. So, let me give you our first read on Affy, we dont refer basically one quarter. The integration is going extremely well. We continue to be on track to deliver the EPS accretion for 2016 loss that we outlined, which is about $0.06. Synergies are running ahead of schedule in terms of timing on the cost side, so thats very good. The eBioscience business is performing well; the flow cytometry market looks attractive. Our Attune flow cytometer has good adoption, the revenue synergies there should come out very strong. So, of all thats very positive. The microarray business is softer than we had seen before. And really whats going on in microarray is that before the close of the transaction, the primary competitor micro will raise really dramatically drop [ph] price and then Affymetrix as an independent company chose not to follow suit. So, in Q2 we focused the R&D and marketing teams on addressing that competitive dynamic. And in early July, you may have noticed that we launched the Axiom Precision Medicine Research Array. And thats a broad base genotyping array thats very valuable in providing interesting information around health questions. And were offering that at very attractive price points. So, generally, I feel good about the integration, the synergies, the accretion, and the flow and eBio business. And we are putting some countermeasures in place for microarrays.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Doug Schenkel: My first question is on the academic government end-market. Does your guidance still embed an expectation that U.S. academic government demand picks up with the release of funding in the second half of this calendar year? And in Japan, recognizing others in the group have indicated that academic research demand was pretty weak in Q2, Im just wondering if this is something youre seeing as well.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Doug, from an academic and government perspective, as I mentioned, we grew in the low single digits. Q1, we saw a bit of an uptick in the NIH release of funds; Q2 was consistent with that improvement. And we expect the balance of the year kind of being consistent with that. In terms of Japan, we grew low single digits, in line with our expectations in the quarter. Academic was a little bit soft, biopharma was quite good. So, Japan for us continues to be not particularly noteworthy; its not a very big end-market and generally performing in line with expectations.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. And just one quick cleanup question. In terms of share repurchases, you did put an additional authorization in place over the last two months or so, doesnt seem like there is any change in share count assumptions embedded into guidance. So, should we think that youve an incremental share reauthorization or larger share authorization to purchase more shares in place now but thats something thats probably not going to be acted on until you get into next year and closer to the closing of the FEI M&A closure?
Marc Casper: Yes, I think thats good observation and good assumptions. Effectively -- generally, we like to have an open authorization in place. And we used up the authorization when we did our share buybacks earlier in the year. The 1.5 billion just reflects kind of consistent with our long-term capital deployments strategy; I wanted to have a little bit larger authorization. But, given how active weve been in capital deployment in the first half of the year, we dont have any immediate plans to use it. Its more just the housekeeping to have that in place to be opportunistic and consistent with our long-term capital deployment strategy.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, thats great. Thank you.
Marc Casper: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Groberg from UBS. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Groberg: Marc, at the very macro level or the high level, the quarter seems solid [ph] with a lot of moving products, it seems very much in line, not a lot of changes to your guidance. Can you maybe help us think through, as you went through the quarter, anything that was particularly noteworthy to you that maybe -- again, when it all rolled up to the top, it doesnt seem particular -- nothing really stands out but is there anything that you think that was particularly noteworthy or positive that we should be aware of?
Marc Casper: Yes, I wish it was a video conference, so I have a big smile on my face. This was actually an excellent quarter, Jon. When I think about it, many of you have heard me saying is generally, I dont like to have investors have to really think about Thermo Fisher in terms of any of the nuances because its our job to manage through the various puts and takes in the economy. We executed very well. Effectively we were able to raise our organic growth outlook for the full year, based on the half. We dont typically raise organic growth guidance during the course of the year; we typically are more focused on the EPS, so we did both, which is I think is great. When you look at the geographic strength, we went out of the way to highlight the strength in four different end markets in Asia Pacific that really is doing very well, which bodes well for the second half, given the fact that there is clearly some volatility in Europe that -- an uncertainty in Europe that we dont know, nobody knows exactly how that will play out. But given how the U.S. is doing and given how Asia Pacific is doing, were very well-positioned to have an outstanding year. Capital deployment has gone well; margins were good. So, I like the fact that there is really not a tremendous amount of nuances. Its a very clean ahead of expectations quarter and our ability to offset the FX headwinds that are there and raise guidance. And then, finally, as Stephen said in this remarks, we are a bit conservative on the outlook on foreign exchange in our guidance. And if foreign exchange stays exactly as they close on the spot rates, we actually have a little bit of upside to the guidance there. But given the volatility, we dont think it was prudent to put that in. So, really, a very good time at the halfway point of the year.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay, thats helpful. And as a quick follow-up to that Marc, if you think about the second half, as you mentioned you have the UK decision; you have the politics going on in the U.S.; you have the China precision medicine initiative, which seems to be really kicking up. I guess are you kind of handicapping your second half outlook?
Marc Casper: So, the way were thinking about it is the outlook in the second half in aggregate is similar to the very original guidance we gave at the start of the year for the second half. So effectively, first half was better than we expected, we put it all in the bank, raised our organic outlook, were assuming consistent with our original guidance for the second half of the year. Geographically, probably it will be slightly different, meaning that its likely to be Asia Pacific and U.S. a little better than Europe, but we have enough room to achieve our goals even with some up and downs in the various end markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Isaac Ro: First, a question on one product specific item and then, second on the financials. Marc, you mentioned you dont want to get too into the [indiscernible] products, but I was curious on your NGS comments, hoping to put that in context with the performing in OSS [ph] in total, just kind of curious how significant that was. And maybe curious to the extent that hat business has been doing maybe better over the last couple of years than you might have expected; is it really a function of still growing the install base or is it really about the consumables pulling through a lot of utilization on the install base you have?
Marc Casper: Isaac, I appreciate the question. And the reason I would say that I wont get too much into the details of the products is that we have such a broad range of products and really its how we manage the portfolio. But I am happy to get into the NGS discussion. We had a very good quarter. The adoption of S5 and S5 XL sequencers going really well, the feedback is very positive and customers love the ease of installation and the ease of use of the instruments, and its fantastic feedback. The other thing that was exciting and may not be as clear, but at the European Association of Cancer Research conference, we were the first company to bring to market, a kit for liquid biopsy for cancer. And that was very well received as well. So, consumable is doing well, our product development is going well, and option of instrumentation is going well in the quarter.
Isaac Ro: And then, Steve, a question on tax rate; you guys have still maintained that 14% number; it was a little better than that this quarter. So, Im wondering, if we should assume an uptick in the back half or is there a possibility that you guys could -- if the geographic mix plays out, if you could feel upside to that tax rate, in terms of better tax rate?
Stephen Williamson: So, were still guiding to 14% for the full year. I see thats where it will end up, given what I can see now in terms of the desecrate items. The lower tax rate in Q2 was really due to the timing of some of the discrete tax planning activities coming in stronger in Q2. I expect that to continue in Q3, so similar tax rate in Q3 versus Q2 and slightly high in Q4, but overall for the year, 14%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Steve Beuchaw: Marc, if I look at the growth rate in China in the quarter, on the one hand, its clearly a very good number, but then when I consider the comp and how tough it was, its actually the best quarter, growth wise youve had in China in I believe at least a few years. So, I wonder, given that context if you could refresh your thoughts the impact of some of the initiative were seeing China, as much as they relate, not so much to what were seeing here in 2016, but a medium term outlook there, now that youve got a little bit more evidence? And then, just one housekeeping question for Stephen. Sorry, if I missed it, but did you refresh any thinking on the free cash flow or working capital outlook for the year?
Stephen Williamson: Ill start with the second question on free cash flow. So, we didnt change the guidance; its still $2.72 billion. At the half year point, were actually doing very well, so $310 million higher than the same half year point last year, and thats where some phasing of cash taxes and cash interest, more front end-loaded this year. So, working capital is going well, still got six months to go. If we continue the way we are, we will meet or exceed the full year cash flow guidance.
Marc Casper: And Steve, youre 100% right, the stack comparison, was the best performance in China in a while. So, as you know, weve been positive on China for a very long time. And when we came out of the one soft year where we had the mid single digit organic growth couple of years ago, what youre seeing is a consistent trend of improvement. And when I -- my takeaways from my visit was, precision medicine will be a forward-looking driver but the focus on environmental, food safety as well as healthcare expansion is very positive. When I was there, I had the opportunity to meet with of the Vice Minister of Ministry of Science, and really talked about precision medicine. And that is a huge focus. So, we continue to be very bullish on the long term prospect for China.
Operator: Your next question is from the line Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research. Please go ahead. 
Steve Willoughby: I have two questions, first for Stephen. If you could just kind of walk me through a little bit what you -- how you are thinking about FX. And it was my understanding that you are largely naturally hedged in the UK. And then I was thinking you should be getting some benefit from the stronger yen. So, whats the offset thats pulling back things a bit as it relates to EPS for FX?
Stephen Williamson: Sure. So, when you look at the currencies we have overall and the year-over-year change at this point, the yen is a positive, and thats helping the overall picture for full year FX impact. Majority of the revenue headwinds, about 75% of it is coming from that change in the pound. And then the mix of all the other currencies pretty much negative against the dollar at this point. So, the mix of all of that basically gets you to where we are. Now, as I said in my prepared remarks, we have a cushion against the current spot rate. So, if current rate still stand, well have some upside to the guidance that we give. Yen is a positive but its really offset by the other pretty every single other currency.
Steve Willoughby: Okay, it makes sense. And then, just secondly, within the LSS business, its been a number of quarters now in a row where you guys are showing strong growth there. I was wondering, Marc, if you could comment at all on how much of that is end-market versus revenue synergies you might be experiencing with the Life Tech business?
Marc Casper: So, revenue synergies are very strong. And if I think about the performance there -- its really embedded in the organic growth at this point, given where we are, how long its been close to transaction. But we achieved the revenue synergies for the full year -- we had uptick of $60 million of revenue synergies; we achieved that on the first half, meaning that we will far exceed the revenue synergy number. And if youll ask about tracking, its showing up in the organic growth. So that obviously continues to be a big benefit. As Ive said other times, probably one point of the aggregate performance of the step up in Life Sciences Solutions is the end market is better than it was at the time we announced the transaction in 2013. And the rest has been just really good execution by the team, and the unique benefits that Thermo Fisher Scientifics reach brought to that business segment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Arias from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Daniel Arias: Maybe just two quick ones on the outlook, Marc, tying out the end market commentary on industrials with the softness that you are still seeing there, is flattish still the right way to think about things for the year? And then, Stephen, what at this point are you looking for in terms of the FX impact to gross margins for the year?
Marc Casper: In terms of industrial and applied, while, we dont give a precise outlook during the course of the year, flattish to low single digits is a good assumption for the industrial and applied markets for the year. In terms of the FX
Stephen Williamson: Basically, Im not expecting a significant impact on gross margins or operating margins for the full year the way the rates are today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Knight from Janney Montgomery. Please go ahead.
Paul Knight: Hey, Marc, your internet strategy is obviously helping drive organic growth in your pricing ability. Can you talk about the investments you are making there and talk about where you are with your ability to price and even to discount?
Marc Casper: Yes. So, first on pricing, another good quarter, in aggregate, about 60 basis points of price. Well look towards the change in currency rates that we saw at the end of the quarter, should create some incremental pricing opportunities. Whether that will flow this year or flow into next year hard to tell but that should be additional pricing opportunity. In terms of e-commerce, its been a really positive driver for the Company. As everybody knows, we have integrated down to two web platforms, our fishersci platform and our Thermo Fisher Scientific platform. And when you look at that, we continue to enable more products on the Thermo Fisher platform to be available on e-commerce. We took the old backbone from Life Technologies, weve been adding and recorded now -- adding new capabilities and new products that are available for purchase online. And thats really good from a customer convenience, stickiness and ultimately growth, and growth in profitability.
Paul Knight: And Marc without the metrics, any estimate on your part as to how much of an increase in their addressable customers they have with their microarray and their reagent business, is it you can open up the doors to 50% more customers, 25%, what are your thoughts there?
Marc Casper: The way I would think about it, Paul, is for the flow cytometry business and the antibody business, we really have an exquisite reach around the world, and thats going to be a very big expansion opportunity. In terms of the microarray, they were well-penetrated in the U.S. and Europe, and we will be able to expand the Asia Pacific presence where we have very strong presence in genetic analysis. Asia Pacific probably represents say 20% of the world opportunity, they obviously cover the bigger hospitals and the bigger research customers but it should be a nice expansion within that.
Paul Knight: Thank you.
Marc Casper: Operator, were going to take just one more.
Operator: Thank you. Your last question comes from the line of Sung Ji Nam from Avondale Partners. Please go ahead.
Sung Ji Nam: I just have one question. Marc, maybe if you could talk about the bioproduction business, obviously strength across the industry over the last number of quarters. And I was curious as to is the key driver essentially the number of new molecules entering the market or are there kind of other drivers like single-use technology kind of being the bigger driver or maybe if you could just talk about other drivers as well?
Marc Casper: Yes, Sung Ji, thanks for the question. So, bioproduction market continues to be very strong. We have the leadership position in both cell culture and in the single-use technologies, which is two of the four verticals within that market. Were seeing strong demand from drugs getting on market where volume really picks up. The number of drugs actually in the process development stage also is a big consumption of demand. Vaccine production and the increase in vaccines is a big driver of demand. And then, on top of all of that, for existing approaches, there has been a very large shift from stainless steel to single-use, and that also accentuates the good growth in the market. So thats been an excellent growth market for a number of years for us and one with a very bright future. So with that, let me bring the call to a close with a couple of quick comments. First, thank you for participating. We had a really strong excellent first half, thats behind us; were very well-positioned to deliver another strong year. And of course, we look forward to updating you on our progress in the third quarter. Thanks everyone.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2016 first quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note, this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, ThermoFisher.com, under the heading Webcasts & Presentations until May 13, 2016. A copy of the press release of our first quarter 2016 earnings and future expectations is available on the Investors section of the website under the heading Financial Results. So, before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's Annual Report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and also available on the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during this call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our first quarter 2016 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Ken, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased you could join us today for our Q1 call. As you saw in our press release, we're off to a strong start to the year. We delivered excellent growth in both revenue and adjusted EPS. Our great top and bottom line performance was the result of a few key factors: good growth across all of our major geographies, strong operational execution by our team, plus the added revenue benefit of four extra days in the quarter. We said last quarter that we expected to come out of the gate strong, and we did. In addition to great operational execution in Q1, we were also very active in capital deployment. We completed $1 billion of stock buybacks in the quarter, and we also closed on our acquisition of Affymetrix at the end of March, which was a quarter sooner than we originally planned. We're excited about the new opportunities we'll have with those added capabilities, and I'll talk a bit more about that later. I'll follow our usual format this morning, starting with the financial results and some commentary on our performance by end market. Then I'll cover a few of the business highlights from the quarter, provide an update on capital deployment, and wrap up with our revised guidance outlook. So starting with the financials. Revenue in Q1 grew 10% to $4.29 billion. Adjusted operating income was up 9%. In terms of our earnings performance, we continued our long track record of consistently delivering strong adjusted EPS, with a 10% increase to $1.80 per share. Let me give you a high-level view of our Q1 performance in the context of our end markets. After a strong year-end finish, we've typically seen a weaker start in Q1, but that was obviously not the case this year, even if you normalize for the four extra days we had versus last year. In our key end markets, pharma and biotech was our strongest again this quarter, as it has been for some time. This was driven by excellent growth in our bioproduction, biopharma services, and biosciences businesses. Healthcare and diagnostics grew around the company average. Academic and government was slightly below the company average, and performance overall in industrial and applied remained muted, with continued weakness in industrial end markets and ongoing strength in applied. In aggregate, the dynamics across our end markets were good, with no material change from what we saw in 2015. Our strong results in Q1 reinforced that our scale and depth of capabilities are clear differentiators across our end markets. Let me now highlight some of our key accomplishments from the quarter, which show that we continue to position Thermo Fisher for an even stronger future. As you know, our growth strategy is based on developing high-impact, innovative new products, leveraging our scale in Asia-Pacific and emerging markets, and delivering our unique customer value proposition to gain share. So starting with innovation, we kicked off the year as we always do, with a strong showing at Pittcon, which you know is a major event in the U.S. for the analytical instruments industry. Over the past couple of years, Pittcon has really evolved into an opportunity for us to showcase our Thermo Scientific technologies for applied markets. Let me give you two quick examples, first in our mass spectrometry business, then in chromatography. In mass spec, we've been adapting the advanced capabilities of our Orbitrap platform for customers working outside the research lab, in applications such as food safety, forensic toxicology, and sports doping. Our recently launched Q Exactive Orbitrap GC-MS/MS is a great example of how we've combined gas chromatography with our Orbitrap capabilities so customers can perform a comprehensive sample analysis in a single run. In our chromatography business, the big headline at Pittcon this year was our new Integrion system, a real breakthrough in high-pressure ion chromatography. It gives customers working in busy environmental, food and beverage, and pharmaceutical laboratories a flexible system for creating highly efficient and accurate work flows. Integrion significantly raises the bar on productivity and performance in applied markets. It was nice to learn that our new ion chromatography portfolio was recognized at the show as the Instrument of the Year by readers of SelectScience magazine. This was a great endorsement by our customers and speaks to the strength of this business. I'll make one more comment on innovation, because it's a great example of how we innovate to fulfill our mission, which is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner, and safer. We all know about the Zika virus, because it's been in the news a lot lately. As you'd expect, when Zika first broke out, we quickly mobilized our teams to begin working with government labs in Brazil, as well as the CDC in the U.S. Our Life Science Solutions business has been developing a qPCR-based test to detect the virus, which is currently undergoing a validation process. We're also offering an immunoassay in the U.S. for research use in partnership with the diagnostics company EUROIMMUN, and we've already begun selling this through our channel business. This is a good example of how we're seen by our customers as a thought leader who can help them solve these pressing issues. In terms of emerging markets, our second growth driver, let me first say that we saw good growth across all our key geographies in Q1, with strong performance in North America and Europe, as well as very strong performance in Asia-Pacific and emerging markets. The standout contributors were China and India, and I'll give you a little more color on what we saw in those regions during the quarter. Starting with India, our commercial teams there are doing an outstanding job of capturing growth opportunities in biopharma, healthcare, and food safety markets. In China, we performed very well in Q1. Our key focus markets, biopharma, healthcare, and environmental, remain robust. As you know, the new five-year plan was announced in March. And much of it is a continuation of the goals set forth in the previous plan, which is great for Thermo Fisher. The plan outlines investments in innovation, healthcare, and the environment. And given the industry-leading presence we've built in China, we continue to be well-positioned in this important growth market. In terms of our customer value proposition, the third element of our growth strategy, you could think of our approach here in two parts. First, we continue to enhance our offering for our customers to make our value proposition even stronger. And, second, we're focused on strengthening our commercial capabilities to best leverage our scale and depth of capabilities. Let me give you an example of each from the quarter. We enhanced our customer offering by completing our acquisition of Affymetrix at the end of March for $1.3 billion. It was great to be out with the team in Santa Clara for the day one activities, and we're excited about the opportunities we have to leverage our complementary offerings. To remind you, Affymetrix is now part of our Life Science Solutions segment. The business has a strong position in flow cytometry and antibodies, which will strengthen our biosciences offering. Its innovative microarray technologies will also open up new growth avenues for us in genetic sciences, particularly in reproductive health and ag bio. This transaction also offers attractive financial benefits. We expect to generate $70 million of operating income synergies by year three following the close: $55 million from cost and $15 million from revenue. So good financial returns, and a hand-in-glove fit with our Life Science Solutions business. The next example I want to share is the investment we've made in our ecommerce capabilities to help our customers take full advantage of our comprehensive portfolio. As I've mentioned in the past, when we acquire a business, we always look to adopt best practices that will make our company even stronger. When we acquired Life Technologies, we gained a gold standard ecommerce platform. We've since moved our Thermo Scientific products to that platform. Now our customers can go to one website for our entire self-manufactured offering, which features rich scientific content, and we'll continue to enhance it with added ecommerce functionality over time. The new website complements our FisherSci.com website, where customers can order our products, as well as those from third-party suppliers. We think of our web presence at a highly valuable tool for driving incremental revenue, and we're pleased with our progress to date. Before I cover our guidance, I'll make a quick comment on capital deployment. As you know, we have an excellent track record of creating shareholder value through our capital deployment strategy, and it's been an active first quarter. We mentioned on our last call that we had already bought back $500 million of shares in January. As you saw in our press release, we bought back an additional $500 million of shares later in the quarter as well. So including our stock buybacks, the dividend, and strategic M&A, we've deployed $2.4 billion of capital so far this year. Now let me give you a quick update on our guidance for 2016. As you saw in our press release, we're raising both our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance for the year. Stephen will get into the details, but at a high level, the increased guidance is driven by four factors: the completion of the Affymetrix acquisition in late March, a less adverse foreign exchange environment, the additional $500 million of stock buybacks, and stronger operational performance by our team. Based on these factors, we're raising our revenue guidance for the year to a new range of $17.86 billion to $18.04 billion. This would result in 5% to 6% growth over 2015. We're also raising our adjusted EPS guidance to a new range of $8.05 to $8.19 for strong growth of 9% to 11% year over year. Before I turn the call over to Stephen, let me sum up my remarks with a couple of takeaways. We started the year with excellent top and bottom line performance. We closed the acquisition of Affymetrix, and we're excited about the new capabilities it brings. We're performing very well in all key geographies and have many opportunities across our businesses to gain share. All of this positions us to achieve another strong year. With that, I'll now hand the call over to Stephen.
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin with an overview of our first quarter financial performance for the total company, then I'll provide some color on the four segments and conclude with our updated 2016 guidance. So starting with the overall financial performance for Q1. As you saw in our press release, we grew adjusted EPS by 10% to $1.80. GAAP EPS was $1.01, up 5% from Q1 last year. On the top line, our reported revenue grew 10% year over year. The Q1 reported revenue includes 10% organic growth, 1% growth from acquisitions, and a 2% headwind from foreign exchange. Please note, the components of the Q1 change do not sum due to rounding. As I mentioned on the last earnings call, the way our fiscal calendar falls in 2016, we have four extra billing days in Q1, and four less in Q4. We estimate that we received just under a 5% benefit to our organic growth in Q1 from the impact of days, the consumables revenue getting most of the impact of the extra days, while the capital equipment revenue was only marginally affected. We expect to see the opposite effect on revenue in Q4, when we have four less billing days, but there's no impact on the year as a whole. So normalizing Q1, minus the extra days, we estimate that our organic growth was approximately 5% during the quarter. Looking at growth by geography in Q1, I'll provide some color based on the 5% normalized organic growth to provide you with an understanding of the relative performance by region. Based on that, North America and Europe grew in the mid-single digits. Asia-Pacific grew in the high single digits with another strong contribution from China, and rest of the world, which represents less than 5% of our revenues, declined in the high single digits. Looking at our operational performance, Q1 adjusted operating income increased 9%, and adjusted operating margin was 21.7%, down 20 basis points from Q1 of last year. Our margin performance in Q1 was in line with our expectations. We received good expansion from our organic growth, driven by strong contributions from our PPI business system and the benefit of acquisition cost synergies, but this is more than offset by a 30 basis point negative impact from the extra calendar days and a 30 basis point headwind from foreign exchange. The impact of the extra days on margins is not that intuitive, so I thought it would be helpful to take a minute to summarize it for you. There were 66 billing days in Q1 2016 versus 62 in Q1 2015, a 6.5% increase. As I mentioned earlier, this had a positive impact on organic growth of approximately 5%. However, since the level of cost is directly correlated to the number of days, the impact on costs was the full 6.5%. So that means our costs went up more than our revenue because of the days impact. The net effect on this, on our operating margin, is the headwind of approximately 30 basis points in Q1 that I just mentioned. It's important to note there'll be a corresponding positive impact to margins in Q4 when we have four less billing days. Moving on to the details of the P&L, total company adjusted gross margin came in at 48.2% in Q1, down 110 basis points from the prior year. The decrease in gross margin in Q1 is primarily attributed to headwinds from unfavorable business mix, the impact of four extra days, and foreign exchange. Adjusted SG&A in the quarter was 22.4% of revenue, which is 80 basis points favorable to Q1 2015, and R&D expense came in at 4.1% of revenue, down 10 basis points versus Q1 last year. R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue in Q1 was 6.4%. Looking at results below the line, net interest expense was $95 million, down $6 million from Q1 last year, mainly as a result of lower average debt levels. Adjusted other income and expense was negative $1 million, which is $8 million lower than 2015, driven primarily by changes in non-operating foreign exchange. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 14%, flat to last year, and average diluted shares were $398.7 million, down $2.7 million year over year, mainly as a result of the share buybacks completed in Q1, partially offset by option dilution. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, cash flow from continuing operations through Q1 was $290 million, and free cash flow was $180 million after deducting net capital expenditures of $110 million. Free cash flow was $195 million favorable to Q1 2015. We ended the quarter with $830 million in cash and investments, and we also returned significant capital to shareholders during the quarter. On our Q4 call, I mentioned we'd already completed the $500 million in share buybacks in January. We also bought an incremental $500 million later in the quarter for a total of $1 billion in buybacks during Q1. As I'm sure you're all aware, we deployed $1.3 billion to acquire Affymetrix right at the end of Q1. And we also returned $60 million to shareholders during the quarter through our dividend. So all in all, as Marc mentioned, we deployed $2.4 billion of capital in Q1. Our total debt at the end of Q1 was $15 billion, up $2.5 billion sequentially from Q4, mainly driven by the increase in short-term debt relating to the acquisition of Affymetrix and the share buyback. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.5 times total debt to adjusted EBITDA. And wrapping up my comments on total company performance, ROIC improved in the quarter. Our trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC at the end of Q1 was 9.6%, up 10 basis points sequentially from Q4. So with that, I'll provide you with some color on the performance of our four business segments. As I highlighted for the total company, foreign exchange continued to be a headwind for the top line for our segments and impacted their year-over-year revenue growth and adjusted operating margin to varying degrees. The four extra calendar days impacted segment revenue and margins to varying degrees as well. So starting with Life Science Solutions segment, reported revenue increased 11% in Q1, and organic revenue also grew 11%. In the quarter, we continued to see strong growth in our bioproduction, biosciences, and next-gen sequencing businesses. Q1 adjusted operating income in Life Science Solutions increase 10%, and adjusted operating margin was 29.1%, down 20 basis points year over year. Operating margin was positively affected by volume pull-through, strong productivity, and the impact of days. But this was more than offset by unfavorable business mix, strategic investments, and unfavorable foreign exchange. In the Analytical Instrument segment, reported revenue increased 4% in Q1, and organic revenue growth was 6%. In the quarter, we had strong growth in our chromatography and services businesses, partially offset by continued weakness in some of our core industrial markets. Q1 adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments decreased 8%, and adjusted operating margin was 14.7%, down 200 basis points year over year. Strong productivity was more than offset by the impact of the extra days in the quarter, as well as the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange and strategic investments. The days impact was very material for this segment, approximately 200 basis points. Given the low consumables mix in the segment, the extra days had little impact on the top line, but they had the full impact on the cost base, causing significant margin compression. This will reverse in Q4, when we have four less days. Turning to Specialty Diagnostics segment. In Q1, total revenue grew 9%, and organic revenue growth was 10%. This was driven by solid growth across all our businesses in this segment. Adjusted operating income increased 7% in Q1, and adjusted operating margin was 26.9%, down 40 basis points from the prior year. Operating margin was positively impacted by good productivity and volume pull-through, but this was more than offset by strategic investments, unfavorable business mix and unfavorable foreign exchange. Finally, in the Lab Products and Services segment, Q1 reported revenue increased 14%, and organic revenue growth was also 14%. This segment continues to benefit from our strong performance in the pharma and biotech end market, with our biopharma services, research and safety market channel and Lab Products businesses all delivering very strong growth. Adjusted operating income in the segment increased 16%, and adjusted operating margin was 15%, up 30 basis points from the prior year. Margin expansion in the quarter was driven by volume pull-through and good productivity, with partial offsets from strategic investments and the headwind of the additional days in the quarter. We'll now review the details of our full-year 2016 guidance. As you saw in the press release, I'm pleased to report significant increases in both our top and bottom line guidance. The improved guidance is due to several factors: the acquisition of Affymetrix, more favorable foreign exchange rates relative to our prior guidance, additional stock buybacks completed in Q1, and stronger operational performance. I'll take you through the impact of each of these four items in turn. The first change related to guidance reflects the acquisition of Affymetrix. We expect this to deliver $275 million of revenue and $40 million of adjusted operating income over the remaining nine months of the year, and that includes our synergies. So in all, that will translate to $0.06 of adjusted earnings per share in 2016. The accretion impact of Affymetrix is very back-end loaded, given the phasing of their revenue and the strong ramp of synergies towards the end of the year. Affymetrix is dilutive to the total-company operating margin in 2016 by approximately 10 basis points. The second change to guidance relates to foreign exchange. We've increased our guidance to reflect a less adverse FX environment, increasing revenue by $200 million and adjusted earnings per share by $0.11. As you know, we've seen tremendous amount of volatility in FX rates this year, so we used an average of rates over the past couple of months for our revised guidance. Our revised 2016 guidance now assumes a year-over-year FX headwind of $90 million of revenue, $32 million of adjusted operating income, and $0.075 of adjusted earnings per share. So still a headwind for the year, but much lower than our initial guidance. The third change to guidance reflects the impact of the stock buybacks we completed in Q1. In total, we bought back $1 billion of stock in Q1. Half of this was already in our initial guidance, so the revised guidance includes an additional $0.06 for the second $500 million of buybacks we completed in the quarter. The fourth change to guidance reflects improved operational performance. Given the strong start to the year, we're raising the low end of revenue guidance by $25 million and raising the low end of adjusted EPS guidance by $0.02. So to sum all this up, the revised 2016 revenue guidance range is $17.86 billion to $18.04 billion, which would represent 5% to 6% growth versus 2015. The $490 million increase to the midpoint comes from three factors: $275 million related to Affymetrix, $200 million from an improved foreign exchange environment, and $15 million of higher organic growth. We're still expecting to deliver organic growth of about 4% for the full year, consistent with our previous guidance. In terms of phasing for the remainder of the year, given the days impact and the strong comp from last year, we expect Q4 organic growth to be essentially flat. And, as a reminder, the organic growth comp in Q2 is more challenging than the organic growth comp in Q3. Acquisitions are now expected to contribute about 2% to our reported revenue growth in 2016, and FX is expected to be a 0.5% headwind. In terms of our adjusted EPS, our revised guidance range is $8.05 to $8.19 and represents growth of 9% to 11% over our 2015 adjusted earnings per share of $7.39, with a 1% headwind from foreign exchange. To bridge the $0.24 increase in the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance, we gain $0.11 from the more favorable foreign exchange, $0.06 from Affymetrix, $0.06 from the additional Q1 share buyback, and $0.01 from operational improvements. A few other details behind the revised 2016 guidance. We are now expecting 50 to 70 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion year over year, and this includes the 10 basis points dilution from Affymetrix. We're expecting net interest expense to be about $390 million versus the $380 million in our previous guidance as a result of the incremental debt relating to the Affymetrix acquisition. We're forecasting our adjusted income tax rate to be about 14%, consistent with our previous guidance. In terms of capital deployment, we're still assuming we'll return approximately $240 million of capital to shareholders through dividends. Our guidance does not include any future acquisitions, divestitures, or stock buybacks. This is consistent with our past practice of not forecasting incremental capital deployments beyond dividends. Full-year average diluted shares are estimated to be in the range of $398 million to $399 million, down about $3 million from our previous guidance as a result of the stock buybacks we completed in Q1. And we're expecting net capital expenditure to be approximately $440 million, up slightly from the previous guidance, due to the Affymetrix acquisition. In terms of free cash flow for 2016, we now expect this to be about $2.72 billion, slightly higher than the prior guidance, due to the increase in our earnings outlook related to FX and our operational performance. There is no net free cash flow impact in 2016 from adding Affymetrix, as the operating cash flow for the nine months is offset by the cost of achieved synergies, deal fees, and the capital expenditures related to the business. In Q1, we used short-term borrowing for the acquisition of Affymetrix and the stock buybacks. Absent any other need, our intent is to pay this down during the course of the year with the cash flow we generate from operations. As always in interpreting our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance ranges, you should focus on the midpoint as the most likely view of how we see results playing out. So in summary we had a number of significant achievements this quarter while delivering solid operational results, which positions us really well to achieve our financial goals for the year. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Stephen. Jessa, we're ready to open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Good morning, guys. Thanks for all the helpful color. I guess, Marc, as we think about the end markets, where do you feel like you guys are sort of over-punching in terms of gaining share, more so? Because it looks like when we line up your growth rates versus your peer group  and obviously that's hard  it does feel on a like-for-like basis, you moved from growing in line-ish to now above the comp group. And so just help us feel for where  what market, specifically, you feel like maybe you're sort of outperforming?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Ross, good morning, thanks for the question. You know, when I look at the lens from an end market, I'd say pharma and biotech continues to be a huge strength for the company. As you know, we have a very strong competitive position because of our scale and our unique depth of capabilities. We have great relations with all of our pharma and biotech customers, and that's positioned us to do well. That end market was stronger than our expectations in the quarter also, so we were able to deliver very positive growth there. So that's an end market look. If you take another lens on the same question, which is more of a product look or a business segment look, it's an area we pay a lot of attention to. Very strong start to the year. And all my comments on this is really normalizing for the days as well so that you're getting a kind of apples-to-apples look. You know, our Lab Products business and our channel business, very strong performance. Certainly our bioproduction business not only benefits from a really good end market, but the business is performing extraordinarily well. So that clearly has been above-market growth. Our chromatography and mass spec business, that combined business, had a very strong start to the year as well. So those would be some examples where you take a product lens looking at that and say, how are we doing? That's a nice cut on products, and by the end markets, pharma, biotech, and finally China. Geographically, we're growing very, very strong, continuing the strength there.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: And maybe just following up on that. It feels like the emerging markets, you guys have done a tremendous job. China is continuing on its trajectory, and India, I think, as well has had reasonable demand. Can you just give us a picture? Seemed like that is certainly better than rest of world. What's your thought on how the various high-growth markets kind of pace throughout the rest of the year?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, when I think about the high-level comments there, China has been, for a number of years, our strongest growing market for the company of any significant market, and we continue to be very positive on the outlook for not only the short term, but for the mid- and long-term as well. India is performing well. Reasonable performance in Southeast Asia and Korea. Obviously, real pockets of weakness in Brazil and Russia, and those are very small markets for us. In aggregate, together, I think the two of them represent about 1% of our revenue, so it's not material. So it's always a portfolio. The good news is that the big ones are doing well and the ones that are very small have weakness. And you take a long-term view, those markets too will turn better, but certainly not a 2016 factor. Thank you, Ross.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Jack Meehan from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to start and ask about the Lab Products and Services. Even adjusting for the days in the quarter it continues to do a lot better than we would think. Can you maybe just talk about the channel? You mentioned some of the new ecommerce capabilities. Do you think you're taking a little bit more share? Are there any changes in pricing? What are you seeing there?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Jack, thanks for the question and good morning. In terms of Lab Products and Services business, you look back over the last number of quarters, we've delivered very strong growth. And that's been a blend of first, our biopharma services business, or our clinical trials and outsourcing business, where we don't really have much in the way of external competition. You have  the customer choice is primarily do you do it in house or do you outsource to us. And that business has performed very well for a long period of time, and that trend continued again in the first quarter. The channel business also has been doing well, really benefiting from strong demand in the biotech and pharmaceutical customer base. So that business has been a strong performer, and our self-manufacturing business within that segment, Lab Products, also did very well, where we're the largest provider of lab consumables and lap equipment in the world. That also is benefiting from strong biotech and pharmaceutical end markets.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. And then just one on academic to follow up. Just curious whether you're starting to see anything through the NIH just yet, and maybe just your visibility? I think the growth in the quarter, you mentioned, was a little bit below company average. For the full year, do you still think it's more in line? Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Jack, in terms of academic and government, what we're seeing there has been consistent with the last few quarters. Adjusted for  normalizing for days, it would be low single-digit growth. If you don't normalize for days, it would just be under the company average. We continue to be encouraged by the more favorable environment in the U.S., right? So U.S. improved in Q1, so you're starting to see the release of NIH funds, and that should continue in Q2 and Q3. So that's really been a positive, and it should be a reasonable end market from our perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Marc, we got a lot of questions on the tax rate, just obviously, given some of the things that were going on with the Pfizer-Allergan deal, and some of the things coming out of Washington. And I know the low tax rate of the company has always been one of the things that people have always asked questions about Thermo. So can you walk us through does the changes that are going on have any impact in the company, number one? And then, how sustainable is the 14% tax rate? And how should we think about that over the next few years? Thanks.
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, good morning, Derik; I'll take the question. So obviously we pay very close attention to the tax regulations and changes there, and there's regulations across the world as well as domestically, and we have a great tax team. Recently, the Treasury Department laid out kind of two new tax regulations. One set of regulations is very concentrated to reduce the impact, the benefit of inversions. And those just simply don't apply to the company. The second set of regulations were targeted at limiting U.S. companies' ability to tax-efficiently repatriate cash from overseas. And when I think about that impact on our company, our existing tax structures, which aren't impacted by these regulations, provide pretty substantial cash repatriation capacity in a very tax-efficient way. So, at this point, I don't see any material impact from the regulatory changes on the company for the foreseeable future. So bottom line is we're comfortable with the tax rate and the corporate tax planning strategies that we have in place across the company. When I think about the tax rate going forward, we'll probably talk more about this at the Analyst Day. Just to remind you, the messaging form last year is the tax rate  the earnings that accrete going forward over and above the earnings we have today generally come in at a higher marginal tax rate than the 14% that we have in place on average for the company. So, absent any other changes in terms of our structuring, the tax rate will creep up slightly. We've done a pretty good job of making sure that that doesn't happen over time. If you look back over the past three years, I think we've effectively navigated through that. Part of that comes from some structures that we can put in place with acquisitions that we do. But the rest of it really comes from just good management of our tax strategies and just thinking about the different regulatory changes. So more to come at the Analyst Day, but that's kind of a recap on how we've seen it for the last couple of years.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, that was very thorough. Thanks for the overview. I'll get back in the queue.
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Derik.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, guys. First question was on just a little bit more geographic color. I think you gave us a general sense of how things played out globally, but was curious if you could offer a growth rate in China and in Europe.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, so in terms of the growth rates, you had strong double-digit growth in China, and when you adjust that for the days, it's going to be in the teens. When you look at Europe, it grew pretty much in line with the company average in terms of growth. So it was a good, good, solid quarter in Europe as well.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, that's helpful. And then, maybe Stephen, a follow-up on margins. Appreciate all your comments regarding the puts and takes in the first quarter, and some of the corresponding benefits in the fourth quarter. But if we kind of look away from that, I was wondering if you could comment a little bit on just PPI. I know that's an ongoing focus for the company every year, and I was wondering if you could talk to a little bit about what the key initiatives are this year. And just looking for some color on the underlying efforts you guys are making to improve margins. Thank you.
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure, so yeah, think about the PPI drivers of productivity. It's a group of levers that we use and have continually used since I've been at the company. And it's kind of a combination of  larger type of restructurings where you're consolidating the footprints of the organization in terms of the manufacturing operations and the back office. It's also the micro aspect of PPI. So we're  day in, day out, we're just being better at leaning out the operations and the back office functions and kind of the way that we work. So the combination of all of that is a continual set of efforts. So there's nothing  no major shift in terms of low-cost region plays that we're doing, the footprint optimization, and the use of sourcing and pricing levers. Those are kind of continuing. But the one new thing this year, as I said on the last earnings call, is that we're looking to reinvest the benefit of the medical device tax into some longer-term projects. And one  a set of projects around the footprint and more complex footprint changes in terms of manufacturing, and then being more efficient in our financial back office. Those projects are underway and are progressing well. So I think it's just a continuum in terms of the impact of the PPI business system, and then we're kind of stepping it up a little bit in terms of using the opportunity to reinvest the medical device tax.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you.
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, thanks. Maybe just first question on biopharma. I know in your initial guidance, Marc, for the year, I think you'd kind of factored in a 600 basis point, 700 basis point headwind just from the tough comp. Maybe just  can you think about what you think the growth trajectory looks like for that segment for the rest of the year? And are there kind of larger strategic deals out there that you're looking at as well in the biopharma business, particularly around bioprocess and bioproduction?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. So, Tycho, thank you for the question. In terms of the end market, we had our easiest comparison in the first quarter. So we had a very strong start, better than we expected. As you look at the outlook for the rest of the year, we expect that the growth will continue to still be very strong, but a little bit less robust rate than what we saw in the first quarter, in terms of the biopharma end market. But it'll be our fastest-growing market for the year; that's our expectation. In terms of strategic M&A, we have a really good M&A pipeline. Bolt-ons primarily, but we consider many different transactions, and if the right ones line up, you'll see us be active. So that's kind of the normal course for us. We're always thinking about and taking actions to strengthen the company's competitive position.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then in Stephen's comments by division, he mentioned strategic investments for each of the different segments. Can you maybe just talk from a higher level where you're placing more incremental investment this year?
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So it's the usual areas around improving our commercial capabilities in some specific areas, particularly around service infrastructure, as well as some specific R&D new products introduction and product launch-type of investments. So it's  the growth areas for the top line are what we're focused on.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Tycho.
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg from UBS. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, good morning, and congratulations on a solid start to the year. So, Marc, I guess  you've answered a lot of end market questions, so I'm going to steer away from some of those. I think we get the sense as to what's changed the EPS and the impact from some of what you're seeing operationally. So I want to focus on maybe two quick things. One, on Affymetrix, can you maybe talk a little bit about how you're  a little bit more about how you're thinking of integrating that asset, and what could drive upside to the accretion that you've talked about? I know you distribute some products from Affymetrix. To me, it's always looked a little bit more like a product line. Seemed like there could be a lot of G&A overlap. So can you maybe just talk a little bit about what might drive upside to your accretion targets?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. So, Jon, we're really excited to have the business as part of Thermo Fisher and have welcomed our new colleagues. And they're not only running the business well but actively looking at how do you maximize the impact with our customer base and the competitive position? I'd break it into two different themes. One is a product theme, and one is a geographic theme. The geographic theme is quite easy, right? Where we'll be looking for upside is really the commercial reach around the world. Thermo Fisher has incredible reach, and Affymetrix was a much narrower company, so that will help over time, focusing on accelerating growth and capturing revenue synergies. And over time, we'll obviously drive to the upside to the most extent possible. From a product fit, the reason the acquisition is so compelling is really the way you framed it. Which is, it was a whole company, but really it is two great product lines that fit so incredibly tightly with our Life Science Solutions business, and we're able to combine our flow cytometry and antibody businesses and the biosciences business, which gives us a much stronger competitive position. And we're able to add the micro-array technologies to our large genetic sciences business, which really puts us in a very unique position, because we will be truly technology agnostic for solving customers' problems, because we will be the only company that has next-gen sequencing, Sanger sequencing, microarrays, and qPCR with leading positions across that array of technology. So that a customer will say, here's the challenge I have, and we will give them the optimal work flow. And these are very complementary fits. So with good execution we'll obviously focus on delivering what we committed to, and then always looking for the upside. So  from an accretion perspective, as we announced when we announced the deal in January, we see the $0.10 in the first full year, which translates to basically $0.06 this year, $0.04 in Q1 of 2017. But, as you know, as time unfolds we'll be looking for opportunities to drive to the upside. That's probably more of a 2017 benefit than a 2016 benefit.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. That's really helpful. And then just a quick follow-up. I've gone back over your comments, Marc, maybe over the last couple years. Two categories you consistently call out have been, in terms of growth, have been chromatography and actually also NGS. You're a huge company, so I'm guessing if you're calling those out, they must be particularly strong growers. Would you be willing to kind of size those businesses for us today, kind of relatively, how big they are?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The specifics doesn't matter as much, but the next-gen sequencing business is approximately a couple percent of revenue. And the chromatography business, kind of order of magnitude, just shy of $1 billion, it's a little under that. So NGS is a small business growing rapidly. Chromatography is a pretty-good sized business growing rapidly. And that really, to me, I like the chromatography business, because what you saw was Thermo Fisher, years ago, having a strong niche position, Dionex having a strong niche position. The combination is a very strong business, and the two businesses together are growing faster than what the individual businesses were growing as standalones. So that's the kinds of capabilities that Thermo Fisher Scientific brings when we combine businesses because of the very strong advantages we have from scale and depth of capabilities.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I really wanted to just try to cover two topics. One is Specialty Diagnostics; the other is innovation. So, starting on Specialty Diagnostics. This has been an area where you guys have underperformed relative to the corporate average and I think everybody's expectations, including yours, for several quarters. This quarter you did really, really well. Can you help us think about how we should think about the underlying growth rate of Specialty Diagnostics moving ahead? And are there some investments being made in Specialty Diagnostics that are driving better performance?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, in terms of Specialty Diagnostics, we are investing very significantly in areas that will create a brighter future for the growth rates in that business, right? And they don't have a big short-term impact. Very large programs in the next-gen sequencing area. Very large programs in mass spectrometry. Obviously they're driving some level of growth, but they really are positioning for the long term, right? So that's one thing, which is why, when we take a long-term perspective on the business, we're very, very bullish and optimistic about the long-term growth prospects there. In terms of the performance of the business in the quarter, a better quarter strength across really all of the businesses within the portfolio. The seasonal businesses really were no effect one way or the other, so there was no special causes. And we didn't have to talk about OEM contract and all that other stuff that was  again, had a lot of talk, but in the scheme of things wasn't that material. So it was a reasonable quarter, and really we're taking the actions to make sure that in the long term that business is a good, fast-growing business for us.
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, Doug, I don't want to take any shine off a good quarter, but just to remind you that the organic growth that I gave in my script around the segments were the reported organic growth and not the days adjusted. Days adjusted is still good in that segment, so it's about the company average. So I'd just try and remind everybody that those percentages I gave out are non-days adjusted for the segments.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Got it. All right, that's all very helpful. And I guess on the innovation topic, and some of this ties into what you described in terms of your longer-term investments or your investments in longer-term opportunities within Specialty Diagnostics, Marc. In reading your proxy, I won't read the exact language, but you noted that the percentage of 2015 revenue attributable from products commercialized in the last two years was down relative to what you saw in 2014. And relatedly you had appointed a new CSO. Can you provide a bit more detail on what changes you're making to improve this metric over the next few years? And does the strength you're seeing early in the year afford you an opportunity to maybe invest more pursuant to improving this metric? Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Doug, that's a great question. So one of the things in the metric, which is kind of fun, which is we use a very short window on momentum. So the metric was down slightly year over year, and that's primarily because the Orbitrap, one of the Orbitrap derivatives that had unbelievable success, which still has that same great momentum, came off the two-year anniversary, so they don't consider it a new product, right? So you have the ebbs and flows on the metric. When I look at the dollars of products that we're deriving from  dollars of revenue  that number's been pretty solid for the company. The actions we're taking to create an even brighter future from innovation, we have a great Chief Scientific Officer and a very strong team, and you'll get that  a little bit of a highlight of some of the things we're working on at the analyst meeting in less than a month's time. So reserve the date. I'm sure Ken has sent that out. It's the best day in New York of the year, as I know  at least from my perspective. And so you'll get a sense of it, but we're very confident about the investments we're making. And in fact, two weeks ago, I was out with 300 of our leading scientists at the company, at a symposium we were doing, where they were actually working on new business ideas and new technology ideas, leveraging the strengths of the company. And I came away just so unbelievably energized by some of the things our teams are working on. We have incredible talent within R&D. So (53:24).
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: One question on the balance between consumables and instruments. It's a little difficult, given the relative impact of the selling days issued here in the quarter, to look at on an organic basis how consumables are tracking relative to instruments. Maybe not necessarily for the quarter, but on a trailing two- or three-quarter basis. Could you give us a sense for how consumables are tracking relative to instruments? And historically, as cycles have strengthened, you might have seen a few more points of strength early on in instruments. Is that happening here? And if we see more consumable strength going forward, what does that mean on a relative basis for the potential for margin expansion?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So I'll start. When I think about the instruments business, and you look at it, very little revenue effect from days. About 6% organic growth in the quarter, in terms of how the instruments business did. Which, when you peel that back, you have a large chemical analysis business serving some very weak sectors of the industrial market, and then a very large chromatography and mass-spectrometry business. So, when you think of that level of growth, it's very strong performance, and that's been like, that bifurcation of weak industrial, weak chemical analysis, very strong life sciences, mass spec, and chromatography, has been a continuation trend. So that business is good. From the consumables mix  and pretty steady on good performance, right? Our channel business has done well; Life Science Solutions has done well. When I think about profitability, it's not a huge driver. We make a little bit more money on consumables for the self-manufactured portion, but embedded in there is the channel business. So, as you know, we don't manage the mix that way, but generally I'm not concerned by sort of the rates of growth in the businesses. In fact, the consumable growth shows that we have pretty steady, stable performance in the end markets.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then just one clarification. Can you remind us in the outlook for the year, to what extent you've incorporated expectations for stronger trends on the NIH in the back half, given the normal 3Q disbursements that one would expect? Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, so we pretty much expected the funds to flow from NIH in the first three quarters. And as you alluded, probably the strongest in Q3. But it should be reasonable in each of those three quarters during the course of this year.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Just one question for Stephen. In terms of the free cash flow, could you help us bridge the gap between the 25% conversion we saw in the first quarter and sort of if there was discrete dynamics weighing on that in the first period? And how we get really from there to what seems to imply about 85% conversion for the full year?
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So it's a dynamic we see pretty much every year. It's very front-end loaded in terms of interest and cash tax payments, as well as we pay bonus  bonus payouts come out in the first quarter. And then, generally, there's a depletion of working capital, an increase in working capital. And there's a decrease at the end of the year, an increase at the beginning of the year. So it's a pretty similar seasonal dynamic that we've seen play out for the past many, many years. So actually I feel good that we're ahead significantly from last year. We're almost $200 million higher, free cash flow than this point back in Q1 2015.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, that's it. Thanks.
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations: Jessa, we have time for one more.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Dan Arias from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yeah, good morning, thank you. Maybe just a question on pharma from the services side. Can you just talk to growth for Unity in the quarter? And then maybe as a follow-on, Marc, each of the big players there has been doing well for some time now. Just curious how you would characterize the competition these days? Are you bumping into those guys more than in the past? Or is everybody operating in their own sweet spot, so to speak? I think you get the competitive dynamic question pretty often there, but just curious about the runway there as we try to get our hands around the continuation in biopharma strength. Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So in terms of the services portion of the company. About 14% of our revenue is services, and that's split between our biopharma services or our clinical trial services business and the Unity Lab Services, which is basically a combination of supporting our instruments and equipment and doing some outsourcing of that for our customers as well. Both of those businesses have demonstrated good growth, and growing at or above the company average in terms of performance. And the competitive set on the Unity Lab Services side really hasn't changed much. You have a couple other companies that are in that market. And each have their own strategy. We feel good about our outlook there.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, let me wrap it up here. Thank you for the interest, and from my perspective, we had a great start to the year, with a great Q1 behind us. We're very well-positioned to deliver a strong 2016. We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter and of course, seeing you in New York City in May at our Analyst Day. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2015 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note, this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investor section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcast & Presentations until February 26, 2016. A copy of the press release of our fourth quarter 2015 earnings and future expectations is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Results. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 26, 2015 under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and also available on the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update future-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during this call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our fourth quarter 2015 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone, and thanks, of course, for joining us today for our Q4 and year-end call. As you saw in our press release, we ended the year on a very strong note, delivering excellent fourth quarter results. Our teams identified and capitalized on year-end opportunities, delivered our value proposition to help our customers meet their objectives, and executed well to achieve our goals for the year. I think our performance demonstrates that no matter what we're facing in the macro environment, we have many opportunities to gain share. At the same time, we're steadily expanding our capabilities in line with our growth strategy, and this gives us even more potential to create value for all of our key stakeholders: customers, employees and shareholders. I'll cover some of my business highlights of the quarter and the year later on in my remarks, but first I'll give you a summary of our financial performance, discuss our growth relative to our key end markets, and wrap up with an overview of our annual guidance for 2016. So starting with the quarter, we grew our adjusted earnings per share by 7% to $2.12, continuing our long track record of strong adjusted EPS performance. Our revenue in Q4 grew 4% year-over-year, our adjusted operating income increased 5%, and we expanded our adjusted operating margin by 40 basis points to 23.2%. Looking at our Q4 performance in the context of our key end markets, I'm pleased to say that we did a great job of capitalizing on year-end opportunities to deliver strong growth overall. Starting with industrial and applied, our performance was similar to what we've seen all year with very low single-digit growth. Our industrial businesses remained soft while our businesses serving applied markets continued to perform well, particularly our analytical instruments used for environmental and food safety applications. As an example, I'm very pleased with the performance of our chromatography business. Some of this is due to the success of the Vanquish UHPLC system we launched a little over a year ago. But fundamentally, the benefits of the Dionex acquisition in 2011 are really playing out. We're seeing strength across our entire portfolio from HPLC to GC to ion chromatography as well as software and consumables. Turning to diagnostics and healthcare, it was good to see stronger results in this end market in Q4. We delivered mid-single-digit growth with especially strong performance in our clinical diagnostics and immunodiagnostics businesses. In academic and government, conditions in this end market were the strongest we've seen all year. We executed well to take advantage of strong spending at the end of the year in the U.S. and Europe and we delivered mid-single-digit growth. It's good to see positive momentum in this end market, and we're encouraged about our prospects here given the more favorable funding environment in the U.S. in 2016. Last, I'm pleased to say that we capped off a very strong year in pharma and biotech with another outstanding quarter with growth in the mid-teens. We're clearly benefiting from the underlying strength of this end market and the power of our customer value proposition, which is creating a significant competitive advantage for us and drove strong performance across our businesses that served this end market. Our results show that in this economic environment, our customers turn to us to help them be successful, whether they're driving more innovation or increasing productivity to fund those R&D investments. Our scale and depth of capabilities is a key differentiator that creates value for our customers across our end markets. So in summary, we took full advantage of the year-end opportunities, executed well and delivered very strong Q4 performance that led to a great year overall. Now, I'll transition to our full year results. The main take-away is very clear: we achieved all the goals we set out to achieve. It wasn't the easiest of environments, but with thoughtful planning, great operational execution and intense focus on our customers, we delivered another strong year. Among our key objectives in 2015, we focused on meeting or exceeding our financial commitments, making good progress in advancing our growth strategy, capturing the synergies from the Life Technologies acquisition and strengthening our balance sheet. I'm pleased to report that we accomplished each of these objectives and I'll cover them in a bit more detail, starting with the financials. Obviously, it was a challenging environment from an FX perspective and the strengthening of the dollar impacted every multinational company. But we effectively navigated those headwinds, which Stephen will discuss later in his remarks, and achieved what I feel was a very solid year. We delivered $7.39 of adjusted EPS, which was a 6% increase year-over-year despite an 11% headwind from foreign exchange. We grew revenues to a record $16.97 billion for the full year. Adjusted operating income increased 3%, and we achieved adjusted operating income margin of 60 basis points to 22.5%. Let me take a moment here to give you some insight into how we're thinking about margin expansion. As you know, we've been able to steadily expand our operating margins over the years. We do this by leveraging our PPI Business System and all the levers we have to drive margins, whether it's pricing, sourcing or footprint optimization. You can see in our results that we did a great job of expanding margins despite a very significant FX headwind. Given that we will continue to face FX challenges in 2016, we remain very focused on driving productivity by continuing to use our operational levers. We've also decided to take some additional actions that will help us further down the road. We will fund those additional productivity actions through the benefits we gain from the temporary repeal of the medical device tax. This will enable us to further strengthen our operating margins going into 2017. We have a substantial opportunity to expand our margins and we still think it's reasonable to take them to the 24% to 26% range by 2018. So we delivered solid performance for the year by staying true to our growth strategy and making sure that every decision we made put us in a stronger position in the eyes of our customers. Now, let me hit some of the highlights and accomplishments from the year and from the quarter in the context of our growth strategy. As you know, it's based on three elements: developing high-impact innovative new products, capitalizing on our scale in Asia Pacific and emerging markets, and leveraging our unique customer value proposition. The success of this strategy creates a significant competitive advantage for us and that gives us many opportunities to gain share. Starting with innovation, 2015 was another very strong year for us. I covered our new product highlights during the course of the year, so I'm not going to get into much detail today. We did have strong launches serving the research scientists as well as for our customers working in clinical and applied markets. Starting with the research community, the big news last year was our launch of the Orbitrap Fusion Lumos Tribrid mass spectrometer for proteomics. We actually just learned yesterday that the Lumos was voted by customers who read SelectScience magazine as the Best New Drug Discovery Product of 2015. Our industry-leading Orbitrap platform gives us a foundation for expansion into a range of applications, and we continue to fully leverage that capability. We also had a number of exciting products launched in genetic analysis, but let me just mention a couple of them. One was our cloud-enabled QuantStudio 3 and 5 real-time qPCR systems, which support our increasing focus on oncology. The other was the new Ion S5 and S5 XL product line, which makes targeted next-gen sequencing more accessible for a range of research applications. Moving to the clinic, we introduced a number of new immunoassays during the year as well as a new Phadia instrument that effectively leverages our customers' capital investment by running tests for both allergy and autoimmunity. One example from the quarter that I do want to highlight is our collaboration with the Karolinska Institute of Sweden on a groundbreaking clinical study aimed at developing a more effective test for prostate cancer. Using our proteomic, genomic and assay technologies, this test can predict, or more precisely, distinguish between benign and aggressive cancers, thus reducing the number of biopsies required without compromising the number of actual cancers diagnosed. These are early days and there's still much more work here to be done, but it's very exciting and may be an alternative to the PSA test. This development would not have happened without the ability to leverage all of these capabilities across our company. Turning to applied markets, our new Q Exactive Focus LC/MS created a powerful alternative to Q-TOF technology for a number of applications, including toxicology, pharma QA/QC, food and environmental analysis as well. The Focus is really gaining traction and significantly contributed to our growth in our Analytical Instruments business in Q4. So as you can see, 2015 was another outstanding year for innovation. We put our R&D dollars and expertise to work to deliver high-impact products that help our customers achieve their goals. I look forward to discussing the exciting innovations we plan to launch during 2016 as the year unfolds. Let me now turn to the second element of our growth strategy, which is about using our scale as a competitive advantage in Asia Pacific and emerging markets. You saw in our press release that we highlighted China growth. Well, I have to steal Stephen's thunder a little by telling you that we achieved high-teens growth in China in Q4. Really outstanding performance by the team. The question I get a lot with China is how have we been doing so well given the magnitude of change taking place in that country. Well, from my perspective, I think it boils down to two things. First, China has challenges that we are in the best position to help our customers address, like poor air and water quality, unsafe food supplies, and strains on their healthcare system. The second reason is that we've taken advantage of our scale but also have a very localized approach to running our business there. We have a team that understands the market and where the funding is and has executed very well. Let me give you one example from the quarter, which is a new product we launched from our China Innovation Center in Shanghai. Contaminated water is a big issue there and some important new regulations were put in place by the government to control various water pollutants. We worked closely with our customers to understand their requirements and launched the Orion 3106 COD water analyzer in Q4. In addition to it detecting pollutants, this new product will also help our customers lower their operating costs by reducing maintenance and reagent consumption. During the year, we also expanded our capabilities to capture opportunities in other emerging markets such as Southeast Asia. Our most recent development was the November opening of a new GMP biopharma clinical services facility in Singapore to serve the growing needs of pharma and biotech customers in the region. Our strong performance in 2015 shows that we're effectively leveraging our global scale to best serve our customers and drive growth. Turning to our customer value proposition, the third element of our growth strategy. I think the best example here is our successful integration of Life Technologies. We had high expectations for this business when we acquired it two years ago, and it's been a home run for us, not only in terms of the financial benefits but also in strengthening our customer offering and the strategic position of our company. Regarding the financials, the metrics we laid out in early 2015, which were higher than the original deal model, were $115 million of additional cost synergies and $60 million of revenue synergies for the year. I'm very pleased to report that in 2015, we delivered $130 million of cost synergies and ended the year at our target year three run rate. In terms of revenue synergies, we really gained early traction here and achieved approximately $90 million of revenue synergies in 2015, much faster than we anticipated. This performance puts us in a great position to achieve our 2016 revenue synergy goals. From a customer perspective, we have a clear advantage as a result of combining our capabilities across the company. Our bioproduction and biosciences businesses are now growing faster than they were independently. Having genetic and protein analysis technologies in one company is creating exciting new opportunities, like the prostate cancer test I mentioned earlier. And the commercial presence we now have by combining our channel and e-commerce capabilities is really starting to drive growth. In terms of our strategic position, at our Analyst Meeting last May we said we expected Life Sciences Solutions to grow organically at 3% or better for the year, and I'm very pleased to report that the business grew organically at 5% in 2015, which contributed to our strong performance for the company overall. This is a great example of how we put our capital to work to create value for our customers and our shareholders. Let me now give you a quick update on our balance sheet. You know that last year we were focused on delevering, following the Life Technologies acquisition. I'm pleased to tell you that we achieved our target leverage ratio of 3 times leverage at the end of 2015. This timing is slightly ahead of what we expected when we announced the transaction, and we accomplished this while repurchasing $500 million of our stock early last year and paying about $240 million of dividends as well as spending $700 million on two complementary bolt-on acquisitions. To remind you, ASI strengthened our capabilities, serving the high-growth bioproduction market, and Alfa Aesar expanded our offering of chemicals for the research laboratory. So we put ourselves in a great position from a balance sheet perspective as we begin 2016, and we're able to kick off the year by announcing our agreement to acquire Affymetrix. Many of you are familiar with this business, which is a leader in cellular and genetic analysis. Affymetrix has a strong position on flow cytometry and antibodies, which will strengthen our biosciences offering. It was also the pioneer of microarray technology and will be a nice complement to our genetic sciences business. This transaction also offers attractive financial benefits. We expect $0.10 of adjusted EPS accretion in the first full year of ownership, and we also expect to generate $70 million of synergies by year three following the close. So, good financial returns and also a very good fit for our Life Sciences Solutions business. Let me now turn to our guidance for 2016. Stephen will cover the details and outline all of the assumptions for our revenue and earnings guidance, but I'd like to make a couple of comments. Our 2016 guidance reflects the fact that foreign exchange will continue to have a negative impact on our top and bottom line performance, although we anticipate to a lesser degree than it did in 2015 based on where rates are today. So, we're guiding to adjusted EPS in the range of $7.80 to $7.96. This would result in 6% to 8% growth over the $7.39 we delivered in 2015. In terms of the revenues, we expect to deliver between $17.36 billion and $17.56 billion in 2016. So before I turn the call over to Stephen, let me leave with you a few take-aways. We focused on our customers and effectively navigated the macro environment to achieve our goals for the year. We continued to innovate, expand our global reach, and enhance our customer value proposition in line with our growth strategy. We also strengthened our balance sheet so we can resume our normal capital deployment in 2016 and identify new opportunities to create shareholder value. With that, I'll now hand over the call to Stephen Williamson, our CFO. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Marc and good morning, everyone. I'll begin with an overview of our Q4 and full year 2015 financial performance for the total company, then I'll provide some color on our four segments and conclude with a detailed review of our 2016 guidance. So starting with our overall financial performance for the fourth quarter, as you saw in our press release, we grew adjusted EPS by 7% to $2.12. For the full year, adjusted EPS was $7.39, up 6% from 2014. The midpoint of our guidance that we gave you at the end of Q3 was $7.37 of adjusted EPS for the full year 2015. Subsequent to this guidance, the negative foreign exchange impact on Q4 increased significantly, resulting in a further $0.06 of headwind in the quarter. I'm pleased to say that we're able to offset all of this and still able to deliver $7.39 for the full year, $0.02 more than the midpoint of our last guidance. GAAP EPS was $1.50 in Q4, up 1% from $1.49 in the prior year's quarter and $4.92 for full year 2015, up 4% from $4.71 in 2014. On the top line, we delivered 7% organic revenue growth this quarter and our reported revenue increased 4% year over year. Q4 reported revenue includes 1% growth from acquisitions, and a 4% headwind from foreign exchange. For the full year 2015, reported revenue was flat year over year, and organic revenue growth was 5%. Full year reported revenue includes 1% growth from acquisitions, net of divestitures and a 6% negative impact from foreign exchange. Looking at the growth by geography in Q4, North America grew in the mid-single digits, and Europe grew in the high-single digits. Asia-Pacific grew in the low double digits, and as Marc mentioned, China was growing in the high teens. And the rest of the world declined in the high-single digits. For the full year, both North America and Europe grew in the mid-single digits. Asia-Pacific grew in the high single digits and China growing in the mid-teens. And the rest of the world declined in the low-single digits. So looking at our operational performance Q4 adjusted operating income increased 5% and adjusted operating margin was 23.2%, up 40 basis points from Q4 last year, despite an 80 basis point headwind from foreign exchange. For the full year, adjusted operating income increased 3%, and adjusted operating margin was 22.5%, up 60 basis points from 2014, despite a 90 basis point headwind from foreign exchange. At a high level, our adjusted operating margin expansion from the quarter and the full year was driven by continued strong contribution from the PPI Business System productivity levers, including pricing, global sourcing and footprint optimization, as well as the continued contribution from cost synergies. In Q4, we realized $18 million of cost synergy benefits from the Life Technologies acquisition, and $130 million for the full year 2015. And as Marc said we were able to accelerate the capture of revenue synergies and realized $40 million during Q4 and $90 million for the full year 2015. This puts us in great position to deliver on the three-year run rate target of $150 million of revenue synergies in 2016. We took advantage of our strong performance in Q4 to make additional strategic investments primarily to strengthen our commercial capabilities and to accelerate growth. Moving on to the details of the P&L, total company adjusted gross margin came in at 47.7% in Q4, down 130 basis points from the prior year. For the full year, adjusted gross margin was 48.3%, down 50 basis points from 2014. The decreases in gross margin in both Q4 and the full year are primarily attributed to foreign exchange and unfavorable business mix. Adjusted SG&A in Q4 was 20.6% of revenue, which is 150 basis points favorable to Q4 2014, driven primarily by foreign exchange, cost synergies, and our productivity actions. For the full year, adjusted SG&A was 21.7%, 120 basis points favorable to 2014. And finally R&D expense came in at 3.9% of revenue in Q4, 20 basis points favorable to Q4 2014, and full year R&D expense was 4.1%, flat to full year 2014. And R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue for full year 2015 was 6.4%, also flat to the full year 2014. So looking at our results below the line, net interest expense in Q4 was $94 million, down $13 million from Q4 last year, as result of reducing our debt over the past 12 months. Net interest expense for the full year was $384 million, a decrease of $48 million from 2014. Adjusted other income for Q4 was negative $7 million, $16 million lower than Q4 2014, and for the full year, it was $6 million, which is $7 million lower than last year. Both driven primarily by non-operating foreign exchange net losses in 2015, compared to net gains in 2014. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 13%, 20 basis points below last year. Our full year rate was 13.7%, down from 14.5% in 2014, primarily as a result of realizing our benefits of our acquisition tax planning. And average diluted shares were 402.4 million in Q4, down 1.7 million year over year, primarily as a result of the share buybacks we completed in Q1, partially offset by option dilution. For the full year, average diluted shares were 401.9 million, down 0.4 million from 2014. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, cash flow from continuing operations for the year was $2.83 billion, and free cash flow was $2.42 billion, after deducting net capital expenditure of $405 million. This is slightly lower than our previous guidance due to additional investments in working capital. We ended the year with $455 million in cash and investments. During 2015, we continued to return capital to shareholders with $500 million of share buybacks in Q1 and $240 million of dividends, including $60 million of dividends in Q4. We also continued to make strategic acquisitions in 2015, spending $300 million in Q1 to acquire ASI, and $400 million in Q4 to acquire Alfa Aesar. Our total debt at the end of Q4 was $12.5 billion, down $800 million sequentially from Q3 and we achieved our year-end target leverage ratio of 3 times total debt to adjusted EBITDA. And wrapping up my comments on our total company performance, we continue to make progress on our ROIC. Our trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC in Q4 was 9.5%, up 20 basis points sequentially from Q3 and up 60 basis points from Q1 2015, when the Life Technologies acquisition was fully included in the average investment base. So with that, I'll now provide you with some color on the performance of our four business segments. As I highlighted for the total company, foreign exchange continued to be a significant headwind for the top line for our segments and impacted their year-over-year revenue growth and adjusted operating margins to varying degrees. Starting with Life Sciences Solutions segment, reported revenue increased 2% in Q4 and organic revenue grew 5%. In the quarter, we continued to see strong growth in our bioproduction and biosciences businesses. For the full year, reported revenue grew 6% on organic growth of 5%. Q4 adjusted operating income in Life Sciences Solutions increased 5% and adjusted operating margin was 31.6%, up 80 basis points, benefiting from very strong productivity and incremental cost synergies, partially offset by some unfavorable product mix, significantly unfavorable foreign exchange and strategic growth investments. For the full year 2015, adjusted operating margin was 30.1%, 110 basis points higher than the prior year. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue increased 3% in Q4 and organic revenue growth was 7%. In the quarter, we had strong growth in our chromatography and mass spectrometry businesses, partially offset by weaknesses that we continue to see in some of our core industrial markets. For the full year, reported revenue declined 1%, and organic growth was 4%. Q4 adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments increased 13%, and adjusted operating margin was 22.1%, up 190 basis points. We delivered very strong productivity in this segment, partially offset by foreign exchange, unfavorable mix and strategic growth investments. For the full year 2015, adjusted operating income increased 5%, and adjusted operating margin was 19.1%, 120 basis points higher than 2014. Turning to Specialty Diagnostics segment. In Q4, total revenue grew slightly and organic revenue growth was 4%. This was driven by good growth in our immunodiagnostics and clinical diagnostics businesses, partially offset by the expiration of the OEM contract that I mentioned on our Q3 call. For the full year, reported revenue declined 3%, and organic growth was 3%. Adjusted operating income in the segment decreased 3% in Q4 and adjusted operating margin was 26.2%, down 90 basis points from the prior year. In the segment, we drove very good productivity; however this was more than offset by the expiration of the OEM contract, unfavorable foreign exchange and strategic growth investments. For the full year 2015, adjusted operating income decreased 5%, and adjusted operating margin was 26.9%, down 50 basis points from 2014. And finally in the Laboratory Products and Services segment, Q4 reported revenue increased 8%, and organic revenue growth was 10%. This segment continues to benefit from our strong performance in the pharma and biotech end market with the biopharma services channel and Laboratory Products businesses all delivering very strong growth. For the full year, reported revenue grew 1% and organic revenue grew 7%. Adjusted operating income in this segment increased 9%, and adjusted operating margin was 14.7%, up 20 basis points from the prior year. Margin expansion in the quarter was driven by productivity improvements partially offset by strategic growth investments. For full year 2015, adjusted operating income increased 2% and adjusting operating margin was 15%, up 10 basis points from the prior year. So with that, I'd like to review the details of our 2016 guidance. Consistent with our usual practice, our guidance does not include any future acquisitions or divestitures. As a result, it does not include the impact of our recently announced Affymetrix acquisition, which we expect to close by the end of Q2. We will update our guidance after that deal closes. As Marc mentioned, we're initiating a 2016 adjusted EPS guidance range of $7.80 to $7.96, which represents growth of 6% to 8% over our 2015 adjusted EPS of $7.39. In terms of revenue, our guidance range is $17.36 billion to $17.56 billion, which represents growth of about 2.5% to 3.5% versus our reported revenue of $16.97 billion in 2015. On an organic basis, our revenue range assumes an organic growth midpoint of about 4%. As Marc mentioned, we're seeing another year of negative impact on both the top and bottom line as a result of the continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus major foreign currencies. As always, we're focused on our reported numbers, but I thought I'd give you a bit more color on the foreign exchange to give you some perspective on how it's impacting our guidance. On the top line, foreign exchange is lowering our revenue by approximately $290 million, which equates to just under a 2% revenue headwind. Foreign currency is reducing our adjusted EPS growth by $0.19, or just over 2.5%. If you were to look at our 2015 guidance or our 2016 guidance on an FX-neutral basis, adjusted EPS growth would be in the range of 8% to 10%, which represents another strong year of underlying operating performance. Consistent with past practice, our guidance assumes current foreign currency exchange rates, and we haven't attempted to forecast future changes in rates. Moving on to the details of our guidance, acquisitions completed in 2015 are expected to contribute about $100 million or 60 basis points to our reported revenue growth in 2016. Giving some color on our assumptions on growth by end market, starting with pharma and biotech, we expect strong performance in this market  in that market in 2016, and assume mid to high single-digit growth over our very strong low teens growth in 2015. In academic and government, with a better funding environment in the U.S., we expect growth in this end market to improve around the company average. And we expect growth in diagnostics and healthcare to be slightly better in 2016 as well, also growing around the company average. And in industrial and applied, we don't expect any improvement year over year, with growth remaining flat to 2015. Turning to adjusted operating margins, we're expecting around 60 to 70 basis points of expansion year over year. Strong productivity and acquisition synergies will be partially offset by strategic growth investments and the impact of foreign exchange. I will walk you through each of these elements of our margin expansion. So starting with productivity. Here we will continue to use the proven productivity levers of our PPI Business System, including pricing, volume leverage, global sourcing and footprint optimization. These will continue to have a very positive impact on our margin profile. In terms of synergies from the Life Technologies acquisition, we expect to deliver $55 million of year-over-year cost synergy benefit in 2016, and we expect to realize a further $60 million of revenue synergies, which will yield approximately $20 million of adjusted operating income benefit. This will enable us to deliver the three-year goal of $350 million of total cost and revenue synergies in 2016. During the year, we will continue to make strategic investments to continue to drive growth, enhance the impact of innovation, and to improve our customer experience. It was good to see the repeal of the medical device tax in the recently approved federal budget. Unfortunately, it's only repealed for two years, not eliminated entirely. However, as Marc mentioned, we're going to take advantage of this opportunity and plan to reinvest the approximately $15 million of annual impact of the repeal back into the business. The majority will go towards accelerating our long-term productivity initiatives to help counteract some of the impact that foreign exchange has had on our operating margins. In terms of pull-through on the foreign exchange headwind, we're expecting an unfavorable impact on the bottom line totaling $90 million or 30% average margin. This creates 10 basis points of adjusted operating margin dilution. If you were to look at our 2016 adjusted operating margin guidance on an FX-neutral basis, our margin expansion would be 70 basis points to 80 basis points. We will continue to look for ways to minimize the impact of foreign exchange on our P&L. Moving below the line, we expect net interest expense to be in the range of $370 million to $380 million, about $10 million lower than 2015, primarily as a result of the debt reduction actions taken in 2015. For 2016, we are assuming that we will refinance our debt as it matures; we are not planning any further pay down of debt during the year. We're expecting our adjusted income tax rate to be about 14%, slightly higher than 2015. And in terms of capital deployment, we're assuming that we'll return approximately $240 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends. The guidance assumes a total of $500 million of share buybacks in 2016, which we've already completed in January. There is no other capital deployment assumed in this guidance. Full year average diluted shares are estimated to be in the range of 401 million to 402 million, down slightly from 2015 with the impact of the buybacks offsetting option dilution. We're assuming net capital expenditures to be approximately $440 million. And finally, in terms of full year 2016 free cash flow, we're expecting between $2.68  we are expecting about $2.68 billion, up $260 million compared to 2015. As a final note from guidance, I wanted to highlight the calendar timing within 2016. Our Q1 2016 fiscal calendar has four more days than Q1 2015. And our Q4 2016 fiscal calendar has four less days than Q4 2015, with no net overall impact for the year. As you know, we do not give quarterly guidance, but given the scale of the days difference, I thought it would be helpful to give you some insight on what we are expecting for Q1 2016. With about 4% organic growth for the full year 2016, we're assuming about 7% growth in Q1. In terms of margin expansion, because we have four extra days of costs in Q1 2016, we are assuming that margins will be flat versus Q1 2015. As always, in interpreting our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance ranges, you should focus on the midpoint as the most likely view on how we see things playing out. Results above or below the midpoint will depend on the relative strength of our markets as well as foreign exchange rate fluctuations during the rest of the year. So in summary, we're pleased to deliver a strong finish to the year, and that positions us well to achieve our financial goals for 2016. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Stephen. Operator, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now conduct the question-and-answer session. Your first question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. So, I think we're all a little bit surprised that the EPS guidance is a little bit lower for 2016 than we had anticipated. I guess  I mean, Stephen, you went through a number of the ones, I think where our model was off. I think we had the share count was a little higher and the interest expense was a little bit higher, I think, sort of giving the biggest hits there. But can you just talk a little bit more about sort of like the mix impacts? If I remember correctly from the old Invitrogen, Life days, as that business sort of picks up, it has a much bigger impact in terms of the hit to the gross margin on that business from FX. I guess, can you talk a little bit more about sort of like mix dynamics, how that's playing out and sort of  you obviously are seeing stronger strength in the LPS business, and just sort of walk through what's going on and just sort of how you're thinking about sort of the product mix here and how much of that is impacting the business?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, Derik, I'll start and then Stephen will add to it. So, thanks for the question. There's $0.19 of FX headwind in the 2016 numbers, right? So, that's actually what the big thing that needs to be understood, right? There was $0.06 incremental after our guidance in the fourth quarter that we drove past and actually beat. So when you take it, 6% to 8% is our guidance for the year; on an FX-neutral basis, it's 8% to 10%. And obviously, it's only assuming the $500 million of capital deployment, which is the buybacks we already did in 2016. Obviously, we're going to get the benefit of Affymetrix later in the year. And we obviously have tremendous amount of capacity to do other things. We just don't want to decide exactly what we're going to do, sitting here, at the end of January, but there are things that we will do to drive more but we wanted to provide absolute clarity of very strong underlying operating performance, big FX headwind that we're working our way through and lots of balance sheet opportunity down the road. Stephen, anything you want to talk about on mix?
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, mix, no, nothing unusual in the mix side that's driving anything positive or negative in 2016.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And just one quick follow-up question. When you sort of look at the end markets, what are sort of your expectations in terms of China and Latin America and sort of how does that flow into 2016?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So from a geographic perspective, we executed very well in China during the course of last year. We clearly gained share from everything that we've heard from others. And we're expecting China to be one of our fastest-growing markets, probably low-double-digit type growth. It's hard to predict exactly but it will be a nice contributor to our growth for this year. For Latin America, Brazil was very soft last year. It's not a huge market for us and we're not assuming any improvement in our numbers. You can see it when Stephen was talking about rest of world. That's primarily Latin America declined a little bit last year and we're assuming a similar type environment.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. I'll get back in the queue.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Derik.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Hi. Good morning, guys. So, I guess as you guys were sort of staring at the consensus estimates and the $8 to $8.18 range, and you guys were contemplating where the guidance was and you were feeling where there were pushes and pulls in the P&L and where the Street had sort of gotten it wrong. I mean I guess what was sort of the internal debate around what you could push forward, whether or not  Affy [Affymetrix], which obviously pushed off some cap allocation, e.g., you could have done more buyback, had you not done that and that may have helped, I guess, versus the range but longer term may not have been the right decision. I guess, what were some of the key debate points? And then from a messaging perspective, do you feel like you kind of outlined enough for us to have figured this out more so than we did or do you think it really, with some of the macro moves, whether it was FX, et cetera, in the back half of the year, that stuff was moving around too much and it was difficult to sort of message?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, Ross, great question. There was no debate. We run the company to do the right thing for our shareholders and for our customers. We don't sit there and say that the consensus is right or wrong. We say what is great operating performance and great use of our capital to create shareholder value. So literally, there was zero debate. We look at what's out there externally. I mean that's why you heard longer remarks today, to really provide clarity on how we're thinking about the world. I think the things that I would take away so that you can look to the future is, one, when we started out 2015 and you looked at our guidance range, we said the following: we would do all of our best without damaging the bright future that the company has to offset the FX headwinds. Last year, we picked up 2% incremental EPS headwinds after our original guidance. We offset all of it and we're able to deliver the high end of our original guidance. When we look at this year, we have a number of actions that we're taking to chip away that FX, but which is why Stephen and I talked a little bit about, we don't just stop. We're actually taking other actions that ensure that if we continue to live in a tough FX environment, that 2017 will also be a fantastic year for the company. So, we're very proactively managing the business. In terms of the capital deployment, hey, we spent  committed $1.8 billion in the, what, first two weeks of the year. I think we're being pretty aggressive. And it doesn't matter which month these different things happen. We're using our competitive position to create value for shareholders. So, we have incredibly bright prospects and I know that the analysts will look at the numbers and feel good about them.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: So, when you think about  obviously, again, this is a tough macro, so clearly the underlying ex FX is pretty good growth. Where do you see the biggest pushes and pulls just from an economic perspective in terms of some of the volatility? Obviously, we've looked at what's happened to the biotech sector and people worry about funding. There's been, obviously, the industrial side, some dislocations in parts of the world. FX movements have been a big deal. When you look at where the pushes and pulls are in the guide where you can really have on a top line basis sort of a differentiated outcome, where do you see the most sensitivity, I guess?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, so, Ross, so if you think about last year, we entered the year with a challenging environment. We delivered our strongest organic growth of 5% in a long time, right? And delivered it very solidly despite the fact that not every end market was robust. When we think about this year, we're assuming, as we did last year, we'll finish with about 4%. That's what we're targeting, but if we can do better we will. And if I think about the environment, one, academic and government, a little bit better than last year because of NIH funding. So we're expecting to be at the company average, which is better than the low-single digits last year. Diagnostics and healthcare, we're also expecting to be at the company average or about the company average, which is a little bit better than last year. The big swing factor is going to be biopharma. And it's not going to be the end market conditions; it's just going to be, we had a teens growth or low-double-digit growth last year and we're assuming from a starting point that we're going to grow mid- to high-single digits against the tough comps. So, that's the swing factor on the upside to it. And the team has done a good job over the last five years, six years, seven years of executing in that segment, and we'll keep you posted on how we do. So, I think it gives you good sense of how we're thinking about the world.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Great. Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, thanks. A question on the restructuring initiatives you talked about. If you look at kind of what's going on in the industrial world, all these companies are taking pretty aggressive restructuring actions. Can you maybe talk about whether this is the first of potentially several steps, whether you think you're doing enough with this initial step, and how you came to kind of the magnitude of the initial restructuring?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Our business is growing 5% organically, so we're not in restructuring mode. What we're doing is saying we want to ensure we're going to drive strong profitability growth for the long term and there are things that we can do that have good paybacks but cost a bunch of money up front in terms of optimizing facilities and you have double costs, those kinds of things. So, we're getting them underway now so that when those things are put into place, basically in 2017, you get a further tailwind on restructuring. We've managed this company through multiple recessions. Both Stephen and I have been here 15 years, right? But right now, end markets are good. Bookings were very strong, right? So if something happens that slows growth down, we know how to take the actions to drive short-term profit growth to deal with a tough environment. But we ended the year with our best quarter in many years and very strong bookings. So, we're just doing the prudent things to drive earnings growth and we'll monitor the end markets very, very closely.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then on capital deployment, as you get back in the back half of the year, should we think about maybe more emphasis on buybacks in light of the multiples you're seeing from an M&A standpoint right now?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: What I would say is that we have a significant capacity to deploy, and we will look at what is the right thing for the shareholder base as the months unfold this year, whether it's more buybacks or more M&A opportunities. We're evaluating the different choices. We got a good M&A pipeline. We have an attractive stock. So, you'll see us continue to be active as the year unfolds.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Then, last one for Stephen. Can you just quantify the extra day impact?
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: The extra day impact in Q4?
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Correct.
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I'm sure it contributed to the overall number, but it's not a significant part of the growth.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Tycho.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning, and thanks for taking the questions. I'm going to do my best to try to put words in your mouth. As I listen to the commentary around the strength of the order funnel, the commentary around end market outlooks for 2016, it sounds like the one growth consideration that might drive a bit of incremental slowing is a normal and appropriate degree of caution around pharma, just because the comps are simply tough, no signal of slowing in the order funnel. So as I look at the model and I say, okay, there's a guide for 7% organic in the first quarter, 4% for the full year, it implies some slowing over the balance of the year. I want to say that's just because we're taking a conservative view on how pharma plays out here in the early days of the year. Is that the right way to think about it?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Steve, everything is accurate up until the calendarization issue. So we're being prudent on the full year guidance, because we have a tough comparison in biopharma. Our aspirations, of course, will be high, and we'll keep you posted. The layout for the calendarization is we literally have almost a full extra week in Q1 and obviously a full  almost a full less week in Q4. So from a modeling perspective, roughly 7% in the first quarter, and obviously a bigger offset in Q4, kind of still gets to the 4%. So we are actually assuming kind of level activity, and the calendar just leads you to 7% in the first quarter. So don't read into anything beyond that.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And an extra week historically has generated maybe 2 points, 3 points of incremental growth  is that a fair number?
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: The last time we had an extra week, we were coming off one of the worst recessions ever. So I don't think there's a norm when it comes to it, so we feel good at this point with  about 7% for Q1.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then just one housekeeping question for me. I wonder if you could put numbers around some of the items that we're thinking about on the P&L for this year. I mean, we have got a little bit of a tailwind from the NIH, maybe that's a couple pennies. The R&D credit you called out, and  I'm sorry, the medtech tax you called out, the R&D credit I know was passed, and we have that for 2016. Could you quantify any of these for us?
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Well, the medical device tax grossed about $15 million, and as we said, we're going to reinvest that. The R&D tax credit is about $23 million impact and that's in both years. So, there's no year-over-year impact, and NIH is part of the organic growth that we outlined in terms of the tailwind.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, organic growth, so a way to think about that one, Steve, would be for the company, it should be about 30 basis points of growth tailwind organically. Roughly a little more than a point in the academic and government end markets. So when you saw us being low single-digits last year, and about the company average this year, that really reflects the improved NIH funding. So hopefully that frames that up pretty well.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks so much.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, guys. Thanks. I wanted to ask a question about your 2016 guidance, as it relates to gross margin. I don't think you guys gave a lot of color on what you're expecting there. But as I look at the fourth quarter performance, obviously, LPS had a great result, and that tends to be your lowest-margin division. So as I think about what you're looking for for this year, should we assume that out-performance in LPS could weigh a little bit on gross margin and accordingly drop through to EPS as well? I'm just trying to square up the other questions on the 2016 EPS guide.
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. So I'm expecting a slight improvement in gross margins year over year in aggregate, and then the rest of the expansion comes from SG&A. So in terms of mix, I'm not expecting a dramatic change in mix the way that we're assuming that these things play out over the coming year.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. So if I had to kind of deconstruct the delta between sell side 2016, kind of consensus EPS and your guidance, it looks like it's mostly FX, and then maybe to a lesser extent share repurchase?
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I  I don't know. I don't know what you are modeling, so we gave you  we gave the detailed guidance of what we are assuming in our model. So -
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Right, but assuming you guys have a view on what consensus numbers we're looking at, I just want to make sure I understood the sources of the delta.
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Honestly, I have no idea what people are assuming for foreign exchange. The estimates give a top line and give an EPS number, and I don't see any detail there. So I can tell you what we have assumed in our model going forward.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Right. Right, no. I got the FX guidance. Thanks a bunch. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg from UBS. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks and first of all, congratulations on a strong quarter. I think it was your highest growth rate since first quarter of 2010, if we're right here, so congratulations on that.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: I guess if I'm doing the math, it looks like on your organic growth, plus the life synergies you laid out, the life EBITDA synergies it kind of gives you $0.66 cents or so, and then you're talking about a 2% headwind from FX, you don't include any of the capital deployment. I guess I'm thinking a little bit further out, Marc, if you think about what you laid out at your analyst day on 2018, it sounds like you went out of your way to highlight that you still think the margin target is achievable. Kind of  what's your view on what you laid out at 2018 as what the EPS could look like? Has that changed at all today?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I mean, obviously, Jon, we'll get into that in May. We've never been concerned, even if we didn't take the actions about the ability to get to the 24 to 26 or drive a very strong performance that we outlined in May, but our goal is not to be at the lower end of that range. Our goal is to be at the higher end of that range, right? So we're taking the actions now to put us higher, you know, higher up in those ranges. So, when I think about last year, one of the things we got tremendously positive feedback was talking about philosophy and the philosophy of how we're dealing with FX, and I think what you're getting today is we're telling about you the philosophy that we  when we laid out our commitments in May, the world looks different, and we sort of don't care. We're going to navigate through it and deliver outstanding short and long-term financial performance and hence while picking a small point around a $15 million investment, I think it gives you the sense of the philosophy that we're very proactive in managing the business to deliver a really great financial performance.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a quick follow-up, it looks like, one, just to clarify, it looks like you're not going to provide book-to-bill anymore and then what are your pricing expectations for 2016?
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, so, actually, Jon, so I didn't give book-to-bill information. It's just not that relevant a metric for the company now, where we have over 75% recurring revenue stream. So, yes, for a large instruments business, it's a relevant metric. For us, it's  we just don't see it as that relevant. I didn't include it in my script and we don't include it in the recon package. Just so you know what the number is, it's actually slightly positive, 0.5% for Q4. So  but as I said, it's just not that relevant of a metric for us. And then in terms of your second question  I've completely forgotten what your second question was.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Just in terms of pricing benefit you expect in 2016.
Stephen Williamson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. So, I think about the underlying pricing environment hasn't really changed from what we're seeing of our end markets from the last  really the last sort of three years or four years including this year. Now what we did in 2015 was drive some FX offset actions with some additional targeted price actions which brought our pricing number up. And we'll get a little bit of carryover from that, so pricing year over year in 2016, it will be very similar to 2015, so just over half a percent of price, but underlying, I don't think the pricing dynamics are significantly different in the industry.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Jon. So, operator, we have time for one more.
Operator: Certainly, your last question comes from the line of Jack Meehan from Barclays, please go ahead.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I'm curious for the fourth quarter we have now seen a few years where the fourth quarter was seasonally stronger. I guess I'm curious what your view was on budget flushes toward the end of the year, what was sort of true growth in the fourth quarter and what might have  what we can be expecting in terms of the first quarter, whether there are some moving parts there.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, Jack, good question. So, the way the world is playing out over the last few years is that customers generally are being conservative early in the year, and I don't mean just one quarter but literally in first three quarters of the year, to deal with, you know, kind of unexpected adverse events whether they are macroeconomic or geopolitical. So we are seeing it across a wide range of customers where there's a conservatism. And as the year unfolds, and bad things really haven't happened, there's a much stronger year-end money, and we were very well positioned to capture it. Our team did a great job. When we look at the first quarter, because customers do a lot of activity late in the year, their demand is going to be a little bit softer but it's been a little bit softer in each of the previous few quarters. So I think as Stephen laid out the outlook for the year, that reflects the fact that customers start out conservatively and then build their spend as the year goes on. So I think we have that well characterized.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. And then just one follow-up similar to that, the academic segment, specifically, just given the NIH budget getting wrapped up toward year-end. What is your view? I think historically, it's been more the visibility around funding than the actual rate of growth itself. Just curious around the pace of some of that new funding going to work, what your expectations are for 2016.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, so obviously, it's good news that our customers know that they can have better budgets. We think that some of that will be in Q1, but more likely Q2, Q3 is where you'll see the strength on the NIH-derived spending in terms of how the year will play out.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So let me wrap it up. We are very pleased to deliver another solid year. We're obviously looking forward to continuing that momentum in 2016, and, of course, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Stephen Williamson - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC Jeff T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2015 Third Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Stephen Williamson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts & Presentations until November 6, 2015. A copy of the press release of our third quarter 2015 earnings and future expectations is available in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Results. So, before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the company's Annual Report and on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 27, 2015 under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and also available in the Investors section of our website under the heading, SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also, during this call we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our third quarter 2015 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks Ken and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our Q3 call. I'm pleased to report that we delivered a solid quarter with good growth on the top and bottom line. Q3 is another example of how we're successfully executing our growth strategy and increasing our depth of capabilities to gain market share. We had another great quarter for innovation with important new product launches across our businesses. We are leveraging our scale in APAC and emerging markets as a key differentiator and we had another strong quarter in China. We also continued to make good progress in capturing revenue synergies using our expanded technology portfolio, our commercial capabilities and global reach to show our customers the power of our value proposition. With a strong nine months behind us, we're on track to achieve our growth goals for the year. Before I get into the business highlights for the quarter, let me start with the financial overview and some color commentary on our end markets. Then I will conclude with our updated guidance outlook for the year. So in terms of the financials, our revenue in Q3 was $4.12 billion. Our adjusted operating income increased 2% to $934 million. We achieved adjusted operating margin of 22.6% which represents 70 basis points of margin expansion. And finally we extended our track record of consistently delivering strong adjusted EPS growth. We achieved $1.80 of adjusted EPS which is a 5% increase over Q3 of last year. We drove good pull through on our top line growth, using our PPI Business System to increase our operating efficiencies and provide the highest quality products and services to our customers. Our solid results again this quarter demonstrate our ability to effectively manage the business, despite the FX headwinds and achieve our growth goals. So starting with our performance by end market, we didn't see much change in Q3. In industrial and applied our performance was similar to what we've seen all year with low single digit growth. Our core industrial businesses remained soft, while those serving applied markets again performed well. We had good growth in our analytical instrument businesses serving environmental and food safety markets. We also had another strong quarter in our chromatography business. Turning to diagnostics and healthcare, our performance in this end market was pretty similar to what we've seen in first half of the year with growth in the low single digits. The key contributors in Q3 were our clinical diagnostics business and our healthcare market channel, which continued to grow well. In academic and government, we grew again this quarter in the low single digits. Conditions in this end market were basically similar to what we experienced in Q2. Last, I'm pleased to say that we had another excellent quarter in pharma and biotech which grew for us at just over 10%. We continue to capitalize on the strength of this end market overall and effectively leverage our unique value proposition, which really resonates with these customers. We had strong performance across our businesses that serve this end market and particularly in biosciences, bioproduction, and biopharma services. Let me now highlight some of our accomplishments from Q3 in the context of our growth strategy. We continue to make great progress on all fronts which positions us for another successful year. As you know, our growth strategy is centered around high impact technology innovation, leveraging our scale in Asia Pacific and emerging markets and delivering our unique value proposition to best serve our customers and gain share. In terms of innovation, Thermo Fisher has by far the largest R&D budget in our industry at approximately $700 million annually and we continue to target those investments that create the most value for our customers. Let me hit some of the highlights from Q3. First, in September we introduced the new Ion S5 and Ion S5 XL, next-generation sequencing systems. This is a significant development that builds on our Ion Torrent platform. It makes targeted sequencing more accessible to customers working in academic, translational and clinical research labs. The key advantages of both systems are that they're cost effective and flexible, giving scientists the ability to sequence gene panels as well as small genomes, exomes and transcriptomes on a single platform. We're also making great progress in developing new products that improve the speed and accuracy of test results in the clinical laboratory. At the Annual Meeting of the American Association for Clinical Chemistry, we launched a number of new Thermo Scientific instruments and assays designed to help clinicians improve patient diagnosis and treatment. Let me mention a couple of them. We launched three new immunoassays that have been FDA cleared for detecting autoimmune diseases. These new EliA assays can help diagnose multiple conditions that could be precursors to kidney disease. We also introduced the Phadia 2500E instrument which is now configured to run both our EliA autoimmunity and ImmunoCAP allergy tests to significantly increase lab productivity. In our analytical instruments business, we introduced a new HPLC system, a Thermo Scientific Prelude LX-4 MD which is listed with the FDA as a class I medical device for general in vitro diagnostics use. The Prelude LX-4 significantly enhances sample throughput for high volume clinical settings. Also worthy to note, during the quarter we obtained CE marks for our Prelude MD HPLC, Endura MD mass spec and related ClinQuan MD software, which were all previously introduced in the U.S. This designation gives clinical labs in Europe access to advanced technologies for analyzing patient samples using laboratory developed tests. Let me take a moment now to highlight an example that demonstrates how our customers are recognizing the value we can create through our unique depth of capabilities and our reputation as a scientific thought leader. We've been collaborating with the Biotech Research and Innovation Center at the University of Copenhagen to help researchers better understand how gene mutations can lead to cancer progression. Scientists there recently published two landmark studies in the scientific journal, Cell. Their work was based on results generated by our Orbitrap Fusion mass spec and our Ion Torrent next-gen sequencing technologies. These studies offer insight into human cell biology that may eventually lead to more effective cancer treatments and better outcomes for patients. This is a great example of the new capabilities we're now able to deliver to our customers, based on our successful integration of Life Technologies. Just to give you a quick update on where we are relative to our revenue synergy target, we continue to make great progress in Q3 building on the momentum we've had all year. With nine months behind us, we're at $50 million, which positions us to slightly exceed our revenue goal for the year. Turning to APAC and emerging markets, China seems to be on the top of everyone's mind, and I've been getting a lot of questions about it. I'm pleased to report that we had another strong quarter in China which contributed to good growth for us in APAC overall. Our China strategy is clearly working and we delivered 15% growth in Q3. We continue to work with the government and our customers to meet their goals for improving healthcare, the environment, and food safety. Back in August, I had the opportunity to visit some of these customers with our team in China, and their feedback reinforces why our technologies are well positioned there. Here are a couple of observations from my trip. It's great to see our high-end instruments in customer labs there. Our Q Exactive HF and Orbitrap Fusion Lumos mass specs are being used for proteomics research and our next-generation sequencing technologies are helping to advance oncology research. We also supplied our gas and particulate monitors to ensure that air quality was safe after the widely publicized chemical warehouse explosion in Tianjin. I think this is an example that illustrates why the diversity of our technology portfolio is a key advantage in addressing China's needs. The investments we've made in our China Innovation Center are also bearing fruit and we have a number of our products soon to be launched that have been designed specifically to meet the needs of the local market. So we have great momentum with our customers, our team is executing well and we continue to feel good about our prospects for growth in China. In other emerging markets, we continued our strategy of expanding our presence to position us for growth. And the most recent example is an investment that we made in Brazil. We opened a new Customer Experience Center in So Paulo to serve markets across Latin America. This center is a showcase for our analytical capabilities and allows us to partner with customers to help them achieve their goals by developing new methods using our technologies. We made this investment in Brazil despite the current economic challenges that this country is facing in the short term because we believe it will position us for market share gains as the customer and funding environment improves. Before I move on to our guidance, I'll make a quick comment on capital deployment. Just after quarter end, we completed our acquisition of Alfa Aesar for approximately $400 million, to expand our offering of laboratory chemicals. This is a nice complementary bolt-on that gives our customers access to a much broader portfolio, whether working in research or production. It's another great example of how we strengthen our strategic position by leveraging our scale and customer reach. In terms of capital deployment, we bought back $500 million of stock in January. We deployed $700 million to make two strategic bolt-on acquisitions and we continue to return capital to our shareholders through our quarterly dividend. So, we've deployed a total of $1.4 billion for the year-to-date in order to create value for our customers and our shareholders. Now, let me give you a quick update on our guidance for 2015. As you saw in our press release, we're raising both our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance. We now expect revenue for the year to be in the range of $16.81 billion to $16.91 billion. We're also raising our adjusted EPS guidance to a new range of $7.33 to $7.41. This equates to 5% to 6% growth over our strong results in 2014. So in summary, it was a great quarter. We delivered solid financial performance. We made excellent progress in executing our growth strategy and we continue to make wise investments to create shareholder value. With that, I'll turn the call over to our CFO, Stephen Williamson. Stephen?
Stephen Williamson - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. As usual, I'm going to begin with an overview of our total company financial performance, then provide some color on our four segments and conclude with our updated 2015 guidance. So starting with our overall financial performance for the third quarter, as you saw in our press release, we grew adjusted EPS by 5% to $1.80. GAAP EPS in Q3 was $1.18, up 1%. On the top line, we achieved organic revenue growth of 4% this quarter, and our reported revenue was down 1% year-over-year. Q3 reported revenues included a 6% headwind from foreign exchange and a neutral impact from acquisitions net of divestitures. And please note that the components of the Q3 change in revenue do not sum due to rounding. And bookings were slightly less than revenue in the quarter but grew organically in all four segments. Looking at our growth by geography, both North America and Europe grew in the mid-single-digits. Asia Pacific grew in the high-single-digits, with China growing in the mid-teens, and rest of the world declined in the mid-single-digits. Looking at our operational performance, Q3 adjusted operating income increased 2% and adjusted operating margin was 22.6%, up 70 basis points from Q3 last year, despite 110 basis points of headwind from foreign exchange. At a high level, our adjusted operating margin expansion for the quarter was driven by continued strong contribution from our primary productivity levers, global sourcing, footprint optimization and our PPI Business System, as well as continued contribution from cost synergies. To add some color on our synergies, we realized $32 million of incremental cost synergies in Q3, in line with our full year target of $130 million. And revenue synergies during the quarter were $25 million. And, as Marc mentioned, this puts us in a great position to slightly exceed our full year, 2015 target of $60 million of revenue synergies. We've been able to accelerate our actions and are on track to deliver the $150 million of revenue synergies in 2016. In Q3, we continued to make additional strategic growth investments and primarily to strengthen our core technology platforms and commercial capabilities. Moving on to the details of the P&L, total company adjusted gross margin came in at 48.3% in Q3, down 80 basis points from the previous year. The decrease was driven primarily by foreign exchange and unfavorable business mix. Adjusted SG&A in Q3 was 21.5% of revenue, which is 140 basis points favorable to Q3 2014, driven primarily by foreign exchange, cost synergies and our productivity actions. And, finally, R&D expense came in at 4.2% of revenue, flat to Q3 last year, and R&D, as a percent of our manufacturing revenue in Q3, was 6.5%. Looking at our results below the line, net interest expense in Q3 was $93 million, down $13 million from Q3 last year as a result of reducing our debt over the past 12 months. Adjusted other income for Q3 was $2 million, which is flat to Q3 last year. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 14%, 80 basis points below last year, primarily as a result of realizing the benefits of our acquisition tax planning. And average diluted shares were 402 million in Q3, down 1.7 million year-over-year, primarily as a result of share buybacks we completed in Q1 and partially offset by option dilution. So turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, cash flow from continuing operations through Q3 was $1.6 billion. And free cash flow was $1.31 billion after deducting net capital expenditures of $286 million. We ended the quarter with $505 million in cash and investments, down $265 million, sequentially from Q2 as we used surplus cash on the balance sheet, as well as cash generated in the quarter, to reduce debt. We returned $60 million of capital through dividends in the quarter and just after the quarter end, we spent approximately $400 million on the acquisition of Alfa Aesar. Our total debt at the end of Q3 was $13.3 billion, down $700 million sequentially from Q2, and our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.2 times total debt to adjusted EBITDA. We still expect to achieve a leverage ratio of about three times by the end of 2015. And wrapping up my comments on the total company performance, we continued to make progress on our ROIC, a trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC in Q3 was 9.3%, up 20 basis points sequentially from Q2. So with that, I'll now provide you with some color on the performance of our four business segments. As I highlighted for the total company, foreign exchange continued to be a significant headwind to the top line for our segments and impacted the year-over-year revenue growth and adjusted operating margins to varying degrees. Starting with the Life Sciences Solutions segment, reported revenue increased 1% in Q3, and organic revenue grew 5%. In the quarter, we continued to see strong growth in our bioproduction and bioscience businesses. Q3 adjusted operating income in Life Sciences Solutions increased 9% and adjusted operating margin was 30.8%, up 220 basis points. In the segment, adjusted operating margin benefited from very strong productivity and incremental cost synergies, along with some favorable product mix, partially offset by significantly unfavorable foreign exchange. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue decreased 1% in Q3 and organic revenue growth was 5%. In the quarter, we had strong growth in our chromatography and service businesses, which was partially offset by the continued weakness we've seen in some of our core industrial markets. Q3 adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments increased 6% and adjusted operating margin was 18.8%, up 130 basis points. In the segment, we delivered very strong productivity and we experienced favorable product mix, which was partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange and strategic growth investments. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics segment, in Q3, total revenue decreased 4% and organic growth was 1%. This was driven by good growth in our clinical diagnostics and healthcare market channel businesses, partially offset by the expiration of an OEM contract within this segment. Adjusted operating income in this segment decreased 9% in Q3 and adjusted operating margin was 26.4%, down 120 basis points from the prior year. In the segment, unfavorable foreign exchange, product mix, and strategic growth investments were partially offset by productivity initiatives. Finally, in the Lab Products and Services segment, Q3 reported revenue increased 1% and organic growth was 7%. This segment continues to benefit from our strong performance in the pharma and biotech end markets, with our biopharma services business delivering very strong growth, along with good growth across the rest of our businesses in this segment. Adjusted operating income in this segment increased 1% and adjusted operating margin was 15.2%, up 10 basis points from the prior year. Margin expansion in the quarter was driven by productivity improvements, partially offset by strategic growth investments. So with that, I'd like to review the details of our full year 2015 guidance. As you saw in our press release, we're increasing both the top and bottom line guidance, primarily as a result of somewhat better foreign exchange rates and the acquisition of Alfa Aesar which, as I mentioned, closed shortly after the quarter end. From a revenue standpoint, we're raising both the low and the high end of our guidance range, and increasing the midpoint by $70 million. This leads to a new full year 2015 revenue guidance range of $16.81 billion to $16.91 billion. Of the $70 million increase in the midpoint, approximately $40 million is due to the slightly improved foreign exchange environment and $30 million relates to the addition of Alfa Aesar. So we're still expecting organic revenue growth of about 4% for the full year 2015, consistent with our previous guidance. Acquisitions net of divestitures now contribute a little over 1% to our reported revenue growth in 2015. Moving to our adjusted EPS guidance, we're raising the low end by $0.05 to a new range of $7.33 to $7.41. This range represents a year-over-year growth 5% to 6%. The midpoint of the new range is $7.37, a $0.025 increase from our previous guidance. And to bridge the $0.025 we're driving about $0.01 of improvement from the acquisition of Alfa Aesar, $0.01 from improved foreign exchange, and about $0.005 from below the line items. Our current adjusted EPS guidance has a $0.69 or 10% negative impact from foreign exchange. If you look at our guidance on an FX neutral basis, adjusted EPS would be growing 15% to 16%, representing very strong underlying operating performance. On the top line, foreign exchange is now lowering our revenue by just over $900 million, or about 5%, so our reported revenue growth guidance would be 5% on an FX neutral basis. And in terms of adjusted operating margin pull through on the FX revenue headwind, we now expect a total impact of about $325 million, representing an average pull through of 36%, and 80 basis points of adjusted operating margin dilution. The change in foreign exchange compared to our previous guidance is an increase in revenue of about $40 million, with a pull through of approximately 15%. Consistent with past practice, our guidance assumes current foreign currency exchange rates and we haven't attempted to forecast future changes in rates. And as I mentioned previously, the guidance now includes the acquisition of Alfa Aesar, but does not include any other future acquisitions over divestitures. Turning to our adjusted operating margin guidance, we expect 70 basis points to 80 basis points of expansion year-over-year, which is unchanged from our previous guidance. On an FX neutral basis, our margin expansion would be a very strong 150 basis points to 160 basis points, also unchanged from previous guidance. Moving below the line, we're expecting net interest expense to be about $385 million, slightly higher than our previous guidance and we're forecasting our adjusted income tax rate to be about 14%, consistent with our previous guidance. In terms of capital deployment, we're still assuming that this year we'll return approximately $240 million of capital to shareholders through dividends as well as $500 million through share buybacks which we completed in January. Full year average diluted shares are estimated to be $402 million, slightly lower than our previous guidance, and we're expecting net capital expenditures to be in the range of $395 million to $410 million, down $40 million from our previous guidance. And finally, we're still expecting about $2.6 billion of free cash flow for full year 2015, consistent with our previous guidance. As always, in interpreting our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance ranges, you should focus on the midpoint as our most likely view of how we see things playing out. Results above or below the midpoint will depend on the relative strength of our markets as well as foreign exchange rate fluctuations during the rest of the year. So in summary, we delivered another solid quarter in Q3, which positions us well to achieve our 2015 financial goals. With that, I will turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Stephen. Operator, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, thanks. First, I'm wondering actually if you can call out Japan. I didn't hear that in the prepared comments. Obviously that's been a source of weakness for some of the other companies in this space. I know it was a little bit soft last quarter, so can you maybe just touch on dynamics there?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, Tycho. Good morning. Asia Pacific was strong for us in the quarter. We had great strength in China. Japan grew but in a muted fashion, not materially different than we would have expected. There's clearly some government budgeting challenges, which means that the next quarter may be a little muted, but given the strength we have in China, it shouldn't be a significant factor for Thermo Fisher.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then a question on visibility in some of the core end markets. I mean, if we look at kind of what's going on in the industrial world, obviously the data points have not exactly been encouraging from some of the companies that have reported thus far; in particular, with oil and gas exposure. Can you maybe talk on your visibility into the industrial channel over the next couple of quarters? And then similarly with pharma, you've obviously had great strength there over the past year, maybe just talk about the sustainability of those trends and obviously, with the biotech funding window shutting, whether maybe there is some sensitivity around that?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, so in terms of those end markets, Tycho, the core industrial business that we serve has been weak now for a protracted period of time and our assumption is it's going to continue to be in that state. So we did not see a further deceleration. It's been a soft end market and we've been able to power through that in terms of our driving results. So that is what it is. Applied markets, however, are continuing to have good strength. Our environmental markets, food safety was strong and, as I look forward to the next couple of quarters, the applied markets also benefit from a very nuance thing, which is in the U.S. the Coal Miner Safety Act actually has a deadline in terms of when air monitoring has to be done. And that goes into effect February 1. So we had a couple of nice things going on on the environmental side that helps us on the applied and we're making the assumption that at least for the next couple of quarters, if not longer, we're going to be in a muted industrial outlook.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then biopharma?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. In terms of pharma and biotech, I could talk about pharma and biotech forever. We're well positioned there and the market is doing great. 10% growth in the market. Clearly, as we saw in the last few quarters, the market is a little better than what it has been, say, in the previous few years. That's primarily because drugs are getting through the FDA process and getting approved. So the customers are getting a return on their R&D investments and they're spending money. And we are really well positioned with this customer set. We have incredible access to the executives at all level in these organizations. They understand our technologies and how we help drive both their productivity and innovation. And you are seeing very strong momentum across our entire portfolio from bioproduction, based on a lot of what's going on on the biotech front. Biosciences, it's a result of the synergies, if you will, in terms of leveraging the Thermo Fisher strength with these customers and biopharma services is just a great business that continues to drive momentum. So we feel good about the position for biopharma. Clearly lots of headlines about pricing and it seems to be a political hot potato that obviously is something we pay attention to, but as long as drugs are getting through the pipeline and they are making progress there, we feel that this is going to continue to be a good solid end market for us.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then just lastly, with valuations getting cheaper in the market, does that change the pace of maybe some of the M&A discussions?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, in terms of the M&A, we always have this huge pipeline of activity where we're always exploring different opportunities, and then it becomes a question of when the value creation is going to work for us. So we're looking at things as we have for the last many years and we have an interesting pipeline and should the right deal line up then you'll see us do it, and if not, we'll just get back to normal capital deployment, which is coming up soon, we're only a couple of months away from 2016. Thanks, Tycho.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Derik.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Can you talk a little bit about the OEM customer in Specialty Diagnostics and sort of what's the monetary impact of that is? I mean, what would have growth been without it?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, so good question. In terms of the Diagnostics business, we had sunsetted or we had an expiration of a contract with one OEM customer at the end of 2014. The particular customer was acquired by a competitor somewhat before that, so we knew that contract was going to come to an expiration. It was about two points of organic growth headwind in the segment in the quarter. It will be about a one point of headwind in the fourth quarter and then it is gone. It was totally baked into our guidance at the beginning of the year. It's something we knew. We knew it's more of a backend impact on this particular segment and so it's one of those things that will be behind us and positions our diagnostics business well through the other actions we're taking.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And then just my other quick one. So you're tracking in the Life Sciences Solutions business at about 4.6% averaging organic revenue growth, so nice 5% average. Is that a sustainable, something in that 4% to 5% range going forward, given where the markets are?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So as we said back in May, we raised our outlook from 3% for this segment to 4% and every quarter that we are doing 4% or better will give us more confidence that it could be higher, but we want to deliver this for a while before we create a new norm. But the team is doing a really good job of executing in our Life Sciences Solutions business. They're leveraging the capabilities of the rest of Thermo Fisher to drive growth and improve our competitive position, so more to come on that over time.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome, Derik.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Good morning, guys. I guess I just want to get back to the emerging market discussion. So obviously some of the more industrial focused countries, Russia, Brazil, et cetera have been troubled for some time, but I guess many of us are kind of surprised by the resilience of China. I guess, Marc, you spent a ton of time over there, as you think about sort of the underlying drivers, your confidence in the duration, a little context would be helpful. And then help us understand the pacing, I realize you don't have anything out there formally for next year, but the pacing of that market as we get into 2016, just because it seems like the comps will get a little more difficult. So help us frame what that trajectory could look like?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. So, Ross, in terms of emerging markets, for us this year, China is performing very well. India is performing very well. Obviously, Russia is really, really soft, right? So it is what it is. And if I go back and I think about my 15 years at the company, there's always puts and takes in emerging markets. There's very few periods where everything is robust. So it's kind of a portfolio, which is why you typically invest in the downturn in some of these markets, so you're positioned when the funding improves. While the investment we made in Brazil was not large by any sense, it was more of a statement that we're in these markets for the long term, we have important customers and as things improve we're capitalizing to seize on where the funding is. In terms of China, the team has doing a really good job. They're really executing very well and they're gaining shares as far as we can tell, through all the data we look at. What I would say is the industrial business there has been pretty muted for a while. And what's driving the growth really is the applied markets and the needs on the applied markets are very, very, very substantial, right? In terms of water issues, air pollution issues, and food safety issues, there's a huge need. And what was encouraging was to see that the food safety portion of the business is clearly picking up, which gives a encouraging view that some of those spend will be positive. China, in this environment, is very hard to forecast. So, we're certainly not in a position to talk about 2016 yet. What I can say is that we had good bookings in the quarter which positions us for a solid year in terms of China for 2015 and that's good. To me, it's about making the most of the opportunities and our team is doing a good job of pivoting to where the funding is in the Chinese market.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Got it. And maybe just on Specialty Diagnostics, we'll stick back there. So a lot of dislocation, at least amongst the public players, in the diagnostic universe. You play in some unique niche markets. How do you think about the evolution of your strategy there and where you sit today and how to think about some of the dislocations that have happened, whether it's from an M&A standpoint or a warning of staying away from certain markets. And then your appetite maybe to move upstream and to other parts of that complex, or maybe other things with sort of a more medical bias?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. So, Ross, in terms of the end markets and in this sort of the market landscape, it's a very fragmented market. We pick very carefully where we play and where we don't play. Right? We want to have good, sustainable industry structure in this segment so that you can maintain really nice profitability with a reasonable rate of growth. And that's how we played it out. We've built enough scale so that when we launch new technologies we can reach those customers easily. You know we have a focus in clinical oncology. In the sequencing business, you are hearing us talking about some launches from our analytical instruments. That all leverages the scale we have in that market. So over time, do I think there's going to be bolt-on M&A activities in the diagnostic realm? Absolutely, it's incredibly fragmented. We've got a good track record in the acquisitions that we've done there in generating really good returns. So when we see the right opportunities, we'll pick them up. And what's important to reinforce, there's nothing we have to do here, right? We have a great portfolio with a great position. So we look at them and say where do we think we can uniquely make businesses better and create value for our shareholders
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Great. Thanks, Marc.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg from UBS. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks, and congratulations, Marc, on a solid quarter and the team. I guess the main question I have for you, Marc, is if you look at book-to-bill, it's below one, it's kind of for first time in a while. I know you kind of don't  you recommend don't getting too focused on book-to-bill. So I'm just curious how you're thinking about that metric and, maybe, where you saw orders that didn't come in as quickly as revenues in the quarter?
Stephen Williamson - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, good morning, Jon. This is Stephen. So, I'll take this question. The book to bill was just below 1. For the year-to-date, it's actually just slightly above 1. And we had good bookings growth across all four segments this quarter, so no areas of concern on the book-to-bill.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And then I guess, Marc, if I look at again at acquisitions for the year, you've been kind of silent, and I'm curious. I guess, I have a little different take. Do you think that given the pull back in some of the public equity prices; do you think that makes M&A more or less likely? You have some sellers who maybe are still thinking about valuations where they were. And how would you expect M&A to influence your 2016?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I like the acquisitions that we've done. I like ASI. It serves the bioproduction segment, which is one of our fastest growing businesses and that integration has gone smoothly. Alfa Aesar is an incredibly complementary acquisition in terms of strengthening both our channel business and our global chemicals business. And I think we'll generate very strong returns there as well. In terms of the landscape, we're always looking at things, and the way that I think about it is the depressed stock prices relative to two months ago, probably doesn't reduce the price you pay for an acquisition, but it certainly would increase the odds of an acquisition happening. And I'm not saying there really is... I don't think you get a bargain because the stock is down from where it was a short while ago, but I think people say, well, God, I have to work hard to get back to it. So it becomes a little bit easier on some of those things. So I don't think it's materially different, Jon, but that's how I would handicap it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, thanks, and good morning. I wanted to start and just ask about the Lab Products and Services segment. Now two quarters with really nice high-single digit growth. Just what are your thoughts on the sustainability of that growth in the near term? And what have been some of the areas of strength there?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: A great question. So, generally, the way we think about this is a business that generally grows in line with the company average. It has a larger exposure to biotech and pharmaceutical end market, given that the biopharma services business resides there and our channel business resides there that has strong presence. So what you're seeing right now is with a very robust performance by us in the biotech and pharma market. That shows up there disproportionately, but it also shows up in Life Sciences Solutions, it shows up in our chroma and mass spec business with Analytical Instruments. But it really gets highlighted in Lab Products and Services segments. So as long as biotech and pharma continues to do well and we continue to execute well there, we should be driving pretty good growth out of LP&S.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it, that makes sense. And then just one bigger question, I guess, related to something that was asked earlier. Just around all the change that's happening in the market today around lab reimbursement, I was curious how you thought that could impact the business for Thermo or for some of your customer segments? Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, thank you. So In terms of reimbursement, there's a lot of recent press around U.S. reimbursement for certain lab tests. We've been in this environment globally for a while, right? Where you have a situation where countries are trying to keep their healthcare costs under control. And we've been able to navigate that successfully by working with our customers to help them maximize the reimbursement that they can get for their capabilities. We're making substantial investments in our health economics team, which is really what justifies why health systems around the world should be using our products. So that's part of the response. When I think about the most recent dialog in the US, clearly it would affect some of our customers, particularly in the drugs of abuse area. It's not a huge business for us, but given that we offer different methodologies that have different reimbursement rates, a lot of what we're doing with our customers now is helping them position the testing in a way that they can get properly reimbursed for their products. So we will work hard to navigate through any impacts from what's going on in some of the preliminary discussions on U.S. reimbursement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good morning.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Let me just start with a couple of, I guess, follow-up questions. On pharma, revenue growth has ranged between mid-single digits to mid-teens for the past seven quarters. I don't have the 2013 figure in front of me, but I think that was a pretty good year for that end market as well. So recognizing what you said in response to Tycho's earlier question, the comps are getting tougher and there are some building concerns about some recent developments in this end market. So as we think about the next few quarters ahead, are the fundamentals and, frankly, the value proposition that's unique to Thermo enough to overcome what really is, if nothing else, a mathematical challenge of continuing to drive growth in this end market that has been close to 10% for at least a couple of years?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, when I think about the performance, and I was looking back to 2013 as well, we grew high single digits in 2013 in pharma and biotech. We've been able to deliver that mid to high-single digit growth. Obviously, this year we've had a couple of quarters above that. Again, some difficult comparisons. We're going to have difficult comparisons next year, but we're really well positioned here. And when I think about our end markets in aggregate, I feel good about our outlook. There's always some puts and takes in the various markets, but we're well positioned here. When I think about the dialog we're having with our big pharmaceutical customers and the dialog we're having with our small biotech customers, there are so many of them, I remain bullish about the outlook for these end markets
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then really a follow-up on China, I don't know if you would be willing to get this specific, but could you share anything on the book-to-bill there and would you confirm that assumptions that you have embedded into full year guidance specific to China remain unchanged? And then any insight you could provide on what you think we should expect with the release of the new five year plan over the next few weeks?
Stephen Williamson - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Doug. So the book-to-bill is a positive book-to-bill. It's over 3% above revenue. So we've had good bookings all year really for China.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So in terms of the outlook for the year, we didn't really do much in terms of guiding by China. We kind of called it  we took a pass on it saying it was just the company average because it was hard to forecast at the beginning of the year. Clearly, China is growing meaningfully above it and has offset some other things, right? So we feel good about delivering the 4% organic growth for the full year, and like every other year, you do it using a slightly different way than what you think you're going to do at the beginning of the year because it's our job to put the resources where the best opportunities are. So China has been good, the team has executed well. It's offset some softness in other markets and we feel good about the short-term positioning there.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then the five-year plan, any insight there, Marc?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The five-year plan only to the respect that at least  obviously, they don't release it early. The priorities that have been driving our growth over the last number of years around health care expansion, food safety and environmental seem to be highly likely that those will continue to be priorities. So while they haven't published it yet, we feel like these are things that have been a priority for China and are likely to continue to be a priority going forward.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks so much for taking the questions, guys.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Arias from Citi. Please go ahead.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, good morning. Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Maybe just one for me on the biopharma side. Marc, you're obviously having a lot of success with the large players there. Can you just talk a little bit about how you're finding the ability to be a strategic partner with some of the smaller emerging biotech companies? And the reason I ask is I'm just trying to understand how spending might be post a funding event for these guys over time?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're well positioned with the smaller biotech. You may recall a couple of years ago we started to expand our coverage model. We always called on those customers, but calling on them as a company level as opposed to a business level and that's worked really well. Even if the spend might be pre-IPO, it might be $1 million or $2 million with a decent-sized startup, over time, those spends really can grow with the ones that have product developments making it through the pipeline. So we're serving those customers well. We're doing a really good job of leveraging our capabilities there. So we think that in terms of biotech, as they convert their cash into products moving through the pipeline, we'll be one of the beneficiaries of that.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks for that. And then maybe if I could just move to the academic markets, could you just give a sense of how you are seeing spending there? Is there any reason to believe that spending patterns in the fourth quarter will be different than previous periods where you've had a CR or is there some dynamic ahead of 2016 that you might think would be pertinent?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, we've been growing low-single-digits in the end market. It's very hard to forecast what's going to happen with the U.S. government. Clearly, we play a very active role in making sure that the government stays open and I do actually spend time on that because it's disruptive to our customers when we get into that debate. But right now, it looks like at least for the next month or two, it looks like things will continue to be funded and hopefully we'll get to a period where we get out of this very short term environment. There's some really better things on the mid-term, the 21st Century Cures and so just a general dialog around the NIH is much more positive. So if we can ever get to a period where we can get a budget done, we should benefit as our customers will benefit from improved funding.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): All right. Okay. Thanks very much.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, guys. Thanks a bunch. First question on pharma, could you maybe comment on the strength you saw this quarter, the extent to which you thought market share might have helped relative to the actual growth rate in the underlying end markets?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Isaac, it's pretty hard to pin down what the market share is versus the end market. I need to see what some of the other companies report to get the very crisp feel to that. But what I would say is in that growth there's not, like, big account flips. What it really is is just good share of wallet execution, just picking up share at our existing customers, driving more biosciences revenue, capitalizing on our strength of biopharma services, and bioproduction continues to be very strong for us.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. And then just a follow up on diagnostics, if we look at sort of the nine months year-to-date trend over a couple of years, the two-year stacked comp, so to speak, kind of looks like a low-single-digit number. I imagine your ambitions in diagnostics are to grow a little faster. What do you think is going to take to sort of realize the sustained growth rate that's above the corporate average?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, so in terms of the business there, when I think about the mid-term for the business and the long-term, we have some really cool products in the product development pipeline that we've foreshadowed a little bit and you're seeing some of the earlier versions of those. That will help drive very good long-term growth. In the short-term at this level, I would say primarily, what you're looking at is you've got one contract that we're just sunsetting at the end of the fourth quarter that creates a little bit of a headwind this year. But other than that, it's pretty normal rate (52:32) in terms of where it is. So I love the long-term outlook and it's a great profit generator for us with moderate growth in the very short-term as we've been going through this expiration.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks a bunch.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking the questions. Just a couple of follow-ups. Maybe I'll start first on the revenue synergies. You spoke in some detail about how revenue synergies with the integration are going this year, tracking a little ahead of plan. I wonder if you could give us a bit of incremental color on how that's tracking, specifically where are you seeing things play out a little bit better than you might have expected.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Steve, great question. So really what you are seeing is things are driving results faster. They are materializing a little faster than we expected, so basically our revenue synergy plans were kind of zero in year one, $60 million in year two, $150 million in year three. That was roughly the ramp-up. And we'll do a little better than $60 million and it puts us in a great position to achieve the $150 million. The thing that is a real highlight for us in this year, in the second year of our integration, really is is how effectively the channel business and our Life Sciences Solutions businesses are working together. So that execution has gone very well. What's to come is more around the e-commerce platform and leveraging that. And you probably have noticed that the thermofisher.com looks differently than it did a few months ago. And you now see it much more commerce-oriented as we integrated a couple of our key web properties. And you'll see more product access on that platform over time. So we have a lot of really cool things in process. Our customers are recognizing it and it's really helping drive nice growth for the company and nice growth for the Life Sciences Solutions segment.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And then the last one for me actually comes back to pharma, maybe a little bit of a finer point. As you think about end of year and the tendency for budget flush in pharma, how are you budgeting for that potential budget flush? Do you assume that there is a budget flush? And if so, is it similar to last year, higher or lower? How are you thinking about those dynamics?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So  Steve, thanks. It is always challenging to know how customers will spend at the end of the year. The last two years we've had very strong year end spending. We assume a reasonable level of year-end spend. And when I think about the fourth quarter, as I just think about, sort of, how to look at the revenue growth, what you have is the benefit of an extra day, which is good. And you have a very challenging comparison, which is a headwind. But when we put it all together, we still feel very good about our ability to deliver the 4% organic growth for the full year. So that's our view and you really don't know on the budget flush, literally until the last two weeks of the year, is really how that plays out.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks again.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: You've done a solid job this year offsetting the FX headwinds with cost actions. Should we expect any variable costs to come back into the model next year?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. In terms of the way we've managed through it, basically, we've pushed pricing harder, selectively. We're having a good year on pricing. We did manage our cost base tightly. We always manage our cost base tightly. We put a little bit more emphasis. But we did the right things for the long-term health of the business as well. So you're not going to see cost come back in because of something we did this year. In fact, you'll see us drive meaningful productivity as we get into 2016 as well.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. And then one more follow-up for Stephen. In terms of the full year free cash flow outlook of $2.6 billion. I mean, that would imply about as much cash as you've generated year-to-date coming in the fourth quarter. Can you just help me bridge the dynamics of really how you get there in the fourth quarter? Is there anything one time or unique?
Stephen Williamson - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, sure, Brandon. So, yeah, so we're just over $1.3 billion year-to-date. And when I look at Q4, Q4 is always, historically, our strongest cash flow quarter. And then when you think about the year-over-year dynamic, two significant items, really, cash taxes and cash interest in 2015 have pretty much largely been done in the first three quarters, which wasn't the case last year. So very little cash tax, cash interest payments in Q4, which helps us drive a strong cash flow  free cash flow in Q4.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Super. Thank you.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations: And operator, we're going to take one more.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Jeff Elliott from Robert W Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeff T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah, thanks for sneaking me in. Really, had two follow-ups on the last set of questions. Marc, you talked about pricing being strong selectively. I guess, can you give us an update on where pricing is at? And the second follow up is on PPI. Obviously, that program has been a huge home run for you guys. Can you talk about your visibility into future initiatives to help keep up that strong pace of margin expansion that you've been seeing?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So pricing, which over the last few years has bounced around between 0.5% and 1%, it's probably in the range of about 0.75% year-to-date, Q3 was stronger than that. So we're having a good year on pricing from that perspective. And in terms of PPI, it's who we are. Right? I mean it's how we operate, it's how we come to work every day in terms of driving productivity and efficiency and it will drive meaningful opportunities. When we talked about our longer term goals of getting our margins to 24% to 26%, PPI is a key contributor to doing that and it gives us great confidence in our ability to have really solid growth prospects in terms of earnings for many, many, many years to come.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So with that let me wrap it up with just a couple of quick things. One, thanks for joining us today. We had another solid quarter. We're in a great position to deliver another very strong year at Thermo Fisher Scientific and we look forward to reviewing our year-end results in early February. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Stephen Williamson - Vice President-Financial Operations
Analysts: Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ross Jordan Muken - Evercore ISI Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Doug A. Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jeff T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2015 Second Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Pete Wilver, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investor section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcast and Presentations until August 14, 2015. A copy of the press release of our 2015 second quarter earnings and future expectations is available in the investor section of our website under the heading Financial Results. So, before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 28, 2015 under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and also available in the Investor section of our website under the heading, SEC filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also, during this call we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our second quarter 2015 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investor section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So with that, I'd now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Ken, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our Q2 call. As you saw in our press release, we had an excellent quarter. Financially we delivered strong growth on both the top and bottom line. Operationally our team executed very well and we gained share with our customers. Strategically we continue to execute our growth plans with significant new product launches, good progress in emerging markets, and many examples again this quarter that demonstrate how our unique value proposition is resonating with our customers. We also announced a nice bolt-on acquisition near quarter end, which is an example of how we're continuing to deploy capital to create shareholder value. I'll touch on all these achievements beginning with the financial summary and my end market commentary, then I'll cover some of the business highlights from the quarter and close with our updated guidance for the year. So beginning with the financials. Our revenues in Q2 were $4.27 billion. Our adjusted operating income increased 3% to $950 million. We had good expansion in our adjusted operating margin, which increased 90 basis points to 22.3% and we delivered adjusted EPS of $1.84, which is a 7% increase over Q2 of last year. We fully leveraged our top line growth while continuing to effectively manage the business to offset the FX headwind. The power of our PPI Business System continues to contribute meaningfully to our earnings growth. Let me now put our growth in the context of our end markets. First in academic and government, we saw a good improvement in Q2 as we expected after a soft Q1. Growth here returned to a low single digits. We were encouraged that the proposed increase in NIH funding continues to move forward. While it's not likely to have any near-term impact, if enacted it would certainly be a real positive down the road. In industrial and applied, we didn't see much change with growth in the low single digits in Q2. Our core industrial businesses remain soft while our businesses serving applied markets continued to do well. In particular, we had a very strong quarter in chromatography with high demand for our HPLC and GC products. Turning to diagnostics and healthcare, also not much change here. Conditions in this end market were similar to what we saw in Q1, and we grew in the low single digits. The key contributors to our growth again this quarter were our Clinical Diagnostics and ImmunoDiagnostics businesses. Last, our performance in pharma and biotech was very strong and we grew in the mid-teens in Q2. Given our significant strength here, I want to give you a bit more color on this end market. We believe our performance was driven by a combination of three factors. First, we continue to capitalize on the strong market conditions that we're seeing, especially in biotech. Second, we're effectively leveraging our customer value proposition across our businesses, and that accelerated our excellent growth momentum in this end market. And third, the actions we've taken as part of the integration have fundamentally strengthened the growth trajectory of our BioSciences and BioProduction businesses. The revenue synergies are also starting to ramp up and beginning to contribute to our growth. Let me now highlight some of our accomplishments from the quarter in the context of our growth strategy. We made great progress to set ourselves up for another successful year. As you know, our growth strategy is centered around three things: our leadership in developing high-impact technology innovation, the advantages we have because of our scale in emerging markets, and our ability to leverage our unique customer value proposition to gain share. Starting with innovation, we followed a very productive Q1 with another quarter of significant new product launches, which strikes me is the incredible progress we're making in developing new tools with the potential to have a significant impact on the way our customers identify and treat disease. This is a very exciting time and Thermo Fisher is playing a key role in meeting some of healthcare's greatest challenges. Let me give you a few examples from the quarter. First, you all know that the American Society of Mass Spectrometry Conference is an important venue for us and always presents the opportunity to reinforce our mass spec leadership. This year we celebrated our tenth anniversary of the original Orbitrap. It's as much of a game changer in proteomics today as it was back then, and we continue to build on our leadership. Our latest Orbitrap development is the new Fusion Lumos Tribrid system, which we launched at ASMS to expand our Fusion portfolio. With Lumos, we've improved the two fundamental aspects of system performance that are most important to proteomics researchers. One is intact protein analysis, which allows scientists to perform more comprehensive protein characterization. The other is sensitivity, which is now three to five times greater than the previous Orbitrap systems. During the quarter the Gladstone Institutes at the University of California, San Francisco, opened a Thermo Fisher Scientific Proteomics facility. Scientists there are using our Orbitrap and triple quad technologies to better understand the interactions between genes and the proteins they produce. The goal of this collaboration is to better understand human biology to more effectively target and cure disease. In response to requests from our customers to manage, analyze and share the massive volumes of data generated by this kind of research, we also announced at ASMS that we've extended our Thermo Fisher Cloud platform to support proteomics. This new capability complements our existing cloud platforms for Sanger sequencing and qPCR, connecting scientists, instruments and software in a collaborative multi-disciplined environment. Another highlight from ASMS was our new Q Exactive GC-MS/MS system, which is the first instrument to combine gas chromatography with high resolution Orbitrap mass spectrometry. This significantly increases productivity for life science researchers, as well as customers working in anti-doping and food safety laboratories by bringing high sensitivity applications to those traditionally served by GC-MS. Turning to AACR, the annual meeting of cancer researchers in the U.S., we extended our QuantStudio portfolio by launching two new real time PCR systems, the QuantStudio 3 and QuantStudio 5. These new products are part of our efforts to accelerate growth in our PCR franchise. At the annual meeting of clinical oncologist called ASCO, we announced our participation in a national clinical trial being run by the National Cancer Institute. The NCI-MATCH Program expects to enroll 1,000 patients across the U.S. in a trial that will sequence genetic information to match these patients with the most effective treatments. Medical facilities in the network will use our Oncomine panel and reagents as well as our Ion Torrent system to sequence as many as 3,000 cancer samples. This is potentially ground-breaking work that is being made possible by our NextGen sequencing technologies which are ideally suited to this targeted panel approach to oncology. One final comment on innovation, we added new state-of-the-art capabilities at our BioProduction facility in the UK for the manufacture of our proprietary dry powder media. This unique granulated formula has all the benefits of traditional liquid media without the associated storage and transportation costs. This format simplifies cell culture production and is used in a range of drugs including an increasing number of cancer therapeutics. Turning to the second element of our growth strategy, emerging markets. First, I want to mention that we returned to double-digit growth in China this quarter, growing in the mid-teens, which is encouraging. Next, I wanted to spend a few minutes on a region that we don't talk as much about, the Middle East. This is a relatively underpenetrated market for us, and in May we opened our first customer experience center in Dubai. This facility showcases a wide range of our technologies, from centrifugation to mass spectrometry and genetic sequencing. We provide training there for researchers, healthcare providers and educational institutions, as well as food and beverage companies. We also plan to collaborate with local universities to train aspiring scientists in the region. The Middle Eastern countries represent a good long-term opportunity for us because they're investing heavily in research, healthcare, food safety, and environment. As we've done successfully in other emerging markets, our strategy here is to increase our direct commercial presence starting with demo and application labs like the one in Dubai. We use this as foundation for building strategic partnerships, and I'm encouraged by the progress we've made so far. The third element of our growth strategy is our customer value proposition. And a great example of how we're effectively delivering it is the growth we're driving within our life science solutions business. As I mentioned in my end market commentary, we are fully leveraging the capabilities of both companies BioSciences and BioProduction businesses as part of our integration plan. Our team has done a fantastic job of combining our offerings here in a way that really resonates with these customers and drives growth. Customers are also increasingly seeing the benefit of being able to buy Invitrogen and Applied Biosystems branded products through our research market channel, and we're seeing some nice incremental growth as a result of that as well. Just to give you a quick update on where we are relative to our synergy targets, we've made great progress on the revenue synergies in Q2 and built on the momentum we had early in the year. As we said last quarter, we expect the revenue synergies to ramp up as the year unfolds. We're at $25 million or the halfway point which puts us right on track to meet or exceed the $60 million in revenue synergies for the full year. In terms of cost synergies, we now expect to deliver $130 million of cost synergies in 2015, which is a $5 million increase over what we discussed last quarter. Before I move on to our guidance, I'll make a quick comment on capital deployment. At the end of the June we announced our agreement to acquire Alfa Aesar, a leading provider for research chemicals for approximately $400 million. This is a complementary bolt-on that strengthens our research chemicals offering, and we expect to complete the acquisition by year-end. The pending Alfa Aesar acquisition is another example of our strategy to effectively deploy capital. If you look at where we are at the halfway point, we bought back $500 million of our stock at the beginning of the year, we've deployed $300 million to acquire Advanced Scientifics in Q1, we've committed approximately $400 million to acquire Alfa Aesar and we pay a quarterly dividend. In total, we're on track to deploy approximately $1.4 billion this year to create value for our customers and our shareholders. Now let me give you a quick update on our guidance for 2015. As you saw on our press release, we're raising both our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance to reflect the impact of current foreign currency exchange rates as well as strong operating performance. We now expect revenue for the year to be in the range of $16.72 billion to $16.86 billion and we are also raising our adjusted EPS guidance to a new range of $7.28 to $7.41. This will be a 5% to 6% growth over our strong results in 2014. Given our decision to raise both revenue and earnings guidance, it's clear that we're executing well and we are in a strong position going into the back half the year. So in summary, it was a great quarter. We delivered strong performance, we made excellent progress in executing our growth strategy and we continued to put our money to work to create shareholder value. Before I turn the call over to Pete, as you probably know, this is his last earnings call. Pete has made tremendous contributions in defining and executing our growth strategy during his 11 years as CFO. He also did a great job of preparing his successor, Stephen Williamson to take on this important role. Stephen and I have worked together very closely for a long time and I am looking forward to partnering with him as he takes on the reigns as our CFO on August 1. That said, Pete is extremely committed to Thermo Fisher and has graciously accepted my offer to reconsider his retirement in March 2016 to take on a new role outside of finance. He will serve in a newly created position of executive vice president and chief administrative officer. In capacity, Pete will have responsibility for overseeing some of our corporate functions, which will help me devote more of my time to our customers. Pete is an extremely talented and valued member of the team, so I'm pleased that we'll continue to benefit from his deep knowledge of the company and his leadership. With that, I'll turn the call over to Pete.
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Marc. I appreciate your kind words and I'm very excited about my next chapter with Thermo Fisher. With that, let's move on to the numbers. As usual, I'll begin with an overview of our total company Q2 financial performance, then provide some color on our four segments and conclude with our updated 2015 guidance. As you can see from our results, we had a very strong second quarter and delivered a solid first half. In the second quarter we grew adjusted EPS by 7% to $1.84. This represents very strong underlying operating performance, given that we had a 12% headwind from FX in the quarter. GAAP EPS was $1.27 in Q2, up significantly from $0.69 in the year ago quarter, primarily as a result of lower non-cash acquisition-related charges. On the top line, organic revenue growth was 6% this quarter and our reported revenue was down 1% year-over-year. Q2 reported revenue included a 1% decline from divestitures net of acquisitions and a 6% headwind from foreign exchange. Backlog remained steady in the quarter with bookings slightly ahead of revenue. Looking at our growth by geography, both North America and Europe grew in the mid single digits. Asia-Pacific grew in the high single digits with China growing in the mid-teens and Rest of World grew in the low single digits. We don't normally provide color on Japan, but given our commentary last quarter, I wanted to provide you with a brief update on developments there. As we noted on last quarter's call, the budget was approved in early April. As Q2 progressed, we started to see funding begin to flow and Japan returned to low single-digit growth for the quarter. Looking at our operational performance, Q2 adjusted operating income increased 3% and adjusted operating margin was 22.3%, up 90 basis points from Q2 last year, despite a 100 basis point headwind from FX. At a high level, our adjusted operating margin expansion for the quarter was driven by continued strong contribution from our primary productivity levers: global sourcing, footprint optimization and our PPI Business System as well as continued contribution from cost synergies. Net acquisitions and divestitures were about 15 basis points dilutive in the quarter, driven by the Cole-Parmer divestiture and ASI acquisition. In terms of synergies, we realized $32 million of incremental cost synergies in Q2, and for the full year we now expect cost synergies of $130 million, up $5 million from our previous guidance as a result of continuing to accelerate head count and sourcing synergies. Revenue synergies during the quarter were $20 million, putting us well on track to meet or exceed our full year 2015 guidance of $60 million in revenue synergies with $20 million of adjusted operating income pull-through. In Q2 we continued to make additional strategic investments, primarily to strengthen our core technology platforms and commercial capabilities and accelerate growth. Moving on to the details of the P&L, total company adjusted gross margin came in at 48.0% in Q2, down 100 basis points from the prior year. The decrease was driven primarily by foreign exchange, unfavorable business mix and the ASI acquisition. Adjusted SG&A in Q2 was 21.7% of revenue, which is 170 basis points favorable to Q2 2014, driven primarily by volume leverage and our cost synergy and productivity actions. And finally R&D expense came in at 4.1% of revenue, 20 basis points below Q2 last year. R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue in Q2 was 6.4%. Looking at our results below the line, net interest expense in Q2 was $95 million, down $18 million from last year as a result of reducing our debt over the last 12 months. Adjusted other income for Q2 was $4 million, which is $3 million higher than Q2 last year, driven primarily by non-operating foreign exchange gains. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 14.0%, 30 basis points below last year, primarily as a result of acquisition tax planning. We returned $60 million of capital through dividends in the quarter and average diluted shares were $401.5 million in Q2, down $1.6 million year-over-year, primarily as a result of the share buy backs we completed in Q1 of this year, partially offset by option dilution. Turning to cash flow in the balance sheet, cash flow from continuing operations for the first half of the year was $849 million and free cash flow was $663 million, after deducting net capital expenditures of $186 million. This is about $160 million lower than the first half of 2014, primarily driven by volume-related working capital investments and the timing of interest and tax payments. We ended the quarter with $770 million in cash and investments, down $100 million sequentially from Q1, as we used surplus cash on the balance sheet as well as cash generated in the quarter to reduce debt. Our total debt at the end of Q2 was $14.0 billion, down $830 million sequentially from Q1, and our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.4 times total debt to adjusted EBITDA. You may have seen that we continue to capitalize on the favorable interest rate environment, having recently completed a $500 million Eurobond offerings consisting of 2.15% seven-year senior notes. We're using the proceeds to pay down short-term debt and pre-fund the Alfa Aesar acquisition. We still expect to achieve a leverage ratio of about 3 times by the end of 2015. To wrap up my comments on the total company, our trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC in Q2 was 9.1%, up 20 basis points sequentially from Q1. So with that, I'll now walk you through the performance of our four business segments. As I highlighted for the total company, FX was a significant headwind to the top line for our segments and negatively impacted their year-over-year revenue growth to varying degrees. Starting with the Life Sciences Solutions segment, reported revenue increased 2% in Q2 and organic revenue grew 7%. In the quarter we continued to see outstanding growth in our BioProduction business, in addition to very strong growth in BioSciences. Q2 adjusted operating income in Life Sciences Solutions increased 8% and adjusted operating margin was 28.6%, up 150 basis points. In the segment, margin benefited from very strong productivity and incremental costs synergies, along with meaningful volume leverage. This was partially offset by significantly unfavorable FX and the ASI acquisition. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue decreased 2% in Q2, and organic revenue growth was 4%. In the quarter we had strong growth in our chromatography and service businesses, which was partially offset by continued weakness in some of our core industrial markets. Q2 adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments increased 7% and adjusted operating margin was 18.0%, up 160 basis points. In the segment we delivered very strong productivity and good volume leverage, which was partially offset by unfavorable FX and strategic growth investments. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics segment, in Q2 total revenue decreased 4%. Organic growth was 2%, driven by our Clinical Diagnostics and ImmunoDiagnostics businesses. Adjusted operating income in the segment decreased 4% in Q2 and adjusted operating margin was 27.8%, up 20 basis points from the prior year. In the segment, we had strong productivity and solid volume leverage, partially offset by strategic growth investments and unfavorable FX. And finally in the Laboratory Products and Services segment, Q2 reported revenue was flat to prior year and organic growth was 8%. This segment benefited from our strong performance this quarter in the biopharma end market, with our biopharma services business delivering very strong growth along with good growth across the rest of the businesses in the segment. Adjusted operating income in Laboratory Products and Services increased 1% and adjusted operating margin was 15.4%, up 20 basis points from the prior year. Margin expansion in the quarter was driven by strong productivity, partially offset by unfavorable business mix and the Cole-Parmer divestiture. So with that, I'd like to review the details of our full-year 2015 guidance. As you saw in our press release, we're increasing both our top and bottom line guidance as a result of current foreign exchange rates and strong operating performance. On the top line, we're raising both the low and high end of our guidance range and increasing the midpoint by $40 million. This leads to a new full year 2015 revenue guidance range of $16.72 billion to $16.86 billion. The increase in our revenue guidance midpoint is due entirely to the change in FX rates, so we're still expecting organic revenue growth of about 4% for the full year, consistent with our previous guidance. We still expect acquisitions net of divestitures will contribute about 1% to our reported revenue growth in 2015, which excludes any impact from the pending acquisition of Alfa Aesar. Moving to our adjusted EPS guidance, we're raising the low end by $0.03 and the high end by $0.01 to a new range of $7.28 to $7.41. This range represents year-over-year growth of 5% to 6%, which compares to our previous guidance of 4% to 6% growth. To bridge the $0.02 increase in the midpoint of our full year 2015 adjusted EPS guidance, we're driving about $0.05 of improvement from operating performance in the accelerated cost synergies, which is being partially offset by about $0.03 of unfavorable pull-through on the change in FX rates. So to summarize the impact of FX on our current guidance, it's now a $0.70, or 10% year-over-year headwind to our adjusted EPS. So if you were to look at our guidance on an FX neutral basis, adjusted EPS would be growing 15% to 16%, representing very strong underlying operating performance. On the top line, FX is now lowering our revenue by about $950 million or 6%, so our reported revenue growth guidance would be 5% on an FX neutral basis. And in terms of adjusted operating margin pull-through on the FX revenue headwind, we now expect a total impact of $330 million representing an average pull-through of 35% and 80 basis points of adjusted operating margin dilution. The net result compared to our previous guidance is a positive change in revenue of about $35 million and a $15 million reduction in adjusted operating income. The negative pull-through on the increased revenue is a result of the mix of foreign currency exchange rate changes which have varying rates of pull-through along with about $10 million of incremental unfavorable transactional FX. Consistent with past practice, our guidance assumes current foreign currency exchange rates and we haven't attempted to forecast future changes in rates. And, as I mentioned previously, our guidance does not include the recently announced Alfa Aesar acquisition or any other future acquisitions or divestitures. Turning to our adjusted operating margin guidance. We now expect 70 basis points to 80 basis points of expansion year-over-year, which is 10 basis points higher at the low end than our previous guidance. On an FX-neutral basis, our margin expansion would be a very strong 150 basis points to 160 basis points. Moving below the line, we're still expecting net interest expense to be in the range of $375 million to $385 million. We're forecasting our adjusted income tax rate to be about 14%, consistent with our previous guidance. In terms of capital deployment, we're still assuming that this year will return approximately $240 million of capital to shareholders through dividends as well as $500 million through share buybacks, which we completed in January. Full-year average diluted shares are estimated to be in the range of $402 million to $403 million, about the same as 2014, and consistent with our previous guidance. We're expecting net capital expenditures to be in the range of $435 million to $450 million, unchanged from our previous guidance. And, finally, we're still expecting about $2.6 billion of free cash flow for full year 2015, consistent with previous guidance. As always, in interpreting our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance ranges, you should focus on the midpoint as our most likely view of how we see things playing out. Results above or below the midpoint will depend on the relative strength of our markets, as well as FX fluctuations during the year. In summary, we delivered a very strong top line growth and bottom line results in Q2, which positions us well at the halfway point in the year to achieve our 2015 financial goals. With that, I'll turn it back over to Ken.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Pete. Operator, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: Your first question is from the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, thanks, guys. And congrats, Pete, on the shortest retirement I've ever seen. Maybe just on some of the sequential improvement we saw here, particular on pharma, mid-teens growth was terrific. Can you maybe just help us think about how much of that is a function of the market conditions versus the life synergies versus I guess your value proposition as you described it? Obviously the growth there is driving a lot of the performance.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, Tycho, in terms of the pharma biotech end markets, clearly the underlying conditions are strong, but obviously, nothing near the mid-teens type growth. So it's been a good market. As you know, biotech funding has been robust. Pharmaceutical companies are spending more money. But the majority of the very strong performance is driven by how our value proposition is resonating with our customers, and particularly how the underlying performance of our BioProduction BioSciences business is performing with that customer set. Our teams have worked very hard in putting together the two companies' capabilities, and in each of those businesses we're gaining market share and we're also seeing the benefits from our revenue synergies starting to pick up. Obviously, the revenue synergy is not a huge contributor, but it is a nice contributor to the growth in the customer side.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And I guess, speaking about the revenue walk through the back half of the year and guidance, I mean maybe the one thing I think that maybe stands out relative to your prior comments is on China because you're coming off two strong quarters here. Maybe just give us a sense of your thoughts on China in the back half the year?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, so the team executed very well in the quarter and executed very well in the first half of the year. Our view is that there are still some overhang in the Chinese market as they work through the anti-corruption efforts, and obviously a little bit slower GDP growth. But, clearly, the conditions in China are better than what we assumed at the beginning of the year and has been a nice contributor to our growth. In terms of the outlook for the second half specifically, hard to forecast exactly, but it should be better than our original assumptions.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then, just last one. Was there a catch-up on China  I mean Japan? Pete, I know you talked about low single-digit growth. I'm just trying to think about the dynamics following the soft first quarter. How do we think about kind of the catch-up?
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, we really didn't see a catch-up. I mean, actually, the funding is still  it's flowing but it's still a little bit slow. So I would say it's kind of back to it. It was a normal quarter without any offset from the weakness in Q1.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Ross Jordan Muken - Evercore ISI: Good morning, and congrats. So I guess it's sort of odd  two years in a row we've had this dynamic where strong fourth quarter, weaker first quarter, recovery second quarter. I mean, I know you had given us last quarter some commentary that you had been sort of trying to understand the timing dynamic. And obviously we had a bit of a backlog build. Last quarter you had very good orders, so that sort of explains some of the sequential improvement. But as you think about the pacing and predictability in the business, anything new to share in terms of the magnitude of those sort of inflections on a quarterly basis? I mean, we always think of your business as so predictable.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, Ross, the business is quite predictable. If you think about it, we were not concerned after Q1 in our ability to do the 4% organic growth of the full year. And we're not doing victory laps after a strong Q2. We're right where we expected to be at the halfway point of the year. There were a lot of nuances to the calendar. You had less days in Q1 versus the prior year, you had clearly some customers flush some money at the end of the last year that bought some products that they knew they would use and that led to a little bit of a softer start. But we saw that the improvements happening as that first quarter went on and the team delivered a great Q2. And we sit at about 4% organic growth at the halfway point, which is where we want it to be, and we feel confident in our ability to deliver 4% growth for the full year.
Ross Jordan Muken - Evercore ISI: Maybe turning to sort of obligatory section on M&A. You guys have been more active on the tuck-in side. It's actually kind of contradictory to what we're seeing in the market. I was listening to our company's call before and there's been a lot of large transactions versus small, which is not unusual, given where we are in the cycle. I mean, I guess is your thinking about the pipeline and the components of value you're seeing in different sub-segments, how would you sort of characterize for life sciences and diagnostics and the various areas you touch activity levels and more so on the mid-size because it seems like that's where you've been more active. How the sourcing and sort of pacing of deals is trending.
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, Ross, in terms of the industry, it's a $100 billion industry. We're the market leader, but we obviously have less than 20% share in aggregate. So still very fragmented, even when you take the largest few players, it's still a very fragmented industry. We have a good pipeline of bolt-on transactions. We've done two that we feel good about it and we evaluate others. And we always have an interesting pipeline on that front. The way I think about it, is we follow our criteria. Is it going to strengthen the company strategically, is it going to be well received and help the customers and clearly is it going to create shareholder value as measured by the rates of returns on those investments. And we were able to do two transactions and we'll continue to look at that pipeline over time and I think we're in a good position from the ability to deploy capital to create shareholder value.
Ross Jordan Muken - Evercore ISI: Great. And lastly, so I guess, Pete, congrats on staying. Is it possible we'll get you to do cameos down the road and maybe pop in on earnings call? I was just coming to grips with you leaving and so now that you're back, I'm excited about maybe you participating a little bit more. So, is it too big of a request to ask you to come back maybe once a year and pop in?
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So the only cameo you might see, Pete, is certainly not in the finance or the earnings calls, but maybe you'll see him occasionally with a tennis racquet or golf after hours. But you'll have to reach out that way. One of the things is that for clarity, I think it was after the period where Pete reflected on the transition to CFO and was able to take a deep breath and feel totally confident in Stephen that he and I started to talk about the next chapter of his life. I think he can add enormous value by not spending time on the finance function but rather helping us build our capabilities and strengthen the company in some other areas. So no more cameos for Pete here, but you can always reach him on non-financial related topics.
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, Ross, I'm very happy to be doing my last earnings call.
Ross Jordan Muken - Evercore ISI: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good afternoon or good morning. Hey, Marc, can I just clarify your China comments? You talked about feeling a little bit better about the second half. Is that optimism driven by your backlog and the orders you have in hand? And so this leads to the question of how much visibility you have so is this certain China macro instability something we need to worry about in 2016?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, it's a good question. In terms of visibility in China, it's less than what it used to be, say a couple of years ago, but it's not perfect. My comment really is saying we were expecting the company average for the year, when we gave the original guidance, and we've been growing. We grew high single digits in Q1, mid-teens in Q2 and we're likely to grow certainly better than the low single digit type growth, mid single digit growth for the full year. So that's really the reflection on the comment. Visibility, I think it's going to take some time before you get back to very clear visibility in China because they're still working through a lot of changes in the government.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And I guess I have to ask the obligatory NIH question and is that  how are you thinking about what's going on there? And I believe when we had you on the road recently you were still thinking that maybe the budgets could give you somewhere between 25 bps and 50 bps of incremental organic revenue growth if they go through with things. Is that still sort of your thinking on it?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, the way I think about it, I don't expect the budgeting process and things like the 21st Century Cures to have any impact in this calendar year, but could set us up for a very attractive growth environment for the NIH and US academic and government going forward, should those things become law. So those are really good, important pieces of legislation, and if we can get those enacted, that clearly is going to be a big improvement in the NIH funding. I think it's almost $9 billion of funding over the upcoming year's period. So it could be super exciting if it goes through the process.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg from UBS. Your line is open.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Great. I'll offer my congratulations to you, Pete, and good luck with the new role in the future. And we look forward to seeing you on the tennis court, as Marc said.
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Jon.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: So, Marc, I want to follow-up on kind of your comments. You mentioned and I was kind of just  this morning doing the same thing, 2% first quarter, 6% this quarter, so first half you're sitting right at 4%, which is what you expect for the year. If you look at this quarter, I think what will really stand out to people is obviously that biopharma, and in particular, I think that Life Sciences Solutions growth of 7%. Many people thought that business might actually grow below the organic rate of the company. So can you maybe dive in a little bit and give a more specific example? I think you mentioned that the third action point of kind of growth in BioSciences and BioProduction really helped out biopharma and I'm assuming that's somewhat tied to what's happening in Life Science Solutions. So can you maybe provide a little bit more detail or specific details about the actions that you took? And then secondly about, kind of for the second half of the year, do you expect biopharma to keep growing at this mid-teens rate or high single digit rate, let's call it, and the rest of the businesses to stay low single digit? Or is there something you see that makes you think that maybe diagnostic and healthcare, industrial or something there could get a little bit better in the second half? Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, good questions in a bunch, too. Let me start with the broader end markets and then I'll hit the specifics within the Life Science Solutions and what's going on there. If I think about the second half, we wouldn't expect pharma and biotech to be at that same torrid pace of Q2, but certainly will be a strong end market for us in the second half of the year. And our expectation is that fairly similar conditions in the academic government and diagnostics and healthcare and industrial and applied in the second half than it was in the first half. Probably slight improvements from where they are, but not particularly material and when you kind of walk through the math, that sort of gets you to the 4% growth. Within the Life Science Solutions segment, the team has done a great job in leveraging the combined capabilities of the company. And that is, obviously there was a lot of redundant cost and there has been an interesting  driving of great earnings growth, but also reinvestment in certain parts of the business, as well. While we have been raising synergy targets, we've also been able to strengthen the fundamentals of the business. You're seeing nice impact innovation in the BioSciences business. That is clearly helping accelerate the growth there. And commercially, both BioProduction and BioSciences is really leveraging the strength of the excellent commercial footprint that Thermo Fisher Scientific has in serving that customer set; leveraging our channel but also leveraging the corporate accounts and the strong relationships and the combination of good innovation and good commercial execution has put that business on a nice growth path and that's helped us, both in the biopharma customer set, but also helped us strengthen our Life Science Solutions business. When you go back to our Analyst Meeting in May, we expressed our confidence in changing the long-term outlook from 3% to 4% organic growth for that business, and we feel good about that. And I think a quarter like this shows you some of the early progress that we're making in strengthening the growth outlook for the business.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: That's helpful. And then if I could just quickly, as you look at your end markets again, I mean, if you go back to the lives (44:14) again, one could kind of argue that you looked out and said maybe people are too down on government and academic in the long run and it's not such a bad market. Are there any markets you're seeing like that right now that maybe people are too euphoric in one area but maybe discounting another that you think are good markets?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: When you think about the business that we have, we serve four end markets. They're slightly off-cycle from one another, which actually allows us to deliver very consistent growth. Because it's unlikely that all four are going to be in a trough, and it's unlikely that all four are going to be at a robust period. So you get this nice effect of getting steady, organic growth over long periods of time. In terms of the longer-term outlook, we've had, obviously, choppy academic and government end markets for a while, and things like the 21st Century Cures which pulls through, things like a recovery longer-term in China from  can be things of help that end market. Will that be a robustly growing market? No. But could it be better than where it is today? Sure. Over time I think that's probably the one that you'd see opportunities. Within Thermo Fisher, we're very bullish on the long-term prospects for our healthcare and diagnostics business and see that over time being one of our faster growing markets, particularly because we're driving the penetration of Life Science Tools into that market. So things like mass spectrometry, NextGen sequencing will be longer-term growth drivers for that end market, and we think that we're well positioned to get very good growth there over time.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks, Marc. Helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard from Jefferies. Your line is open.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Marc, I guess, sticking with the theme, if we look at the LPS business and the volatility in that segment's core revenue growth, I mean, there are one or two things that you attribute to the volatility we've seen more recently in the growth rates, which is above what this business used to  how it used to perform, and, I mean, given the high mix of consumables in the channel business, would expect, I guess, a little more consistency. Does that normalize at some point in your view?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think that the Laboratory Products and Services business performed really well, and if you look back over the last few years, I mean, it really has been one of the nice growth drivers for the company. In the quarter, all three of the businesses that make up the segment, our Lab Products, our Customer Channels, and our BioPharma Services business, had a really good quarter, and so I feel good about it. In terms of why softer Q1 and then a stronger Q2 really reflects what's going on at the company level, it's not particularly segment thing. You get the same days of calendar effects in that business as you would elsewhere in the same days of the budget flush in Q4 starting out with a weaker start. So, it's a good grower for the company and one that is the heart of our customer value proposition. So, I think it's a nice growth driver going forward, as it has been historically.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: And then one more for Pete. Would be curious if you could break out the effect of currency and mix, just the components in the gross margin in the second quarter.
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. So the year-over-year bridge between 49% last year and 48% this year in gross margin, we had about 75 basis points of headwind as a result of FX and about 80 basis points of unfavorable mix, that's both segment and within segment mix. And then obviously very good productivity, over 100 basis points.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Super. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions, everyone. The progress in China is nice to see. It's very much in line with  maybe a little bit ahead of what you had anticipated, but I take your comments to mean that you don't anticipate  and this is, of course, pretty normal for Thermo  anything along the lines of let's say a budget flush in China in the latter stages of the year. As we talk to industrials companies and tools companies, it seems like opinions on the likelihood of some sort of budget flush are really all over the map. It'd be interesting to hear your thoughts on that. Why is it you think there are divergent opinions and what are you watching to get a sense for whether any acceleration in China is a function of that in the latter stages of the year is reasonably possible?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, in terms of the  whether you would have outsize growth at the end of the year, it really is hard to forecast that. And if I think back in my 15 years with the company, it's really something that we don't actually spend a ton of time on in terms of what's going to happen in December in that particular market. Generally the macro trends are pretty favorable in China because GDP growth there is faster there than anywhere else in the world roughly, and the needs for our products; environmental protection, food safety, healthcare expansion are right there in the sweet spot. So, we always think that long term that we're well positioned to have outsize growth in China and get a little less focused on what's going to happen quarter to quarter. I will be there again next month and look forward to working with the team and visiting a bunch of customers, and maybe in the Q3 call I'll have a little more color on how we see the very end of the year playing out.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then incremental to your comments around the $1.4 billion of capital deployment this year, it's always helpful just to hear how you're thinking about the gating factors for any incremental share repurchase. Are we waiting to see what comes through from the M&A funnel? Are there other gates we ought to consider? And, again, I will thank you guys for all the help this morning.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. So, right now with the $1.4 billion that we have deployed and expect to deploy, that would put us at the three times leverage ratio approximately at the end of the year, which really sets us up for a great position going into 2016. We do evaluate share buybacks from time to time, and we do have an authorization. But at least at this point we're not expecting anything in the super short term. And then we plan to get back to a more normal capital deployment as we get into 2016. But we're always flexible depending on what's going on in the end markets and what's going on with the stock price at a particular point in time.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel from Cowen & Co. Your line is open.
Doug A. Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, guys. How would you describe the pricing environment? Really what I'm getting at is how does it compare to recent periods and given that the value proposition is clearly working more and more? Is the outlook improving for pricing in the coming quarters?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, in terms of the pricing environment, actually Q2 was a strong pricing environment for us. One of the things that we mentioned at the beginning of the year with the foreign exchange headwinds where we were going to take some incremental actions on pricing and we saw some of the benefits of that. So at the halfway point of the year, Doug, we're a little bit above 50 basis points on price, which is good. It's a little better than what we've been experiencing over the last couple years. So, that's going in the right direction and generally a pretty stable price environment.
Doug A. Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, And a clarifying question on guidance or I guess just that's framed by guidance. As you noted and provided a lot of detail, so thanks for that, Pete. You increased revenue growth guidance largely due to FX, but you actually indicated that FX is an incremental drag on EPS. Is any of that reflective of changes in what you're expecting by geography? Essentially have your growth assumptions by geography that are imbedded into overall guidance, have they changed?
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No. It's really being driven by just the respective changes in foreign currency exchange rates. So, for instance, compared to our previous guidance, the yen, which pulls through at about 60% is up 2.5%  or declined by about 2.5%, while the pound, which is pull through less than 5% actually went up by 3.5%. You can see just those two currencies, which are two of our significant currencies, you end up with positive revenue and negative pull-through. So it's just the relative changes in the currencies.
Doug A. Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And one last one. You guys had a really strong Analytical Instruments margin performance in the quarter. I think you were up 130 basis points sequentially, 160 basis points year-over-year. I think it's fair to say that was better than many expected in a quarter where I think the organic growth was solid but about as expected and FX remained a tough headwind. Is there any additional dynamic to kind of walk through here just to kind of explain that solid performance and the sustainability moving forward? Thank you.
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, in terms of year-over-year improvement 150 basis points, really solid improvement there. We had great productivity. Probably 50 basis points or so above what our normal run rate would be. We had really good pull-through on the incremental revenue. And that, obviously, was a little bit offset by foreign exchange, which was a pretty significant headwind. I would say this is an outsized level of expansion. So I wouldn't expect that every quarter going forward. But really good performance this quarter.
Doug A. Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks, again.
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, good morning, guys. Thank you. A question first on diagnostics. I used to think of that business as being maybe a mid to high single-digit growth area. And last year, I appreciated a little bit of a tougher comp in 2Q versus 1Q. But just wondering kind of how you're looking at the growth rate there and wondering if it was  whether it was transplant diagnostics or maybe another area? If there was something that's been sort of weighing on the growth rate that could either abate or turn for the better.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, so Isaac, good morning. In terms of the diagnostics and healthcare, no  really if I think about the first half of low single-digit growth, first quarter you had the calendar. And in the first half a little bit weaker seasonal on both flu and allergy relative to the prior year. So those are really the factors there. The way I think about is I agree with you. I think on the mid-term and beyond is actually one of our faster growing businesses. Transplant did fine, so no issues there. So I think it's more just as you see some of the new products get launched in future periods, you'll see that growth pick up over time.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And then just another question on bioprocess. I think you touched a little bit qualitatively on how that's going. But wondering if put some rough numbers? It seems like that market was off to a hard start for everyone in the first quarter, and I'm assuming that was the case. But just wondering if you can put some numbers around bioprocess this quarter as well as your expectations for the balance of the year? Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. It's a strong business for us. It was a meaningful contributor to our growth within the Life Science Solutions segment, and certainly of a meaningful scale business, our fastest growing business. So really a good performer. On the specific numbers it's well above the company average.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks a bunch.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Elliott from Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Good morning. Marc, could you provide some additional color on the biopharma end market? I guess specifically what I'm looking for is what do you see in large pharma, kind of spec pharm, biotech, and what are the growth rates there?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So biotech by far the fastest-growing subset. You may recall a few quarters ago I talked about and certainly we reinforced, Alan Malus reinforced at the Analyst Meeting. Our push from how we approach our customers, we had great momentum with large pharma to really expand our efforts with biotech. And that clearly is paying off, right? So the biotech funding environment as you know is very strong and that's translating into spending at the Life Science Tools level, and we're well-positioned to capitalize on it. But our Big Pharma customers are doing well, right? Their pipelines look better and more drugs are getting approved and we're very well-positioned because of our value propositions. So we're seeing good growth there with our larger customers as well. So biotech is strongest, but not really any particular points of weakness within that customer set.
Jeff T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): That's great. And a follow-up on the chromatography strength. I guess how would you position this? Is this mainly a factor of the new products and execution on your side, or are you seeing any disruption in the competitive environment that you're taking advantage of?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No disruption on the competitive front. We have good competitors in the field. In terms of  we had really good strength. Our team did a nice job. Ion Chromatography did well, the liquid chromatography did well and gas chromatography did well in the quarter. So really good strength between the instruments and consumables, so just really solid execution. New products help, but that wasn't a material driver of the very strong performance.
Jeff T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks a lot. thanks, guys.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations: And, Operator, we have time for just one more.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Jack Meehan from Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, thanks. And thanks for squeezing me in. I just wanted to ask one more or the policy side with the NIH funding. And just as you're talking with customers today, I know think you're thinking about this maybe as being more of a 2016 helper. But just if you're seeing anybody preparing ahead of the bill, and then whether you think you could actually bleed over from academic into any other customer segments?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We have a lot of dialogue with our academic and government customers, and I would say that it is  no one's spending in advance of it. I think that a lot of folks are trying to push to get these things over the goal line because it would be good for the U.S. and certainly good for their own environment. So you have a lot of folks rallying to get it through, but I don't think anyone is spending yet. I don't think that in the short term it will bleed into other segments, but I do think strong NIH funding actually positions biotech pharma and the diagnostics segments better, because there is clearly a spillover. So pumping more money into that from a government perspective is a huge positive for the eco system down the road. So, as you know, I'm a big believer in the NIH.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah, got it. And then, just the last one on the LPS strength. I was just curious on the clinical side of the market, whether you've seen any sort of changes in the volume dynamic in the U.S. that you thought was helping there and driving some of the robust growth the past couple of years?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, nothing particular. The clinical exposure in that segment is a little bit less than the company average. So not really a big driver there. So thank you for the question.
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So before Marc makes his closing comments, I just wanted to say how much I've enjoyed being CFO for the past 11 years. And I'm really going to miss interacting with our investors and sell side analysts. As you know, Stephen and I have worked together for 15 years. He knows the company as well as I do and I'm very confident that he'll do a great job as CFO and continue to work with Marc and the rest of the team to take Thermo Fisher to the next level.
Stephen Williamson - Vice President-Financial Operations: Thanks, Pete. I'm really excited about the new role. I hope to meet many of you during the course of the year. I look forward to updating everyone on our Q3 call in October.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So with that to wrap up we had an excellent Q2. We're in a great position to deliver another strong year and we look forward to updating you on our progress in the next quarter. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Doug A. Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Peter R. Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Paul R. Knight - Janney Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2015 First Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Pete Wilver, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investor section of our website, thermofisher.com under the heading Webcast and Presentations until May 15, 2015. A copy of the press release of our 2015 first quarter earnings and future expectations is available on the Investor section of our website under the heading Financial Results. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and also available in the Investor section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change, therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during the call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our first quarter 2015 earnings and future expectations, and also in the Investor section of our website under the heading Financial Information. Also before we get started, one other item to note is that the commentary that we're going to provide on the company's total organic revenue growth, as well as revenue growth by end market and by geography, now includes the performance of Life Technologies as of February 4, 2015, the one-year anniversary date of the acquisition. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Ken, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our Q1 call. To summarize our performance this quarter, we delivered solid earnings growth. We launched a number of exciting new products, further strengthened our presence in emerging markets, and began to realize revenue synergies from combining our new capabilities. All of this creates even more value for our customers. At the same time, we took new cost actions to offset the additional FX headwinds that have occurred since our previous guidance. Based on these accomplishments, we remain well-positioned to deliver on our growth goals for the year. As usual, I'll begin with a financial summary and give you some color on our performance by end market, then I'll cover some of the business highlights from the quarter, provide an update on our synergies and then capital deployment, and wrap up with our current guidance outlook. So starting with the financials, our revenue in Q1 grew slightly to $3.92 billion. Our adjusted operating income increased 3% to $857 million. We expanded our adjusted operating margin by 60 basis points to 21.9%, and we delivered adjusted EPS of $1.63, which is a 7% increase over Q1 last year. Our solid adjusted earnings per share growth is a result of the productivity that we always generate through our PPI Business System, and our ability to fully leverage our top line growth to drive bottom line performance. Looking at our growth performance by end market, although the environment in Europe had an overall dampening effect, what we saw in Q1 was generally in line with our expectations. The one exception was academic and government, which came in softer than we expected. So let me start there, with the academic and government end market, which declined in the low-single-digits during the quarter. This was driven primarily by Japan's well-publicized government budget delays, as well as a tough Q1 comp because of the consumption tax dynamic a year ago, which we had anticipated. We expect that the academic and government end market will be stronger in the balance of the year. Turning to industrial and applied, we grew here in the low-single-digits. Our businesses serving commodity materials markets continued to be soft, while those serving applied markets did very well, similar to what we've seen in this end market for a while. In particular, our chromatography business had another strong quarter. In diagnostics and healthcare, we grew in the low-single-digits during the quarter. We had good growth in our clinical diagnostics and immunodiagnostics businesses, as well as our healthcare market channel. Last, in pharma and biotech, our performance here continues to be very solid, with strong mid-single-digit growth. Our BioProduction business delivered a particularly strong quarter. I've invested quite a bit of time in the past few months meeting with our pharma and biotech customers to get their feedback and better understand how we can partner in driving their innovation and productivity. Our value proposition is a key differentiator, and we continue to gain momentum here. Let me now highlight some of our accomplishments from the quarter, which will show the great progress we've made to set ourselves up for a successful year. As you know, our key growth drivers are: developing innovative new products, expanding our presence in emerging markets, and leveraging our unique customer value proposition to gain share. So in terms of innovation, we have a lot to talk about here, but I'll focus on just a few of the new product launches from Q1. First, at Pittcon, we've been focused on our customers in applied markets and using our analytical instrument leadership to develop new Thermo Scientific products that are both powerful and easy to use. One of the most novel new products we introduced was our Gemini chemical analyzer. It combines FTIR and Raman technologies in a handheld unit that can identify unknown chemicals and explosives in the field. We have essentially redefined handheld instrumentation with a two-in-one analyzer that can be used by the military to protect troops, or by first responders to keep the public safe. We also continued to expand our industry-leading Orbitrap Mass Spec franchise by launching the Q Exactive LC-MS. This is a more powerful alternative to Q-TOF analysis for customers working in forensic toxicology, pharma QA/QC, or food and environmental testing. The advantage of the Q Exactive Focus is its ability to perform high-resolution, accurate mass analysis at a much lower price point than our other Orbitrap-based systems or competing Q-TOF technologies. Another highlight worth noting was that our customers who read SelectScience magazine voted Thermo Fisher, their Company of the Year, based on peer reviews and ratings. This award recognizes the strong customer allegiance we built through our leadership in analytical instruments. Separate from Pittcon, we launched a new personal monitor to protect miners from exposure to coal dust, which can cause black lung disease. The new generation PDM3700 delivers improved performance over our original unit, which was developed through a unique collaboration with government agencies, labor representatives and the mining industry. In laboratory equipment, we introduced a new ultra-low temperature freezer called the TSX, which is an advancement in both efficiency and sustainability. It runs on a natural refrigerant that uses 50% less energy than a conventional freezer and has less impact on the environment. The TSX is a great example of our commitment to helping our customers protect the integrity of their samples, while achieving their sustainability goals. The last product that I'll highlight is from our next-generation sequencing line and represents our latest development for advancing clinical research in oncology. Based on our Ion Torrent AmpliSeq technology, the RNA Fusion Lung Cancer Panel is a new tool for detecting gene mutations in very small tissue samples. This panel was confirmed by a consortium of leading clinical researchers from around the world, who are considered pioneers in colon and lung cancer research. I think these examples clearly demonstrate our commitment to innovation and to fulfilling our mission, which is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Turning now to emerging markets. As highlighted in our press release, we made great progress here as well and we had good growth in China, South Korea and India during the quarter. We're pleased to report that China grew in the high-single-digits in Q1, strength in biopharma and healthcare led to a strong demand for our laboratory equipment, consumables and bioscience reagents. We also benefited from good growth in air and water quality monitoring. While this is not yet indicative of a trend, it's certainly going in the right direction. I traveled to China in late March to visit with our key customers and get a first-hand understanding of the local dynamics from our leadership team there. I came away very optimistic about our long-term prospects. We're seeing strong growth in products we make in China, which means our low-cost region manufacturing strategy is paying off. We also expect to launch several exciting new products this year that have been developed in our China Technology Center. As China prepares to announce its next five-year plan in early 2016, we're confident that Thermo Fisher will be in an excellent position to capture those opportunities and gain share. In other emerging markets, we also noted in our press release that we acquired two of our channel partners, one covering South Korea, the other covering Singapore and Malaysia. These channels increase our direct access to analytical instrument customers in Asia. We're also expanding our commercial presence in Vietnam, Thailand and Indonesia with the opening of new sales offices, demonstrating our commitment to serving our customers across Southeast Asia. After acquiring the Singapore channel partner, we quickly integrated their operations in demo labs into our Marsiling facility there, which we built into a new Center of Excellence as part of the integration of our Life Science Solutions business. This is another example of the synergies we're creating as a result of the acquisition of Life Technologies with the goal of combining our capabilities in a way that strengthens our customer value proposition. Last quarter I mentioned that we began selling thousands of Invitrogen and Applied Biosystems branded products through our Fisher Scientific channel within our Lab Products and Services segment. I'm pleased to report that we're already seeing some incremental growth as a result of that. Just to give you a quick update on the acquisition synergies, we're off to a great start here as well. We began to see some of the revenue synergies kick in during Q1 and we're confident that we'll deliver the $60 million of revenue synergies we committed to this year. In terms of the cost synergies, for the full year, we now do expect to deliver $125 million of cost synergies, up from our previous guidance of $150 million this year. Pete will provide a bit more detail in his remarks. Before I turn to our guidance, I'll make a quick comment on capital deployment. As you know, we started to deploy capital immediately in 2015 buying $500 million of our stock in the first few weeks of the year. We have many opportunities ahead to create shareholder value by effectively deploying capital through a combination of stock buybacks, dividends and strategic M&A. On the topic of M&A, we spent $300 million in Q1 to acquire a nice bolt-on to our BioProduction capabilities, Advanced Scientific Inc., or ASI, which had $80 million of revenue in 2014 and offers customized single use systems and bioprocess equipment. These products complement our existing single use technologies. They strengthen our ability to help our life sciences and healthcare customers quickly develop high-quality low-cost solutions for their production of biologics. Now let me give you a quick update on our guidance for 2015. As you saw in our press release, we're updating our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance to reflect the impact of more unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates as well as stronger operating performance and the acquisition of ASI. We now expect revenue for the full year to be in the range of $16.67 billion to $16.83 billion. We're also raising the low-end of our adjusted EPS range by $0.03 to a new range of $7.25 to $7.40, which would result in 4% to 6% growth over 2014. Given the additional $0.09 of FX headwind in our guidance, I think it shows that we're managing in this environment very effectively. In addition to the productivity we always drive through our PPI Business System, last quarter we said, we'd take further actions if FX rates deteriorated. This was the case, so in Q1, we began implementing targeted price increases, putting more focus on gaining concessions from our supplier base and controlling costs more tightly. Before I turn the call over to Pete, let me summarize my remarks by saying we performed well financially. We had another quarter of solid adjusted EPS growth. We continued to invest in a bright future by successfully executing our growth strategy, and last, the integration continues to go very well and we're on track to deliver our revenue and cost synergy targets. All of this positions us to achieve another strong year. With that, I'll now hand the call over to Pete.
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Marc. Good morning, everyone. As usual, I'll begin with an overview of our Q1 financial performance for the total company then provide some color on our four segments and conclude with our updated 2015 guidance. As a reminder, at the total company level, we're reporting organic revenue growth using our standard methodology. That means that we've excluded the results of Life Technologies up to the one-year anniversary date of the acquisition, which was in early February. However, for the Life Sciences Solutions segment, we're continuing to provide organic revenue growth on a pro forma basis as if we had owned Life Technologies for all of 2014 and 2015 to give you more relevant insight into the growth performance of that segment. So starting with our overall financial performance, in the first quarter, we grew adjusted EPS by 7% to $1.63, which represents very strong underlying operating performance given a 10% headwind from FX. GAAP EPS was $0.96 in Q1, down 29% from $1.36 in the prior-year's quarter primarily as a result of the gain on divestitures in the prior year. On the top line, organic revenue growth was 2% this quarter and our reported revenue was flat year-over-year. Q1 reported revenue included 5% growth from acquisitions net of divestitures and a 6% headwind from foreign exchange. Please note that the components of the Q1 change in revenue did not sum due to rounding. We strengthened our backlog in the quarter with bookings more than 1% higher than revenue. Looking at our growth by geography, North America grew in the low-single-digits and Europe declined in the low-single-digits. Asia Pacific grew in the mid-single-digits with China growing high-single-digits. Also of note, Japan declined in the mid-single-digits as a result of government funding delays and a very strong growth in the prior year, as Marc mentioned. Rest of world grew in the low-single-digits. Looking at our operational performance, Q1 adjusted operating income increased 3% and adjusted operating margin was 21.9%, up 60 basis points from Q1 last year despite a 60-basis-point headwind from FX. At a high level, our adjusted operating margin expansion for the quarter was driven by continued strong contribution from our primary productivity levers, global sourcing, footprint optimization and our PPI Business System as well as strong year-over-year contribution from cost synergies. Net acquisitions and divestitures were actually about 25 basis points dilutive in the quarter primarily as a result of picking up January results for Life Technologies, which were at a much lower margin than the company average for the quarter as expected. We realized $14 million of benefit from our restructuring actions in Q1 and we also realized incremental synergies of $48 million. From a quarterly phasing perspective, in 2015, Q1 benefits the most from year-over-year synergies because we had no synergies in January of last year compared to having a full-year 2014 run rate of synergies in January of this year. For the full year, we now expect cost synergies of $125 million, up $10 million from our previous guidance of $115 million primarily as a result of accelerating realization of head count and sourcing synergies. Revenue synergies during the quarter were $5 million with $2 million of adjusted operating income pull-through. We expect revenue synergies to accelerate through the year, so we're still on track to achieve our full-year 2015 guidance of $60 million in revenue synergies and $20 million of adjusted operating income pull-through. In Q1, we continued to make additional strategic investments primarily to strengthen our core technology platforms and commercial capabilities and accelerate growth. Moving on to the details of the P&L. Total company adjusted gross margin came in at 49.3% in Q1, up 110 basis points from the prior year. The increase was driven by the addition of Life Technologies as well as solid productivity across our businesses. Adjusted SG&A in Q1 was 23.2% of revenue, which is 10 basis points unfavorable to Q1 2014. The increase was primarily a result of the addition of Life Technologies, partially offset by volume leverage and our cost synergy and productivity actions. Finally, R&D expense came in at 4.2% of revenue, 40 basis points above the same quarter last year. This increase reflects the impact of that relatively higher level of R&D investment in the Life Sciences Solutions segment. R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue in Q1 was about 6.5%. Looking at our results below the line, net interest expense in Q1 was $101 million, down $4 million from last year, primarily as a result of paying down our debt balance versus the prior year. We also restructured some of our debt during the quarter to lower our interest cost, which was included in the previous guidance. Adjusted other income for Q1 was $7 million, which was $5 million higher than Q1 2014, driven primarily by non-operating foreign exchange gains. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 14%, 200 basis points below last year, primarily as a result of acquisition tax planning. We spent $500 million in January to buy back 3.9 million of our shares and we returned an additional $61 million of capital through dividends in the quarter. Average diluted shares were 401.4 million in Q1, up 3 million or 1% from last year, primarily as a result of the shares we issued to partially fund the Life Technologies acquisition, along with some option dilution, partially offset by the share buybacks. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, cash flow from continuing operations in Q1 was $82 million and free cash flow was negative $15 million, after deducting net capital expenditures of $97 million. This compares to $1 million of free cash flow in Q1 2014. Compared to the prior year, we picked up about $300 million of non-repeating  from not repeating the acquisition-related payments that you may recall we made last year, which was offset by the timing of interest and tax payments, as well as normalization of Life Technologies into our Q1 results. We ended the quarter with $870 million in cash and investments, down $480 million sequentially from Q4 2014. The decrease was driven by our capital deployment on share buybacks, the ASI acquisition, and dividends. Our total debt at the end of Q1 was $14.9 billion, up $300 million from Q4 2014, and our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.6 times total debt to adjusted EBITDA. We continue to expect to achieve our target leverage ratio of 2.5 times to 3 times by the end of 2015. So let me wrap up my comments on the total company with my usual update on our performance in terms of return on invested capital. Our trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC in Q1 2015 was 8.9%, down 60 basis points from Q4 2014. This is in line with our expectations and as a result of adding another full quarter of Life Technologies investment into our five-quarter average invested capital, while only adding an incremental month of Life Technologies earnings. The acquisition impact is now fully in our invested capital base and we expect ROIC to increase steadily for the remainder of the year. So with that, now I'll walk you through the performance of our four business segments. As I highlighted for the total company, FX was a significant headwind to the top line for our segments and negatively impacted their year-over-year revenue growth to varying degrees. We also had one less day in the quarter, which mainly affected our consumables-oriented businesses. Starting with the Life Sciences Solutions segment, in Q1, total revenue grew to $1.02 billion from $840 million in the prior year, primarily as a result of the Life Technologies acquisition, net of the related divestitures. On a pro forma basis, assuming Life Technologies was owned in both periods, organic revenue grew 2%. In the quarter, we saw strong growth in our BioProduction business, partially offset by some weakness in academic, government, and applied markets. Q1 adjusted operating income for Life Sciences Solutions increased significantly, primarily as a result of the acquisition, and adjusted operating margin was 29.3%, flat with the prior year, consistent with our expectations. In the segment, we had very strong productivity, including acquisition synergies, and good pull-through on incremental organic revenue. This was offset by unfavorable FX and dilution from the incremental acquisition revenue which, as I mentioned earlier, represented January results and pull-through a much lower-than-average margin for the segment. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue decreased 6% in Q1, and organic revenue grew 1%. In the quarter, we had strong growth in our chromatography business, which was partially offset by weakness in academic and government and some of our core industrial markets. Q1 adjusted operating income in the Analytical Instruments decreased 7% and adjusted operating margin was 16.7%, down 30 basis points. In the segment, we delivered very strong productivity that was more than offset by strategic growth investments and some unfavorable business mix. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics segment in Q1, total revenue decreased 4% and organic growth was 3%. As Marc mentioned, our clinical diagnostics, immunodiagnostics, and healthcare channel businesses had good growth in the quarter. Adjusted operating income in the segment decreased 3% in Q1, and adjusted operating margin was 27.3%, up 10 basis points from the prior year. In the segment, we had strong productivity and good pull-through on organic growth, partially offset by strategic growth investments and FX. Finally, in the Laboratory Products and Services segment, Q1 reported revenue declined 5%, driven by FX and the Cole-Parmer divestiture. On an organic basis, revenue grew 3%. Our research and safety channel showed particular strength, benefiting from good growth with biopharma customers. Adjusted operating income in Laboratory Products and Services decreased 5%, and adjusted operating margin was 14.7%, flat with the prior year. This was driven by strong productivity offset by unfavorable business mix, the Cole-Parmer divestiture, and FX. So with that, I'd like to review the details of our full-year 2015 guidance. In terms of adjusted EPS, with a solid quarter behind us, we're raising the low-end of our 2015 adjusted EPS guidance by $0.03 to a new range of $7.25 to $7.40, which represents growth of 4% to 6% versus 2014. To bridge the $0.015 increase to the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance, we're seeing an incremental $0.09 headwind from FX, which we're more than offsetting with $0.035 below the line from other income and a slightly lower share count, $0.02 from the ASI acquisition, and $0.05 of operational improvements, including incremental cost synergies. On the top line, as a result of the deteriorating FX environment, we're lowering both the high and low end of our reported revenue range, partially offset by the addition of the ASI acquisition. This leads to a new full-year 2015 revenue guidance range of $16.67 billion to $16.83 billion, which is down slightly compared to our reported revenue of $16.89 billion in 2014. To bridge the $150 million decline from the midpoint of our previous guidance, we're expecting an additional $240 million headwind from more unfavorable foreign exchange rates, offset by about $90 million of incremental revenue from acquisitions. To summarize the impact of FX on our current guidance, on the top line, FX is now lowering our revenue by about $985 million, or 6%, so our reported growth guidance would be 5% to 6% on a FX-neutral basis. In terms of adjusted EPS, FX is now $0.67 headwind or 10% year-over-year. So if you were to look at our guidance on an FX neutral basis, adjusted EPS would be growing 14% to 16%, which represents even stronger underlying operating performance than our previous guidance. Moving on to the details of our guidance, acquisitions net of divestitures are expected to contribute about 1% to our reported revenue growth in 2015. On an organic basis, there's no change to our organic growth guidance midpoint of about 4%. And consistent with past practice, our guidance assumes current foreign currency exchange rates and we haven't attempted to forecast future changes in rates. Our guidance also does not include any future acquisitions or divestitures. Turning to adjusted operating margin, we're expecting 60 basis points to 80 basis points of expansion year-over-year. This is up 10 basis points from both the low and high end of our previous guidance primarily as a result of stronger operating performance. In terms of the adjusted operating margin pull-through on the incremental FX revenue headwind, we're seeing an additional $40 million of unfavorable impact on the bottom line, bringing the total impact to $315 million or 65 basis points of adjusted operating margin dilution. So on an FX neutral basis, our margin expansion would be very strong at 130 basis points to 150 basis points. Moving below the line, we're still expecting net interest expense to be in the range of $375 million to $385 million although the ASI acquisition pushed us slightly higher into the range. We're forecasting our adjusted income tax rate to be about 14% consistent with our previous guidance. In terms of capital deployment, we're still assuming that this year we'll return approximately $240 million of capital to shareholders through dividends as well as $500 million through share buybacks, which we completed in January. Full year average diluted shares are estimated to be in the range of 402 million to 403 million, about the same as 2014 and down about 1 million shares from our previous guidance. We're expecting net capital expenditures to be in the range of $435 million to $450 million, which is unchanged from our previous guidance and for full-year 2015 free cash flow, we're still expecting about $2.6 billion consistent with prior guidance. As always in interpreting our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance ranges, you should focus on the midpoint as our most likely view of how we see things playing out. Results above or below the midpoint will depend on the relative strength of our markets as well as FX fluctuations during the year. In summary, we had a number of significant achievements this quarter while delivering solid operational results, which positions us well to achieve our financial goals for the year. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Pete. Melissa, we're ready to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Your first question is from the line of Jon Groberg from UBS. Your line is open.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning and congratulations on another solid quarter. So, Marc, would you mind just, I guess, obviously, one of the big questions is going to be on the low-single-digit 2% organic revenue growth. Can you maybe talk a little bit more about your conviction that that growth rate improves a little throughout the year? You mentioned you thought academic and government would get a little bit better. And can you also maybe talk about some of your more specific plans to offset FX? I know you mentioned some on the cost side, but is there anything you're doing in terms of pricing? And how are you finding the pricing environment? Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Jon, thanks for the questions. So, yeah, let's start kind of with the holistic view, right, for organic growth. The key takeaways we feel very comfortable with the 4% organic growth guidance for the full year that we set off back in the beginning of February and we feel good about that today. When you think about the quarter, if you recall back to early February, we said that this would be in the range of 2% to 4% organic growth and primarily so lower in the first quarter and builds as the year goes on, primarily because of the calendar day difference, right, so we anticipated that. When we look at the performance of the quarter, really the only big change was Japan didn't approve its budget during the quarter that got approved, I think, on April 9. So that's back in place. Europe was a little weaker, but China was a little bit stronger. So there were puts and takes. But I felt like the quarter played out within the range of what we expected. Looking forward, so why do we have real good confidence in the 4% organic growth? Straightforward, bookings were very good in the quarter, so that was favorable to revenue. We saw a lot of activity and a lot of interest very late in the quarter as well. So the funnels look good. When I look at the products that we've launched and the product pipeline that we have coming up for the balance of the year, it looks outstanding. So we have a lot of growth driven from that. The early funnels on revenue synergies built nicely in the quarter and that puts us in a position to drive revenue synergies. So when I look at the full year, we're in a good spot to deliver the 4% organic growth. In terms of foreign exchange, one of the key messages on the last call, Jon, was what would happen if foreign exchange rates change back as of February 1. And we said that if rates got better, we would let that flow to the bottom line. If rates got worse, we would try to take actions to offset as much as we possibly could. Rates clearly got worse in the quarter, as Pete highlighted in his remarks. Just focusing on the EPS side of the equation, there was a $0.09 incremental headwind. And our teams really were very focused on putting additional actions that give us confidence that we can offset those headwinds and deliver an even better outlook on EPS for the year. Part of that is some very targeted price increases in those markets where foreign exchange has been a factor and where there's not a lot of domestic competition, domestic meaning local competition in those markets. So Japan would be an example that we have some very targeted price increases. And while it's early to know exactly how it's all working out, pricing was relatively good in the first quarter.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks a million.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ross Muken from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Hey, guys.
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: So I'd like to stick on Jon's theme on the core. So you mentioned that booking's pacing towards the end of the quarter kind of gave you some confidence that the ability to hit the 4% target was still on track. And so as you look at that, I don't know what's the right way to cut it, Marc, by geography or by end market? Where did you see the biggest inflection over the course of the quarter? Because as we look at some of the PMIs and we look at some of the other industry commentary, it's a little bit different than sort of what you saw in the business and so we're just trying to mix-and-match. And by that I mean Europe seems a little bit better and maybe China, the service seems a little bit worse. And so we're trying to make sense of what you saw bookings versus what the market overall macro is seeing.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, Ross, Europe improved clearly as the quarter went on. Very, very slow start at the beginning of the year and improved. So that was a positive. China, as I mentioned, I was in China in March. Generally, the team from the beginning of the quarter right to where it finished felt that they were going to deliver high-single-digit growth and they did, right. So we didn't see much of, I'd say, change in activity level, meaning, it was a better quarter, but the team saw it and it was consistent throughout. And so China was a little bit better, it's a little early to call a trend there, but we didn't see China deteriorate at the end of the quarter or anything like that based on the data you're referring to. So those are the two factors. Europe got better and China was good.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Got it. And maybe big picture. You talked about sort of M&A. So I was listening to my company's conference call before I jumped on this one and Roger Altman talked about sort of the trend in the market right now as maybe deal volumes are lower, but dollar volumes are higher. So we're seeing a lot more larger transactions. As you think about this space, it's actually been the opposite. I mean, other than Sigma, we really haven't seen much activity. I mean, in general, are you kind of surprised about what you're seeing in the pipeline? You're able to get there on the ASI, which looks like a really good deal. But as you think about where your leverage is going, you obviously have some firepower there. How are you thinking about the trade-off of what may be available versus where valuations are versus sort of what other opportunities you have?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So great question. In terms of the capital deployment side of the equation, we have an active pipeline of transactions. We always do and we do currently. So we're looking at things. And as you know, we like to look at everything. But at the same point, we are very selective in what we actually do. And as long as something solidly meets our criteria of strengthening the company strategically, clearly, being understood and adding value for our customers and creating shareholder value, then we'll pursue those things. So I like what the funnel looks like, but you got to drive things through the funnel. ASI was a nice acquisition. We did two tiny little things in the channel to strengthen our commercial capabilities, and we're looking at a number of other things. So in terms of your bigger question about sort of the space, the bigger transactions, they happen, but they don't happen very frequently. And when they do, we usually will take a look, but they don't occur with a lot of frequency.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Great. Thanks, Marc.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Derik De Bruin from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Morning, Derik.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So just to clarify your China comment, you said you're seeing some improvement. Is that still mostly lower-end lower-priced products, i.e., chromatography as opposed to pushing the higher-end mass spec? Just a little bit more color just sort of given some of the anti-corruption activities and stuff that were going on in the past?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, Derik, if you look at China and you saw a clear increase in, what I'd say, your run rate activity, your bioscience reagents, your lab equipment, your lab consumables, those types of businesses, were very improved, meaning, that customers have money, they're spending it, activity is good. The bigger ticket items clearly continue to be muted. And that affected clearly our Analytical Instruments business. Chrome was quite strong, but things like mass spec were clearly affected by a tighter budget and more scrutiny, if you will, by the government.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. That's very helpful. And just one follow-up. On Specialty Diagnostics, we were expecting a little bit higher number there. We're expecting a little bit more tailwind from flu and some other things. Could you talk about what you sort of saw in the diagnostics space globally? And just sort of the push and pulls in that business?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think when you look at the result in diagnostics, the one day difference probably is your biggest factor from...
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: ...what you would think from the other things. So I actually look at the underlying fundamentals or how the business performed, it's actually pretty solid; so not much there. We got a tiny benefit from seasonal, pollen season in Japan was slightly worse, so the net of seasonal was just slightly better in aggregate.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks very much. I'll get back in the queue.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, thanks. Just want to follow up on some of the questions around guidance. And just so we're clear on what you're embedding now for Japan, now that we're through the March fiscal year, are you assuming a recovery here in the second quarter? And maybe just, you could quantify your overall expectations for the year in Japan?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So what we're expecting in Japan is that you'll see growth return back to a more normalized level. And typically, we assume kind of low-single-digit growth in Japan is kind of the baseline assumption. We've actually had performance better than that in the past, but that's the baseline assumption. So, just given the timing of where the budget was, we would expect growth to start to normalize back to the traditional growth rates.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then, following up on a question on China a minute ago, I think you're still cautious about calling any sort of inflection, but obviously high-single-digit growth this quarter. Can you maybe just give us a sense of what could get you closer to high-single-digit growth versus mid-single-digit growth guidance for the year in China? Are there specific catalysts we should be paying attention to, or is it just...
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I mean, the team is clearly working towards that objective, right. So all of our colleagues, 4,000 colleagues, that's what they're driving towards. But they don't control sort of the government environment, right. So there's  the reason we just didn't put a hard-line type commitment to it is that, it is variable what the environment is. But clearly after a few very challenging quarters, we saw some nice bright spots. And if we can line up two or three quarters like that in a row, then that clearly would be a trend. So that's what the team is focused on. It's just executing well.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then just lastly on BioProduction, you called it out as an area of strength. You obviously did the ASI bolt-on. Maybe just talk a little bit about what you're expecting for that business this year, and your visibility around that business?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So BioProduction, market-leading position in media and sera through our Gibco range of products, in a very strong position, and single-use technologies through the Thermo Scientific and ASI set of products. That will be a very fast-growing business for us. It is a double-digit type growth business for Thermo Fisher. INTERPHEX is going on right now. I know the early feedback is very positive on our range of capabilities, in terms of what we show to our customer base there.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome, Tycho.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Steve.
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: First off, Pete, I just want to say thanks for all your help over the last year. Thank you so much. And we'll miss you on the calls.
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And then for Marc, I guess I'll ask a question on China. Sorry for asking the fourth or fifth of these. But taking a longer-term view, Marc, you made some interesting comments about the longer-term outlook in China, specifically how you are thinking about the impact of the new five-year plan and your positioning for relative share there, given your positioning there as a local manufacturer. Be really interesting just to hear you expound upon those comments, to think about maybe the 24-month view for the market there?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, Steve, a couple of things. One is, we've been in China for 30-plus years. And one of the things that helps the company get successful is anticipating the changes in the environment to continue to be out in front of them so that you can benefit from the evolution of the economy. Our assumption is, and this is not a bold statement, is that GDP growth will be more moderate in China than what it had been in the previous five years. And because of that, there's going to be a more emphasis on jobs in China and therefore, we've made a big commitment to manufacturing in China, having a very strong R&D presence, having great talent out of the best universities so that when we're meeting with the government and talking about initiatives for growth, they're seeing the brightest Chinese people that work for Thermo Fisher actually saying why we want to push forward these environmental applications, these food safety regulations, these sequencing applications, and that puts us in a great position to compete. And as we look to the development of the next five-year plan, we feel like we'll be incredibly well positioned to capitalize on that. Our goal is always to have very strong growth in China. We've invested a lot there. And the exact details of it we always give each year in our guidance, but it should be a double-digit type growth market for us for a long period of time.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Much appreciated. And then, I'm not sure if this is for Marc or for Pete, but just in the interest of completeness, given all the questions out there in the industrial channel, I'd say I take your comments about the cadence of growth through the quarter, with it being strong in March, is to suggest there's no knock-on impact, or sign of any knock-on impact, from what we've seen in oil and gas CapEx. Is that a fair assessment, or is there more nuance to it? Thanks.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So what I would say is that clearly, the oil and gas end markets are soft. But they're very, very, very small for us, right. So there's some effect, but it doesn't hit any level of materiality to the company. So that's how I think about that. And you can just kind of lump it into the commodities material markets are soft, and oil and gas is soft, but there is nothing much to spend  dwell in there. And generally, industrial and applied should be a reasonable market for us this year.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks so much, guys.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dan Arias from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey. Good morning, guys. Thank you. Just wanted to see if I could understand the comments on academic and government. Marc, does the softness that you saw there pertain mostly to Japan, or is that something that showed up in the U.S. and Europe, too? Just a little bit clarification there if you could.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So Japan was the primary driver, right. So we had been growing in the low-single-digits last year. We declined in the low-single-digits. The full delta between sort of flat and the decline was driven by Japan, maybe the difference between flat and the rest was just a little bit of softness that we saw in Europe. So that would be the academic and government story, really is a Japan story.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. And then just maybe going back to capital deployment and following up on Ross' M&A question, I guess, in general, when you think about the candidates or the targets that are in your pipeline and sort of the mid to smaller size of things, I mean, are the majority of them on the private side? Are you actually finding a handful of public assets that are interesting, too?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I mean, this industry is mostly private companies, right, in terms of the number of companies, right. So there's a huge pipeline of those. We continue to look at those closely and every once in a while you'll see us be able to get one over the goal line.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks very much.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Doug Schenkel from Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Doug. Doug, you're on mute?
Doug A. Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: I'm on mute. Sorry about that. Talking to myself again. All right. So thanks for taking the questions, guys. So my first question and this has been asked, I guess, in different forms. But just to be pretty direct about this, you guys came in at the low-end of your organic revenue growth guidance for the first quarter. This came after Q4 growth that was much stronger than most of us expected. In hindsight, was there some pull-forward of revenue into Q4 at the expense of Q1? And if so, in what geographies and end markets was this most notable and was this not apparent to you until the very back end of the quarter?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, Doug, interestingly enough, if you think about what happened a year ago and what happened this year, you have similar patterns. Very, very strong finish to the year and then a softer Q1. And Pete when he laid out the guidance said, Q1 will be a little bit softer than the balance of the year. And what I would say the dynamic is, if you think about what happened in both of those years, nothing really bad happened in the world. And one of those calls, you heard me say this, right. Customers keep a certain level of money on the side to manage for a disaster, right. In both 2013 and 2014, the way the world ended, things were okay. So people release funds very late in the year. That dynamic does the following, which is if you want to buy something exciting and expensive you buy it, but sometimes if you have a little extra money, you wind up buying something you absolutely know you're going to need, right. And so I'm sure that some high-tech consumables, bioscience reagents, if people had a little bit of money they bought a little bit knowing that they'd use in the first quarter. Does that have a tiny bit of an effect? Sure. But is it something worth calling out? No, is the way I would think about it.
Doug A. Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And this is very short-term focused, but recognizing it is a quarterly call, I think it's important to ask the question. I'm a bit surprised that you guys have called out Japan academic government as a source of weakness relative to what you expected in the quarter. A lot of what you described seems like it should have been embedded in your expectations. Just to be clear, I mean, was Japan really worse than what you had embedded into expectations? And if not, where else was academic government weak? I mean, you point a slight weakness in Europe beyond your expectations, but it doesn't sound like there's anything real notable there. I just want to make sure there's nothing that would suggest there's particular areas where maybe you were a bit weaker than expected from a competitive standpoint.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, Doug, I guess, a couple ways I would think about that. One is, Japan not a huge market for us, right, in aggregate, top five, top six market, but not a huge market, accounted for the whole academic and government about a little more than a 3% decline for the company, right, in the quarter. So it gives you a sense of how soft it was. There were two factors, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, one which we clearly understood and embedded in our guidance, which was a very challenging comparison in Japan because of the consumption tax last year, which had customers pull things forward. Not having the budget pass until after the quarter end, I don't think it was  from everything I've read from the team that we've worked with for many, many years, was not something that they anticipated nor, as far as I can tell, was really expected. So that's the difference in the performance, right. So I don't know maybe other people saw that happening and we missed it, but from my understanding, I think we planned it appropriately and that's the way it played out.
Doug A. Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Last one real quick. The LSS pro forma growth, I believe, was 7% in Q4 that moderated to, I think, 2% this quarter. I think you had previously provided Life Tech guidance for this year that was above your long-term goal. Does that remain unchanged after Q1?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So basically, the segment played out pretty much the same story as the company, right, 2% growth in the quarter versus 3% to 4% for the segment for the full year. We feel good about the 3% to 4% for the segment for the full year. I'll spend some time talking about that at the Analyst Meeting coming up, which I believe is May 20. So mark the date. And Ken's happy, he's smiling that I'm doing a plug for that. But, yeah, nothing has changed in terms of our outlook for Life Sciences Solutions segment.
Doug A. Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. Thanks. Just a couple cleanups for me. Could you maybe, Pete, give us a sense of the impact to gross margin in terms of the FX headwind, just how much of a headwind that was?
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So in terms of gross margin, it's about 45 basis points year-over-year, negative.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Right, right. Okay. Thanks. And then just another question on BioProduction, if we just kind of look at the competitive landscape, it seems like three out of the four players there or major players all seem like they had pretty good quarters like really strong actually. So I'm wondering if there's a sense at the market there is inflecting and if so, why? Obviously, there's been a lot of momentum in biotech with new biologics and funding, but just curious about what's actually going on in the underlying level, because it seems like everyone there is growing strong double-digits.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think you have the combination of drug approvals, biosimilars and vaccines. That combination of those three are really driving substantial growth in that market.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And is it fair to say that will kind of progress throughout the course of the year at the current pace?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I would say that it should be a strong end market for a number of years ahead.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Isaac.
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jack Meehan from Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks and good morning. I want to ask just around healthcare utilization maybe for the clinical lab, part of the Lab Products and Services business. Just curious what you're seeing there within the 3% organic growth that you put up seeing some signs from HCA put up a good quarter and some of that, I think, is optics, but just really around utilization and your thoughts there.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So in terms of the diagnostics and healthcare, I think U.S. was generally okay in terms of utilization. You still have the pattern, which is incredibly exaggerated meaning that it's now the lowest. That set of activity is Q1 and it builds steadily as people meet their deductible limits during the course of the year. But I think that pattern is roughly normalizing. So you have low level activity, but your growth rates are somewhat similar throughout the quarters. I mean, it's basically what's going on. So nothing dramatic to note in Q1 in terms of utilization.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. And then just the last one. And leaning sort of into the FX with the cost synergies coming up a little bit for life through year end, I was just curious if it changed your thoughts at all around what you viewed as being the three-year opportunity around what you could potentially earn on that side?
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: In terms of the three-year outlook, we're still holding to the $300 million of cost synergies and $50 million of pull-through on revenue synergies.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Peter Lawson from Mizuho Securities. Your line is open.
Peter R. Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Pete, just with the FX impact, has that made you to think differently about hedging programs or degree of natural hedging or the debt structure?
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Well, we obviously we put in some euro debt last year, which helps a little bit. We're actually seeing a little bit of below the line impact from that. Part of the synergy actions that we're putting in place is trying to convert some of our suppliers to local currency to improve our natural hedging position. We don't have a ton of that. But we are out of sync in a few geographies. So we're working on that. In terms of just regular overall hedging program, we don't intend to put anything in place with regard to that.
Peter R. Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: And is there any change in the debt paydown strategy? I'm wondering if you could just talk to the targets again?
Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No. We haven't changed our strategy on debt paydown. We're shooting to get down to about between $12 billion and $12.5 billion by the end of the year. That gets us in just below the 3 range so back in our target leverage ratio range.
Peter R. Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Great. Thank you so much.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President-Investor Relations: Melissa, we're going to take one more question.
Operator: Your last question is from the line of Paul Knight from Janney Capital. Your line is open.
Paul R. Knight - Janney Capital Markets: Hi, Marc. Convenient INTERPHEX yesterday looking at your products, the question is where are you with the API (sic) [ASI] (59:37) acquisition and the integration of it?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So in terms of  Paul, thanks for the question. In terms of the ASI, we closed in February. I had a great opportunity to meet the team there and the integration is going very smoothly. Very complementary to our existing single-use technologies, it brings some new product range as well in terms of connectors, which is an important step in the workflow and gives our customers the choice now of the second film, which for certain biologics would be very useful for them. So it gives us a more complete offering, which we very much value.
Paul R. Knight - Janney Capital Markets: So...
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Go ahead, Paul.
Paul R. Knight - Janney Capital Markets: On the consolidation within the biological production market, is there much left to do in that market? Is it fragmented or not fragmented in your view?
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: There's a lot of competitors still out there. So for sure there's quite a competitive landscape. And we have our niches of strength, others have theirs. And so it's an area with great market growth and we have great competitive position, but there's quite a few different companies there out in the landscape.
Paul R. Knight - Janney Capital Markets: Great. You seemed excited there. Thank you.
Marc N. Casper - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Paul, thanks. So let me wrap it up. We feel good about our accomplishments in Q1. We are in a great position to deliver another strong year and, of course, we look for to updating you on our progress next quarter and seeing you in New York City later in May. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth J. Apicerno - VP, Investor Relations Marc N. Casper - President and CEO Peter M. Wilver - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2014 Fourth Quarter and Full Year End Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Pete Wilver, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our Web-site, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts & Presentations, until February 27, 2015. A copy of the press release of our 2014 fourth quarter and full year earnings is available on our Web-site under the heading Financial Results. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the Company's future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 27, 2014, under the caption, Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and also available in the Investors section of our Web-site under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during this call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, including adjusted EPS, adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin which exclude restricting costs, amortization of acquisition related intangible assets and certain other items. The definitions of and the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are available in the earnings press release and also in the Investors section of our Web-site under the heading Financial Information. So before we get started, one other item, as I mentioned in prior quarters, please note that the commentary that we provide today regarding the Company's Q4 and full year 2014 total revenue growth and revenue growth by end market and geography are on an organic basis only, and therefore do not include the performance of Life Technologies. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc N. Casper: Ken, thank you. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us on the call today. As you saw in our press release, we finished the year with an outstanding fourth quarter delivering excellent growth on both the top and bottom line. In an environment that still has its challenges, we focused intently on our customers, identified opportunities and executed very well to deliver strong growth. At the same time, we continued to make excellent progress with the integration of Life Technologies and are tracking ahead of our initial goals as we approach the one-year anniversary of the close. Our excellent performance in Q4 topped off what was a great year for us financially, operationally and strategically. This positions the Company well for a strong year ahead and a very bright future over the longer term. We have a lot of ground to cover this morning, so let me get right to our financial performance in the quarter and what we saw in our key end markets. Then I'll cover some of the highlights of the quarter and the year, give you an update on capital deployment and wrap up with our guidance for 2015. So, starting with the quarter, our revenues in Q4 grew 30% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income increased 48%. We expanded our adjusted operating margin by 280 basis points to 22.8%. And our strong top line growth and operational discipline led to adjusted EPS of $1.99, which is a 39% increase over Q4 of 2013. Thanks to the determination of our team, we ended the year on a very strong note. Looking at our Q4 performance in the context of our key end markets, I'm pleased to say that we saw strength across the board and we executed well to capitalize on year-end opportunities. First, let me start with industrial and applied. We had another quarter of mid-single digit growth. Our Research and Safety Channel, chromatography and life sciences mass spec businesses performed particularly well. We saw some year-end spending with our industrial and applied customers in Europe and we're able to capitalize on that. In diagnostics and healthcare, we performed well again this quarter with growth remaining in the mid single-digits. We saw a strong demand for our ImmunoDiagnostics products as we had all year. Our transplant diagnostics business and healthcare channel also performed very well in Q4. As you may recall, last quarter we talked about our involvement in supporting customers who are working to contain Ebola. We did see some benefit to our Q4 revenue from this activity. Our customers turned to us for help with some of the most difficult challenges and this was another good example. Turning to pharma and biotech, this end market was particularly strong in Q4 coming in with high single-digit growth. We continued to effectively leverage the strength of our value proposition to help these customers accelerate innovation and drive out cost and we also captured opportunities from some year-end spending. Last, I'm pleased to report that our performance in academic and government was also especially strong in the quarter, growing in the high single digits. More specifically, we saw strong sales of our analytical instruments to several government agencies in the U.S., especially in our life sciences mass spec business. In addition, a number of our businesses took advantage of increased academic and government spending in Europe at the end of the year. So in summary, we performed very well across all of our end markets for a strong finish to 2014. That's a good lead into our discussion of the full year. My assessment of the year was pretty simple. We achieved or exceeded all of our goals, whether you measure us by our financial performance, execution of our growth strategy, our integration milestones or our balance sheet. That's a pretty good report card and let me walk you through each of these achievements in a little more detail. First looking at our financial performance, our revenues grew 29% for the full year. Adjusted operating income grew 45% with adjusted operating margin expanding 240 basis points to nearly 22%. Let me make a quick comment on the topic of margin expansion. We benefited from the acquisition and from delivering the related synergies and we also continued to drive productivity through our PPI Business System, sourcing, low-cost-region manufacturing and footprint optimization efforts. When you add it all up, we achieved significant margin expansion last year and looking ahead we still have a lot of runway. Finally, our strong performance led to a year of outstanding adjusted EPS growth with a 28% increase year-over-year. So overall, we had a great year operationally and we achieved a strong year according to all of our key financial metrics including those related to the Life Technologies acquisition. Now let's talk a little bit about executing our growth strategy and the terrific progress we've made there. As you know, the three elements of our strategy are, developing innovative new products, expanding our presence in emerging markets and leveraging our unique customer value proposition to gain market share. Let me review some of the highlights from the year and a few from the quarter. First, 2014 was another strong year of new product innovation. We have the largest R&D budget by far in our industry and invest about $700 million annually, and that investment is resulting in key new product launches across our technology offerings in Analytical Instruments, Life Sciences Solutions and Specialty Diagnostics. I don't have time to go into every product we talked about during the year but just to do a quick recap, here are some of the standouts. In Analytical Instruments, we strengthened our industry leadership across our Thermo Scientific mass spec and chromatography offerings. We launched the new Q Exactive HF which was the latest generation in our Orbitrap family, and we also launched the Prelude and Endura MD systems for clinical use. It was also a pretty big year for chromatography with the launch of Chromeleon 7.2 software and the Vanquish UHPLC system. In our Life Sciences Solutions business, we strengthened our Ion Torrent next-gen sequencing offering with a number of new product launches. Among the highlights was the Ion PGM Dx instrument for clinical use in the U.S. and Europe. We've also been very focused on delivering NGS based panels for clinical oncology, so cancer treatment can be more effectively targeted to the patient. A good example from 2014 was the Oncomine Solid Tumor DNA kit we launched last year in Europe. In October, we leveraged our capabilities and HLA expertise in our Genetics Sciences and Specialty Diagnostics businesses to launch the research-use-only NXType Kit. This is a workflow for HLA Tissue Typing for transplant patients that we believe will play an important role in further improving Tissue Typing accuracy and transplant success rates. We've heard great customer feedback, so this is a clear example of how our businesses are working together to bring value to our customers. Also in Specialty Diagnostics, we launched the PCT Direct for point of care testing to expand the market for our high-growth biomarker business. So as you can see, 2014 was a very strong year for innovation. We put our R&D dollars and expertise to work to deliver high-impact products for customers working in research, applied markets and the clinic, and we have a great lineup ahead for 2015. Turning to emerging markets, the second element of our growth strategy, the big topic in 2014 was China. We continued to strengthen our industry-leading capabilities in China and delivered mid-single-digit growth in 2014 in a muted government funding environment. While the Chinese government works through the process of implementing reforms, we will keep you posted as to when we see an inflection point indicating faster growth. Thermo Fisher's capabilities are well aligned with key government priorities including food safety, a cleaner environment and expansion of the healthcare system. So we remain very bullish on the long-term prospects for strong growth in China. In the meantime, we haven't been standing still, we've been expanding our presence in other emerging markets like Southeast Asia, India and Brazil to gain additional momentum in these growth regions as well. And we also continue to optimize our footprint in the U.S. and Europe. You may recall that we expanded our Centers of Excellence in Lithuania and Germany earlier in 2014, and in Q4 we had the grand opening for our new Center of Excellence for Specialty Diagnostics in Fremont, California. I was there for the ribbon-cutting and I have to say the facility is quite impressive and a real showcase for production of immunoassays and diagnostic tests. I think our strong performance in 2014 shows that we've done a great job leveraging our global footprint to meet the needs of our customers and capture growth opportunities. The last point I want to make about our growth strategy is that our customer value proposition continues to get stronger as more customers in a range of industries relies on us to help them meet their growth objectives. We've been leveraging our value proposition in BioPharma with great success as you know and we also had some nice wins with industrial customers who are seeing the benefit of our depth of capabilities. One of the biggest highlights here in 2014 was the addition of Life Technologies. It further strengthened our ability to help our customers drive innovation and productivity and really positions us well to continue to gain share with our biotech, pharma and industrial customers. That's a good segue to the integration, clearly a major achievement for us in 2014. Our over-riding goal with the acquisition of Life Technologies is to combine our capabilities in a way that serves our customers best to drive growth, and we're off to a great start. As you know, in this phase of the integration, we've been focused on delivering the cost synergies, planning the revenue synergies and making sure that we set the business up for accelerated growth. In terms of the cost synergies, we achieved $150 million in cost synergies last year. As we've mentioned previously, that was faster than we originally outlined and we're well on track to deliver the $300 million of cost synergies in year three. Turning to the revenue synergies, we've been developing detailed plans since the close to realize the benefits of our combined capabilities. We're now implementing those plans and are starting to deliver revenue synergies this year. We're very confident in achieving our goal of $150 million of revenue synergies in year three which is 2016. Our team has done a lot of work here and it's exciting to see the plans start to materialize. For example in early January this year, we introduced about 14,000 SKUs from the former Life Technologies organization into our research channel in North America. Our sales reps are being trained to represent the expanded portfolio and the team is excited about the opportunities. Although it's early days, our customers have been responding very favorably. The final word I want to leave you with on the integration is that the Life Sciences Solutions business grew about 1% faster in 2014 than it had in the past three years. This is another indicator that the integration is off to a great start. Onto the last major achievement of the year, in terms of our balance sheet, 2014 was all about repaying debt. We generated strong cash flow and paid down $3.8 billion of debt in 2014 related to the acquisition of Life Technologies. That got us to a leverage ratio of about 3.6x by year-end. Given the pace of delevering and the confidence in our cash flows, we started deploying capital immediately in 2015. In fact, we bought back $500 million of our stock in the first few weeks of the year. We have many opportunities ahead to create shareholder value t6hr our proven strategy of effectively deploying capital. Let me now turn to our guidance for 2015. Pete will cover the details now on all of the assumptions for our revenue and earnings guidance, but I'd like to make a couple of comments. Our 2015 guidance reflects a number of factors. First, it takes into account our very strong underlying operating performance. It also includes the revenue synergies we expect to achieve as well as the continuation in the ramp-up of cost synergies. It factors in contributions below line from share repurchases we just completed and tax planning initiatives we are implementing. And as you are well aware, we're also operating in a very challenging FX environment. So when you sum it all up, we're initiating revenue guidance in the range of $16.80 billion to $17.0 billion in 2015, which is about flat with the last year and includes a 4.5% headwind from foreign currency. On the bottom line, our adjusted EPS assumes an 8 percentage point headwind from currency. So we're guiding to adjusted EPS of $7.22 to $7.40. This would result in 4% to 6% growth over our strong EPS performance in 2014. Before I turn the call over to Pete, let me leave you with a few takeaways. First, our team worked with amazing intensity on all fronts throughout 2014. Their efforts led to a very strong year and that puts us in an excellent position going into 2015. Second, in terms of our guidance for 2015, the unfavorable FX is masking our strong underlying operating performance in the short-term. We'll see how rates play out as the year unfolds and update our guidance accordingly. If rates deteriorate further, we'll determine how much we can offset. If they improve, we'll add the benefit to our revenue and earnings. So in summary, we will continue to execute well, deliver growth and set Thermo Fisher up for a very successful future. With that, I'll now like to turn the call over to Pete Wilver, our CFO. Pete?
Peter M. Wilver: Thanks, Marc. Good morning, everyone. As usual, I'll begin with an overview of our Q4 and full-year 2014 financial performance for the total Company, then provide some color on our four segments and conclude with a detailed review of our 2015 guidance. As a reminder, at the total Company level, we're reporting organic revenue growth using our standard methodology. That means we'll exclude the results of Life Technologies until we reach the one year anniversary date of the acquisition in early February this year. However for the Life Sciences Solutions segment, we're providing organic revenue growth on a pro forma basis, as if we had owned Life Technologies for all of 2013 and 2014, to give you some insight into the growth performance of that segment. So starting with our overall financial performance in the fourth quarter, we grew adjusted EPS by 39% to $1.99. For the full year, adjusted EPS was $6.96, up 28% from 2013. GAAP EPS was $1.49 in Q4, up 62% from $0.92 in the prior year's quarter, and $4.71 for the full year 2014, up 35% from 2013. As you saw in our press release this morning, starting with the top line, we delivered 6% organic revenue growth this quarter and our reported revenue increased 30% year-over-year. Q4 reported revenue includes 26% growth from acquisitions net of divestitures and a 3% headwind from foreign exchange. Please note that the components of the Q4 change in revenue did not sum due to rounding. For the full year, total revenue increased 29% year-over-year and organic revenue was 4%, slightly above the high-end of our most recent guidance as a result of our very strong results in Q4. Full-year reported revenue includes 25% growth from acquisitions net of divestitures and a slightly negative impact from FX. We strengthened our backlog in the quarter with bookings 2% higher than revenue. Looking at growth by geography, in the quarter North America grew in the high single digits and Europe grew in the mid-single digits. Asia Pacific grew low single digits with China growing mid-single digits. Rest of the world grew in the low single digits. For the full year, North America and Europe grew in the mid-single digits, Asia-Pacific and China grew at the same rates as Q4, and rest of world was essentially flat. Looking at our operational performance, Q4 adjusted operating income increased 48% and adjusted operating margin was 22.8%, up 280 basis points from Q4 last year. For the full year, adjusted operating income increased 45% and adjusted operating margin was 21.9%, up 240 basis points from 2013. Our adjusted operating margin expansion for the quarter and the full year benefited from the Life Technologies acquisition and achieving the related synergies. That said, we also continued to see strong contribution from our primary productivity levers, global sourcing, footprint optimization and our PPI Business System. We realized $13 million of benefit from our restructuring actions in Q4 and $49 million for the full year, and we realized $42 million of synergy benefits in Q4 and $115 million for the full year. We took advantage of our strong performance in Q4 to make additional strategic investments, primarily to strengthen our core technology platforms and commercial capabilities and accelerate growth. Moving onto the details of the P&L, total Company adjusted gross margin came in at 49% in Q4, up 470 basis points from the prior year. This was primarily due to the addition of Life Technologies along with solid productivity across our businesses. For the full year, adjusted gross margin was 48.8%, up 460 basis points from 2013. Adjusted SG&A in Q4 was 22.1% of revenue, which is 80 basis points unfavorable to 2013. Again, this was primarily a result of the acquisition and was partially offset by volume leverage and our cost synergy and productivity actions. For the full year, adjusted SG&A was 22.9%, 130 basis points unfavorable to 2013. Finally, R&D expense came in at 4.1% of revenue for both the quarter and full year, 110 basis points above last year. This increase reflects the impact of the relatively higher level of R&D investment in the Life Sciences Solutions segment. R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue for full year 2014 was 6.4%. Looking at our results below the line, net interest expense in Q4 was $107 million, up $45 million from last year. The increase was driven by interest on the debt we raised on fund the Life Technologies acquisition as well as the debt issuance we completed this past November to refinance maturities through the first half of 2015. Net interest expense for the full year was $432 million, an increase of $198 million from 2013. Adjusted other income for Q4 was $9 million, $10 million higher than Q4 2013, and for the full year it was $13 million, $9 million higher than last year, both driven primarily by non-operating foreign exchange gains. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 13.2%, 270 basis points below last year, primarily as a result of acquisition tax planning and the U.S. R&D tax credit which was approved in Q4. Given late approval of the R&D credit, we recognized the entire full-year benefit in the fourth quarter. Our year-to-date rate was 14.5%, lower than our full-year guidance of 15%, as a result of the R&D tax credit. In terms of returning capital, we continued to pay our dividend and paid out $60 million in the quarter and $235 million for the year. Average diluted shares were 404.1 million in Q4, up 33 million or 9% from last year, primarily as a result of the shares we issued to partially fund the Life Technologies acquisition and to a much lesser extent option dilution. For the full year, average diluted shares were 402.3 million, up 36 million from 2013. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, cash flow from continuing operations for the year was $2.62 billion and free cash flow was $2.25 billion, after deducting $378 million of net capital expenditures. This is $50 million above our full-year guidance as a result of very strong cash flow performance in Q4. It's also up significantly from our prior year cash flow, primarily as a result of increased operating earnings from the acquisition as well as the standalone business. This increase was partially offset by acquisition related interest expense and cash payments tied to the acquisition and related divestitures. We ended the quarter with $1.35 billion in cash and investments, up $800 million sequentially from Q3. This increase was driven by free cash flow in the quarter and the November debt issuance I mentioned earlier, partially offset by incremental paydown of our term loan. Our total debt at the end of Q4 was $14.6 billion, up $100 million from Q3 and our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.6x total debt-to-adjusted EBITDA. As Marc mentioned, we spent $500 million in the first few weeks of January on share buybacks, and given our 2015 financial guidance and that we've resumed capital deployment early in the year, we now expect to achieve our target leverage ratio of 2.5x to 3x by the end of 2015. So let me wrap-up my comments on the total Company with my usual update on our performance in terms of return on invested capital. Our trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC in Q4 2014 was 9.5%, up 20 basis points from Q3. This shows that we're delivering increased returns across the business which are offsetting the short term dilution of adding another quarter of the Life Technologies investment into the average invested capital base. So with that, now I'll walk you through the performance of our four business segments. Starting with the Life Sciences Solutions segment, in Q4 total revenue grew to $1.19 billion from $192 million in the prior year, primarily as a result of the Life Technologies acquisition net of the divestitures. On a pro forma basis, assuming Life Technologies was owned in both periods, organic revenue grew 7%. In the quarter we saw a strong growth in our bio production, qPCR, cell biology and next-generation sequencing businesses. Overall, we benefited from year-end spending by our pharma and biotech customers as well as government customers in the U.S. and Europe. For the year, reported revenue grew to $4.2 billion, with pro forma organic growth of slightly above 3.5%, driven by strong performance in the fourth quarter. Q4 adjusted operating income for Life Sciences Solutions increased significantly, primarily as a result of the acquisition and achieving the related synergies, with adjusted operating margin up 660 basis points to 30.8%. For all of 2014, adjusted operating margin was 29%, 520 basis points higher than the prior year. In the Analytical Instruments segment, reported revenue grew 2% in Q4 and organic revenue grew 5%. We had strong growth in our life sciences mass spec, chromatography and services businesses in the quarter. For the year, reported revenue growth was 3% and organic growth was 4%. Q4 adjusted operating income in Analytical Instruments stayed flat to the prior year and adjusted operating margin was 20.2%, down 30 basis points. In this segment, we delivered very strong productivity that was more than offset by strategic growth investments along with unfavorable foreign exchange and business mix. For all of 2014, adjusted operating income increased 4% and adjusted operating margin was 17.9%, 20 basis points higher than 2013. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics segment, in Q4 total revenue grew 4% and organic growth was very strong again at 7%. We continued to deliver strong growth across much of the portfolio. As Marc mentioned, our ImmunoDiagnostics business had a very strong quarter and growth in our Transplant Diagnostics and biomarkers business were robust as well. Our healthcare channel also had a strong finish to the year, in part driven by sales of seasonal products. For the full year, both reported and organic revenue grew 5%. Adjusted operating income in the segment increased 6% in Q4 and adjusted operating margin was 27.1%, up 70 basis points from the prior year. In the segment, we had strong pull-through on the organic growth, strong productivity and a positive benefit from FX, partially offset by strategic growth investments. For the full year, adjusted operating income increased 6% and adjusted operating margin was 27.4%, up 30 basis points from 2013. In the Laboratory Products and Services segment, Q4 reported revenue grew 2% and organic revenue grew 8%. Our Research and Safety Channel showed particular strength benefiting from continued improvement in U.S. academic and government markets and year-end spending by our BioPharma and industrial customers. For the full year, reported revenue grew 3% and organic revenue grew 5%. Adjusted operating income in Laboratory Products and Services was flat for the quarter and adjusted operating margin was 14.5%, down 40 basis points driven by unfavorable business mix and the Cole-Parmer divestiture, partially offset by solid productivity and favorable price. For the full year 2014, adjusted operating income increased 2% and adjusted operating margin was 14.9%, down 10 basis points from the prior year. So with that, I'd like to review the details of our 2015 guidance. As Marc mentioned, we're initiating a 2015 adjusted EPS guidance range of $7.22 to $7.40, which represents growth of 4% to 6% over our 2014 EPS of $6.96. In terms of revenue, our guidance range is $16.80 billion to $17.00 billion, which is about flat with our reported revenue of $16.89 billion in 2014. As Marc mentioned, we're seeing an unprecedented negative impact on both the top and bottom line as a result of the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus our major foreign currencies. As always, we're focused on our reported numbers, but I thought I'd give you a bit more color on FX to give you some perspective on how it's impacting our guidance. Foreign currency is reducing our adjusted EPS growth by $0.58 or 8%. So if you were to look at our 2015 guidance on an FX neutral basis, adjusted EPS would be growing 12% to 14%, which represents very strong underlying operating performance. On the top line, FX is lowering our revenue by about 4.5%, so our FX neutral reported growth guidance would be 4% to 5%. Moving on to the details of our guidance, acquisitions net of divestitures are expected to contribute about 50 basis points to our reported revenue growth in 2015. On an organic basis, our revenue range assumes an organic growth midpoint of about 4%, which includes Life Technologies after February 3, the one year anniversary of the close date. The midpoint of our 2015 organic revenue growth guidance is essentially the same as our 2014 organic growth when calculated on a pro forma basis including Life Technologies. We're not expecting any significant changes in our growth assumptions by end market compared to 2014. And that being said, there is a slight mix shift by end market as a result of including Life Sciences Solutions in our 2015 organic growth calculation from February onward. As a result, we're expecting slightly slower growth in pharma and biotech in the mid to high single digits and slightly stronger growth in academic and government although still in the low single digits. We expect growth in diagnostics and healthcare as well as industrial and applied to be consistent with 2014 at around the Company average. For the Life Sciences Solutions segment, we expect pro forma organic growth of 3% to 4% for 2015. Compared to 2014, growth in this segment will benefit from revenue synergies but will face a more difficult growth comparison and some dilution from the divestitures. Consistent with past practice, our guidance assumes current foreign currency exchange rates and we haven't attempted to forecast future changes in rates. Our guidance also does not include any future acquisitions or divestitures. Turning to adjusted operating margin, we're expecting around 50 to 70 basis points of expansion year-over-year. In terms of pull-through on the FX revenue headwind, we're expecting a substantial unfavorable impact on the bottom line totaling $275 million or about 37% average margin and 70 basis points of adjusted operating margin dilution. This is being driven primarily by the weakening of the euro and Japanese yen. With the addition of Life Technologies, the euro now pulls through to our adjusted operating income at a little more than 35% and the yen is consistent with prior years at 60% pull-through. So if you were to look at our 2015 guidance on an FX neutral basis, our margin expansion would be very strong at 120 to 140 basis points. We're aggressively managing our cost base and driving top line actions to offset as much of the FX headwind as possible without damaging our future growth prospects. We're also managing the FX impact with below the line actions such as share buybacks, further optimizing our debt structure and initiating additional tax planning strategies. In total, we expect our productivity drivers to yield about 260 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion. Similar to last year, we expect to deliver productivity from our PPI Business System, our global sourcing initiatives including low-cost region sourcing and manufacturing, our footprint optimization actions and we're assuming about $115 million of incremental cost synergy benefit in 2015, and that will realize about $60 million of revenue synergies with around $20 million of adjusted operating income benefit. This puts us well on track to achieve our year three goal of $350 million of combined cost and revenue synergies. These benefits will be somewhat offset by select strategic investments to continue to drive growth primarily in emerging markets and also to enhance our customer experience. Moving below line, we expect net interest expense to be in the range of $375 million to $385 million, about $50 million lower than 2014. The decrease is primarily as a result of continuing to pay down our term loan along with settling our 2015 maturities, a portion of which will be financed with our November 2014 bond issuance. We're expecting our adjusted income tax rate to be about 14%, down slightly from 14.5% in 2014. In this projection, we're assuming that the R&D tax credit will be approved again in 2015 or that we'll do some incremental tax planning above our base assumptions to replace it. In terms of capital deployment, we're assuming that we'll return approximately $240 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends and $500 million through share buybacks which as I mentioned we completed earlier this month. This leaves about $400 million remaining on our current share buyback authorization. Full-year average diluted shares are estimated to be in the range of 403 million to 404 million, up slightly from 2014, and we're expecting net capital expenditures to be in the range of $435 million to $450 million. Finally, in terms of full year 2015 free cash flow, we're expecting about $2.6 billion, up $350 million compared to 2014. As a final note on guidance, I thought it'd be helpful to give you some insight into what we're expecting for Q1 2015, because Q1 last year included only a partial quarter of the Life Technologies acquisition and that resulted in higher than normal margin due to the timing of revenue and expenses throughout the quarter. We're expecting Q1 2015 reported revenue growth of 1% to 3%, and organic revenue growth of 2% to 4%. In terms of Q1 earnings, we're expecting adjusted EPS growth of 2% to 6% and adjusted operating margin expansion of about 15 basis points. In addition, we expect our interest expense and tax rate to be higher in Q1 than the average for the year as a result of the phasing of paying down debt and implementing tax planning throughout the year. As always, in interpreting our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance ranges, you should focus on the midpoint as our most likely view of how we see things playing out. Results above or below the midpoint will depend on the relative strength of our markets as well as FX fluctuations during the year. In summary, we delivered a strong finish to the year which positions us well to achieve our financial goals for 2015. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth J. Apicerno: Thanks, Pete. Melissa, we're ready to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] In order to allow everyone in the queue an opportunity to address the Thermo Fisher management staff, I would like to ask that you limit your time on the call to one or two questions. If you have additional questions, please return to the queue and pose your question in turn. Your first question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Derik de Bruin: Wow, first question for a change. So just one quick one and then just one other one, so Pete, you're a day less in Q1 this year by your calendar, is that my correct calculation on that?
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, it's one less day in Q1 and then we pick up the day again in Q4.
Derik de Bruin: Okay, just making sure that that's there. And I guess on China, can you just sort of  I mean a couple of your competitors made some noise about seeing at least a little bit of improvement or seeing some potential pickup, I mean what's embedded into your organic revenue growth guidance for China this year?
Marc N. Casper: In terms of China, looking back at last year, mid-single digit growth in the quarter, mid-single digit growth for the full-year, bookings growth was stronger at high single-digit, so we built a little bit of backlog. From our perspective, we're assuming in the guidance that market conditions are going to be very similar in 2015 to 2014, and obviously when we hit an inflection point for accelerated growth and we'll obviously communicate it, but there's not a huge amount of transparency right now into when the government is going to step up spending. So based on the fact that 2015 has an easier comparison versus what we've had last year, that should hopefully be a conservative assumption on China.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Ross Muken: On the quarter, in and of itself, I mean you had, and a couple of other businesses had their best sprint of the year from a growth perspective, if you sort of look under the hood and examine where the greatest deltas were in the Q at least relative to your expectations, ex maybe one-off things like flu, where do you feel like the core performance really inflected and it was sort of a market or share or kind of underlying dynamic, because I think the numbers across the board in some of the pieces were a lot there than certainly we were looking for?
Marc N. Casper: So, Ross, the team across our businesses and across the globe performed very well, and the 6% organic growth, the strength in each of our business segments really was a highlight. Very nice to see the Life Sciences Solutions business had very strong growth in the quarter, delivered a very nice year overall with about 3.5% growth on the full-year which is about 1 point better than what it had been growing the prior year. So that's a real positive. But we saw good performance in our channel businesses, both in Specialty Diagnostics and in the Research and Safety one within Lab Products and Services, and generally a great year with our mass spec and chroma business as well, so really strong across the board.
Ross Muken: And obviously relative to 2015, very difficult environment, you sort of noted sort of unprecedented from an FX perspective, so as you sort of saw rates shift in the last several weeks, what are the sorts of discussions you have internally in terms of whether it's prudent to do something more aggressive on the cost side or push up synergy capture, I mean it's obviously a hard thing to judge and the magnitude of the moves have been kind of again more volatile than we would have thought, so as you think about sort of the potential offsets or how you plan out the rest of the year because you've never been shy doing things into a year, what are the key things we should look for to figure out if maybe we see further offsetting items that come later in Q2 or Q3 or beyond?
Marc N. Casper: So that's a great question. So the way the team has thought about it is the following, which is Company is performing extraordinarily well operationally, good momentum with our customers, and when we looked at the FX headwind, the way the team has responded, is signed up for a more aggressive operating plan, right. So you look at it, the midpoint of our guidance at organic growth of 4% is stronger than the last few years. When you look at the underlying margin assumptions, EPS assumptions, with only $0.5 billion of capital deployment, you're seeing very strong fundamental actions. Some businesses took incremental cost actions, some businesses signed up for more growth, and basically we have a great team of people around the world, we discuss it business by business and so what's the best way to maximize our performance. So that's to look at how we're dealing with the situation right now at this moment in time. Looking forward, if rates improve, we're just going to let that flow to the bottom line and just raise the guidance. If rates deteriorate, then what the team is going to do is try to offset as much as we can without damaging obviously the Company for the long-term. So it's not a plus or minus, we're only  it moves evenly if the world gets more difficult, we'll offset what we can do, and if the world gets better that all goes to the bottom line. So that's how we're thinking about it.
Ross Muken: I guess you probably never imagined a year where you'd have as strong a core growth as you're having, it would only drop down to 5% earnings growth.
Marc N. Casper: The way I look at it is, we have managed through lots of different environments and we exit every one of these periods a stronger, more competitive industry leader, and I view the FX changes as an opportunity for Thermo Fisher to plough through this and come out as an incredibly strong company with great financial performance, and we'll look back at this period, whether it's one month, six months or a couple of years in terms of this type of environment, and I think our shareholders and certainly our customers will say, wow, Thermo Fisher distinguished itself once again. So that's how we're thinking about it, we'll be super-aggressive in managing the business.
Ross Muken: Alright, thanks Marc.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Isaac Ro: So just want to ask a quick question on the LPS business, just trying to get a sense of the extent to which you felt like market share or mix might have been part of the strong performance?
Marc N. Casper: So in the LPS segment, we have more exposure to the academic and government customer base there and that obviously had strong year-end spend both in Europe and the U.S., so that helped us from an end market perspective. And our Research Channel business, Research and Safety Channel business is doing great, it's performing well and I think it continues to gain market share. So it's a combination of those two events.
Isaac Ro: Got it. And then, in the forensics business, that's obviously been a really nice business for you guys over the years, both prior to the Life acquisition and since. Looking ahead, it seems like there's a little new competition coming on the marketplace. What's your plan to sort of defend your turf there and maybe try and expand the market to a sustained, a healthy growth rate?
Marc N. Casper: In terms of forensics, we're the industry leader globally, we have a great position between our Sanger sequencing and some customers are starting to look at NGS and we play a role there as well. So we're leveraging our installed base and decades long relationships with these customers to make sure that they're getting what they need. It's a conservative customer base and we're well-positioned there. We work with a variety of governmental agencies as well to help them expand the market and create new opportunities for forensics testing, we're right in the midst of that, and that rewards us with good market share.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Nice quarter. Maybe just kind of going back to the prior questions on some of the offsets for FX, and maybe for Pete, I'm wondering if you could talk about whether any of the tax strategies that you alluded to could have an impact this year. And then on the repo, I assume you'll complete the remaining 400 million. That sounds like that wasn't embedded in guidance, but beyond that, should we assume that buybacks are a bit more of a priority than bolt-on or larger M&A in this environment?
Marc N. Casper: Let me do the capital deployment one and then Pete will cover the other part. In terms of capital deployment, our assumption in the guidance is to have $1 billion. That we completed. In terms of the balance of how we think about the year, we'll continue to look at bolt-on M&A and where it makes sense we have a good pipeline, so we'll look at that. And then obviously as the year unfolds, we'll determine whether it makes sense to do additional share buybacks or not. So right now, what's embedded in the guidance is what we've done and then we'll update you in the future quarters about how we're going to deploy capital.
Peter M. Wilver: Then on the tax rate, so Tycho, we've baked in a significant amount of tax planning actions into our guidance, and as I said we've included the R&D tax credit, so that's worth about $20 million. It hasn't been approved yet but it's been approved the last number of years. So we decided to put it into our guidance this time around. So if that doesn't happen for some reason, then we would actually have to come up with $20 million of incremental tax planning in order to offset it, which we feel confident that we can do, but that's the way it's set up in our guidance.
Tycho Peterson: Then in terms of some of the assumptions by segment or customer base embedded in guidance, you talked about mid-single-digit to high single digit growth in pharma biotech. Can you maybe just talk about the momentum there, is this largely from some of the larger global accounts? And then on academic, low single digit seems like a reasonable starting point. I think there are some discussions and do you see you could see a more meaningful bump than has been proposed to the NIH, so any intel you can share from what you're hearing out of DC on the budget?
Marc N. Casper: So in pharma and biotech, obviously had a very strong year in 2014, high single digit growth in the quarter and the year. As we look to this coming year, there were some mid to high single digits simply because we have the Life Technologies included in the end market calculation. So that just makes it a bit of a broader base but we focus on gaining share. Academic and government, right now the funding level in the NIH is modest growth. There's a lot of dialog going on about increased opportunities but that hasn't yet obviously translated. Obviously there was a little bit of a mention in the State of the Union and Dr. Collins, the Head of the NIH, has been out actively talking to the industry and the constituents about opportunities to make investments there. So we'll see how that plays out, if it gets even stronger than what we anticipated at this point.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then just lastly, if we think about the strong dollar, any chance you would maybe accelerate some international investments? I know you're moving some manufacturing to Singapore. Are there other opportunities to maybe benefit from the strong dollar in terms of your manufacturing footprint?
Marc N. Casper: It's a good question. So in terms of manufacturing, one of the things that we're doing, we're moving more of our production of reagents to our Lithuanian site which is both low-cost and obviously we'll benefit from the exchange rates. Over time, we'll increase sort of the natural hedge in our business by increasing our manufacturing footprint in Europe by selecting our lowest cost facility to do that. So we've got a very substantial presence in Lithuania and continue to expand that out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: My first question is on M&A. So the Life deal was completed about a year ago, you're in a position to get the debt-to-EBITDA ratio down to 2.5x this year, could you just give us a refresher on your M&A criteria including size parameters, maximum leverage parameters and ROIC targets and over what period? And related to this, is it fair to conclude that while it would be tough to do anything in Life Sciences Solutions given ongoing Life Tech integration efforts, that sizeable deals that have overlap with other business units are fair game if they make sense?
Marc N. Casper: Great question. So given that we haven't done, after doing very large transactions we had a quieter year, it's a good opportunity to refresh everyone on our M&A approach, right, and it's obviously been fine-tuned over 15 years and we have a great track record here. The strategy is around, acquisitions have to strengthen the Company strategically. It has to be well understood and appreciated by our customers and it clearly has to create shareholder value as measured by return on invested capital. Our hurdle rate has remained the same over very long periods of time which is an 8.5% cost of capital is what we assume, it is the hurdle rate, meaning that we're targeting double-digit returns or better when we deploy capital internally or externally. In terms of areas of focus for M&A, it would cut across our higher tech portions of our portfolio, Life Sciences Solutions, Specialty Diagnostics, Analytical Instruments. And in terms of the scale of deals, we don't have any size constraints, although the way I think about it is, over the last 10, 15 years, we've done two large deals and we've done, I don't know, 75 to 100 bolt-ons, right. So the predominance of what we do is bolt-ons and in any given year you should expect us to look at some smaller transactions, and then once every few years when the stars line up sometimes larger things happen. In terms of the target leverage ratios, we like to operate day to day in the 2.5x to 3x. We're willing to spike up to about 4.5x. So we have plenty of capacity at any point in time if we want to deploy capital on something that clearly creates shareholder value, and occasionally those larger opportunities present themselves, but I think you should expect us to be doing bolt-on acquisitions as based on where the number of companies really are in terms of opportunities.
Doug Schenkel: And the last part of the question on a bit by segment, is it right to assume that LSS is probably not ready for something big but other areas might be if the opportunity presents itself?
Marc N. Casper: I mean generally the LSS  I mean not generally, specifically, the LSS team is doing an incredible job of managing the business, the team is nailing it. Is it likely that we'll have very large transaction there? No, I think it's a little likely here event, but I'm very confident in the team, but I would say we're really focused on running what we have, and where things to create shareholder value and strengthen the Company, we'll look at them.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. And then I guess my second question is really on the pharmaceutical end market. It clearly sounds like momentum has continued there for not just you but others in the group. For Thermo specifically, you guys have been pretty strong in this end market for a while and that's a function of not just recent cross-group trends but also new products and really your ability to package products across different verticals. Could you talk about two things, one is, how you're feeling about your ability to continue to pick up share the way you have over the last few years via your portfolio approach, and I guess the second part of it is, how should we think about visibility on sustainability? Q4 for example was really, really strong. Is there any risk of that there is some pull-forward of spend that might lead to a moderation in growth at least in the first half of the year and how do you factor that into guidance? Thank you.
Marc N. Casper: So in terms of the continuation of the ability to gain share, the leverage of our value proposition, highly, highly confident, we have gotten only better, right. We have more experience, more case studies, more customers willing to do referrals and even more capabilities with the addition of Life Technologies to our portfolio. So we're doing well and we have lots of opportunity to continue to drive that, we're expanding the number of accounts we're focused on and generally I feel great about it. In terms of visibility, I have pretty good visibility into the end market. I mean it bounces around a little bit quarter to quarter. In terms of  the easiest way to answer is more how to think about the year, alright, if we're saying  we are saying, the 4% organic growth is the midpoint of the guidance for the full-year for the Company, we have a little lower organic growth in Q1, as Pete mentioned in his opening comments, and we expect the second half of the year to be slightly stronger than the first half of the year on an organic basis. So that is a comment on all the end markets as opposed to a comment specifically on pharma, Doug.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steve Beuchaw: Marc, I wanted to follow-up on a comment you made in your prepared remarks about academic spending trends. It's clearly embedded in the overall outlook and you've referenced a couple of points where academic was particularly solid at the end of the year. I wonder if you could point us to where over the course of 2015 you think there's the most opportunity for improvement, not so much in terms of execution but in terms of the end market specifically in academic and government.
Marc N. Casper: So, Steve, as we look at 2015, we're expecting low single digits but a little bit better than the low single digits we delivered in 2014. We're expecting the U.S. to be slightly stronger because the customer base has more visibility to the budgets now and that allows them to spend. So that should play out exactly as we thought on the academic and government, which was weaker spending in the first half of the year, stronger spending in the second. We expect this year the environment to be stable and modest growth, so U.S. a little better. We think Europe will be a little bit more muted just given the economic environment there, but still a little better in aggregate across the globe.
Steve Beuchaw: And then a broader question on seasonality in the model, I mean when we look at 2013 and again in 2014, in both years we were surprised a bit to the upside on organic growth, and we can point to different factors in each year, but I wonder is it possible that we're getting into a world where the business is a little bit more seasonal where the fourth quarter does trend a little bit stronger than it might have on a relative basis as compared to prior years and we should think about that in terms of how we model the second half of 2015?
Marc N. Casper: In terms of overall activity, the fourth quarter is by far the strongest because you've had some factors change over the last few years. One is the way healthcare utilization patterns have operated with low activity in the beginning of the year and then it ramps. So in terms of absolute dollars, Q4 is very strong. In terms of the organic growth, it shouldn't affect things, right. Organic growth in that respect shouldn't be affected by that change. What is happened, at least as we look back at the last couple of years in the fourth quarter is, the economic environment has been pretty stable and customers have been willing to release year-end funds. In both years, it was always at the beginning of those years some uncertainty, could the world be bad, and at the end of the year the world played out okay and people released money. So I think there's a bit of a people holding back until the end of the year, a little bit of caution, and then if things look okay then they release funds. So I think that's going on a little bit.
Steve Beuchaw: Thanks so much.
Marc N. Casper: Melissa, we have time for just one more.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Steve Willoughby: Really just two things. First I guess, Pete, as it relates to your guidance for 2015 looking at operating margins, I know you broke out the negative impact from FX. Could you maybe also help us think about the 50 to 70 basis points you guys are guiding to operating margin expansion in 2015, what is the makeup of that expansion, is there any incremental benefit from Life, gross margins versus leveraging other expenses?
Peter M. Wilver: Sure. So just in terms of the split between the elements of the P&L, if you take the midpoint, of 60 basis points about 30 comes from gross margin and about 30 comes from SG&A, and we expect to hold the R&D percent of revenue pretty much flat year-over-year. And then in terms of how it breaks out between the different elements, FX and price/volume mix, so price/volume mix is about 50 basis points. As I mentioned earlier, foreign exchange is a 70 basis point dilution. There's about 10 basis points net between the acquisition and divestiture. So that represents the divestitures related to the acquisition as well as the Cole-Parmer divestiture, and then just picking up one month of Life Technologies that we didn't get last year. Productivity, about 190 basis points; synergy, 70 basis points; inflation, negative 90; and then about 100 basis points of investments. That's a pretty similar profile to what we've seen in prior years with the exception of obviously the foreign exchange dilution is very significant. So other than that, it's pretty much a normal year.
Steve Willoughby: Okay, thanks so much for that. And then just secondly, in terms of the revenue synergies Marc alluded to, you guys are starting to do some of that in 2015. I might have missed it, but did you give a number of what you're factoring in for revenue synergies in 2015 in your guidance?
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, I did. It's 60 million in revenue and we're assuming about 20 million EBITDA pull-through on that.
Marc N. Casper: Great. So let me thank everyone. We're going to wrap-up the call. Obviously we're pleased to deliver an outstanding quarter, a great year in 2014. We're looking forward to build on that momentum, have a really strong 2015, and of course thanks for the support to Thermo Fisher Scientific and we look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth Apicerno  VP, Investor Relations Marc Casper - President and Chief Executive Officer Pete Wilver  SVP and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ross Muken - ISI Group Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Jeff Elliott - Robert W. Baird Dan Arias - Citigroup 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2014 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Kenneth Apicerno:  Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Pete Wilver, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts & Presentations, until November 21, 2014. A copy of the press release of our 2014 third quarter earnings and future expectations is also available on our website under the heading Financial Results.  So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 28, 2014, under the caption, Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and also available in the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today.  Also during this call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our third quarter 2014 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information.  Also before we get started, one other item to note is that the commentary we provide on todays call regarding the companys total revenue growth and revenue growth by end market and geography are on an organic basis only, and therefore do not include the performance of Life Technologies.  So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc. 
Marc Casper:
 : I am also pleased to report that our integration of Life Technologies is progressing ahead of our expectations. I'll cover more on these highlights later in my remarks, but first let me start with the financials. As you saw in our press release, our total revenue for the quarter grew 31% year-over-year. Adjusted operating income was $915 million in Q3 and we expanded our adjusted operating margin by 250 basis points to 21.9%. Turning to our adjusted EPS performance, we delivered another outstanding quarter with 32% growth in adjusted EPS to $1.71 per share. Our team effectively leveraged our top line growth and drove excellent productivity to the operational discipline of our PPI business system. This resulted in outstanding performance on the bottom line. We also generated good cash flow in Q3. We're continuing to use our strong cash flow to pay down debt and we're on track to reach our target leverage by Q3 of 2015. As we move into 2015, we intend to resume our strategy of disciplined capital deployment. As you know this is a combination of strengthening our strategic position through M&A and retuning capital to our shareholders through buybacks and dividends. I'll now turn to our four key end markets and give you some color on what we saw relative to our overall growth in the quarter. At a high level, we delivered mid single digit growth in three of our end markets and similar to last quarter academic and government grew in the low single digits. Industrial and applied markets our performance here was stronger in Q3 than in the first half of the year. To give you a couple of the highlights. First, we had good performance in our channel, with some nice wins from industrial customers who are recognizing the benefits of our customer value proposition. In addition, our chromatography business reported good growth. In diagnostics and healthcare, we performed well again this quarter. The dynamic in this end market was pretty similar to what we saw in Q2. Our clinical diagnostics businesses had another good quarter with continued strong sales of our biomarker tests. And our growth in immunodiagnostics business was very strong driven largely by demand for allergy tests. In particular, our [Vue] [ph] allergy test has been well received and is growing rapidly. This is a test that we developed for our Japanese customer base and launched at the beginning of the year. Turning to pharma and biotech. We saw good growth from this customer set in the quarter and our biopharma services business continues to perform well. One recent development in this end market that we're excited about is our new partnership with long time customers GSK and Pfizer. We signed an agreement with them to develop a universal next gen sequencing oncology test that could service a companion diagnostic for multiple drug programs. The goal of the diagnostic is to enable a comprehensive set of analysis of multiple and relevant genetic markers using a single test. With this information cancer patients could potentially benefit from therapies that are much more targeted to their tumors genetic profile. In academic and government conditions were very similar to Q2, with year-over-year improvement in North America, offset by weakness in China. So before I move on to the business highlights, let me give you some commentary from a geographic perspective. At a high level we havent seen any significant changes in our key geographies since last quarter. With that said, I do want to make comment on China. Our growth in China in Q3 was in the low single digits. A little better than Q2, but below what we included in our previous guidance. This was due to the slow release of funding by the Chinese government which is impacting revenue. The good news is that despite the conditions in China we again delivered mid single digit growth for the company overall. This speaks to the advantages we have through our global geographic coverage, diverse end markets and strength of our value proposition. Let me now shift to highlight some of the exciting new products we launched in the quarter that strengthened our leadership position and creates new opportunities for us to gain market share. As you know, innovation is a core element of our growth strategy and weve had a very strong year of new product introductions across our technology portfolio. Early in Q3 we launched a breakthrough UHPLC system, the Thermo Scientific Vanquish. This is a significant technology advancement because it solves two key issues for our customers in the applied markets. First, these customers need exceptional accuracy and precision as they separate out individual components and their samples. And second, they need to run their analysis faster to improve productivity and manage the high volume of samples in their labs. We also launched new Accucore columns that are specifically designed to optimize performance on the Vanquish system. Of course Vanquish runs on our to gold-standard Chromeleon chromatography data system making it a simple but highly effective tool for customers working in food safety, industrial or biopharma labs. In our Life Sciences Solutions business an important part of the integrations strategy is to accelerate growth by increasing the impact of new product launches. In the quarter we launched the Attune Acoustic Flow  Acoustic Focusing Flow Cytometer, which offers Life Science researchers both high sensitivity and high throughput for cell analysis. I was out with our team in Eugene, Oregon in August and it was great to see their excitement around this new generation technology. Attune is designed to provide multiple capabilities as single instrument, providing a cost effective and virtual solution for customer application ranging from biomarker discovery to cancer research. I also want to highlight several examples in the quarter that illustrate how we're supporting a growing trend that we talked about a lot. The convergence of life sciences tools and diagnostics. At AACC, the leading Expo in North America for clinical customers, we showcased expanded diagnostic offering of specialty assays, analytical instrument and genetic analysis technologies. We featured our ImmunoCAP and EliA test for allergy and autoimmunity testing, as well assays for drugs-of-abuse and transplant monitoring. For the first time we launched new analytical instruments in software that are now listed with FDA as Class I medical devices for clinical use. The Prelude MD HPLC, the Endura MD mass spectrometer and the ClinQuan MD software. In our next gen sequencing portfolio we showcased the Ion Torrent PGM and recently launched Ion Chef sample prep although at the time both instruments were intended for research use only. Since then however, we introduced the Ion PGM Dx system in both the US and Europe for clinical use. The PGM Dx will enable our clinical customers to more easily develop and implement new next gen sequencing diagnostic assays in their laboratories. This means they will be able to simultaneously screen hundreds of genes from patients samples with the rapid turnaround with tough time required in a clinical study. All of these new products are great examples of how we fulfill our mission, which is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Another example of this is our involvement in the Ebola crisis. We're helping our customer whether they are in government agencies, hospital or industry to get the products they need to contain this global threat. We're providing a steady supply of necessary reagents to public health labs. Here in the US and globally that are screening to positively identify a Ebola in patients who show symptoms. These reagents are used in combination with two independent Ebola assays developed by the CDC and the DOD, both have received emergency used authorization. We also have more then 400 of our Applied Biosystems 7500 Fast Dx, qPCR platforms in labs around the world that have been authorized to run these tasks. Before I turn to our guidance, let me give you quick update on the Life Technologies integration. Our teams continue to make excellent progress implementing their plans and the revenue growth of our Life Sciences Solutions business is right in line with our acquisition assumptions. Last quarter you'll recall that we increased our expected synergies for 2014 to $100 million from the $85 million we announced when we closed the deal. I am pleased to say that we now expect to deliver a little more than a $100 million by the end of the year to accelerating some cost synergy actions. We also remain confident in overall adjusted operating income synergy target of $350 million for the year three which we highlighted at our May Analyst meeting. Turning now to our annual guidance. As you saw on our press release, we've updated our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance, primarily on the recent unfavorable changes in FX. We now expect revenue to be in the range of $16.74 billion to $16.82 billion which leads to 28% growth over 2013. This led us to tighten our adjusted EPS range to $6.87 to $6.95 for a 27% to 28% growth in 2014. The key point I want to make here is that despite the FX headwinds we maintained the mid point of our adjusted EPS range. Before turn the call over to Pete, let me leave you with a few thoughts about where we are at this point in the year. In terms of our top line growth, while certain emerging markets have been weaker than expected, we delivered solid growth for the company overall. The Life technologies integration continues to progress very smoothly. Finally, our strong financial performance over the past nine months and our intense focus on driving operational improvements are keeping us on track to achieve our adjusted EPS goal for the year. All of these achievements create a solid foundation for a strong 2015.
, :
Pete Wilver: Thanks, Marc. Good morning everyone. As usual, I'll begin with an overview of our total company Q3 financial performance, then provide some color on our four segments and conclude with a detailed review of our updated 2014 guidance. As a reminder, at the total company level, were reporting organic revenue growth using our standard methodology. That means we'll exclude the results of Life Technologies until we reach the one year anniversary date of the acquisition in early 2015. However as weve mentioned before for the Life Sciences Solution segment, we're providing organic revenue growth on a pro forma basis, as if we had owned Life Technologies for all of 2013 and 2014, to give you some insight into the growth performance of that segment. Additionally our results exclude Cole-Parmer from the date of the divestiture, August 15, consistent with our previous guidance. So starting with our overall financial performance. We grew adjusted EPS by 32% to $1.71. GAAP EPS was $1.17 in Q3, up 36% from $0.86 in the prior year. Looking at the top line. We delivered 4% organic revenue growth this quarter and total revenue increased 31% year-over-year. Q3 reported revenue includes 27 points of growth from acquisitions net of divestitures and an immaterial impact from foreign exchange. We strengthened our backlog slightly in the quarter with bookings a bit higher than revenue. By geography, North America grew in the mid single digits and Europe grew in the high single digits. Asia Pacific grew in the low single digits with China also growing in the low single digits as Marc mentioned. Rest of the world was mix, but in aggregate declined in the low single digits. Looking at our operational performance. Q3 adjusted operating income increased 48% and adjusted operating margin was 21.9%, up 250 basis points from Q3 last year. Our adjusted operating margin expansion for the quarter was driven primarily by the Life Technologies acquisition and achieving the related synergies. That said, we also continue to see strong contribution from our primary productivity levers: global sourcing, site consolidations and our PPI business system. We had margin expansion from FX in the third quarter, but we expect FX to be dilutive to our margin in the fourth quarter due to the significant strengthening of the dollar versus our major currencies at the end of Q3 and into early Q4. We realized $33 million of synergy benefits in Q3 and $73 million year-to-date. This puts us on track to slightly exceed the $100 million cost synergies we were targeting for full year 2014. During the quarter we continue to make strategic investments primarily to strengthen our core technology platforms and commercial capabilities to accelerate growth. Moving on to the details of the P&L. Total company adjusted gross margin came in at 49.1% in Q3, up 510 basis points from the prior year. This was primarily due to the addition of Life Technologies along with solid productivity across our businesses. Adjusted SG&A in Q3 was 22.9% of revenue, which is a 130 basis points unfavorable to 2013 quarter. Again this is primarily a result of the acquisition and was partially offset by volume leverage in our synergy and productivity actions. Finally, R&D expense came in at 4.2% of revenue for the quarter, a 120 basis points above the prior year. This reflects the impact of the relatively higher level of R&D investment in the Life Sciences Solutions segment. R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue in Q3 was 6.6%. Looking at our results below the line. Net interest expense in Q3 was $106 million, up $49 million from last year driven by the interest on the debt we raised to fund the Life Technologies acquisition. Adjusted other income for Q3 was $2 million, slightly higher than Q3 last year. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 14.8%, 50 basis points below last year, primarily as a result of our acquisition tax planning. Our year-to-date rate was 15% in line with our full-year outlook of about 15%. In terms of returning capital, we paid out $60 million in dividends to our shareholders in the quarter. Average diluted shares were 403.7 million in Q3, up 36 million or 10% from last year primarily as a result of the shares we issued to partially fund the Life Technologies acquisition, and to a much lesser extent option dilution. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Cash flow from continuing operations for the first nine months of the year was $1.67 billion and free cash flow was $1.42 billion after deducting $250 million of net capital expenditures. This is up significantly from our prior year cash flow primarily as a result of increased operating earnings from the acquisition and standalone business partially offset by acquisition related interest expense and cash payments tied to the acquisition and related divestitures. We ended the quarter with $544 million in cash and investments, down $62 million sequentially from Q2. We used the Cole-Parmer proceeds and cash generated in the quarter along with surplus cash on the balance sheet to pay down short-term debt during the quarter. As a result, our total debt at the end of Q3 was $14.5 billion, down $1.1 billion from Q2. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 3.9 times total debt to adjusted EBITDA and we remain on track to achieve our target leverage ratio of 2.5 to 3 times in Q3, 2015. So let me wrap up my comments on the total company with my usual update on our performance in terms of return on invested capital. Our trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC in the third quarter of 2014 was 9.3%, flat to Q2. This is a good result as increased returns across the business offset the short term dilution of adding another quarter of the Life Technologies investment into the average invested capital base. So with that, now Ill walk you through the performance of our four business segments. Starting with the Life Sciences Solution segment, in Q3 total revenue grew to $1.07 billion from $167 million in the prior year, primarily as a result of the Life Technologies acquisition net of the divestitures. On a pro forma basis, assuming Life Technologies was owned for the entire quarter in both periods, organic revenue grew 3% for the second quarter in a row. In the quarter we saw a strong growth in our bio production, next generation sequencing and cell biology businesses and we also saw a good growth in our applied markets, including human identification and animal food and environmental. Q3 adjusted operating income for Life Sciences Solution increased significantly, primarily as a result of the acquisition and achieving the related synergies, with adjusted operating margin up 530 basis points to 28.6%. In the analytical instruments segment both reported and organic revenue grew 3%. In the quarter we had very strong growth in our chromatography and instrument services businesses, which was partially offset by the weakness in China very similar to last quarter. Q3 adjusted operating income in analytical instruments increase 5% and adjusted operating margin was 17.5%, up 40 basis points. We delivered very strong productivity and saw a positive contribution from FX that were partially offset by a strategic growth investments and unfavorable business mix. Turning to the specialty diagnostic segment, in Q3 total revenue grew 7% and organic growth was a very strong again at 6%. We continue to deliver strong growth across much of the portfolio. As Marc mentioned, our immunodiagnostics business had a very strong quarter and growth in our clinical diagnostic business was notable as well. Adjusted operating income in the segment increased 10% in Q3 and adjusted operating margin was 27.6%, up 70 basis points from the prior year. In the segment, we had strong pull-through on the organic growth, good productivity and a positive benefit from FX, partially offset by strategic growth investments. In the laboratory products and services segment, Q3 reported revenue grew 2% and organic revenue grew 4%. Our biopharma services business continue to have good performance. The segment also benefited from continued improvement in our US academic and government end market, as well as an increased impact of our customer value proposition in industrial markets. Adjusted operating income in laboratory products and services grew 1% for the quarter and adjusted operating margin was 15.1%, down 30 basis points driven by unfavorable business mix and the Cole Parmer divestiture, partially offset by strong productivity. So with that, Id like to review the details of our update full-year 2014 guidance. As you saw in our press release, were updating our guidance to reflect our strong year-to-date performance and the impact of the recent unfavorable currency fluctuations. Stating with revenue, with one quarter to go we're tightening the range by $40 million and lowering the mid point by $140 million. This changes solely a result of the unfavorable FX impact of current rates on total company revenue for the remainder of the year. This leads to our new full year 2014 revenue guidance of $16.74 billion to $16.82 billion which represents year-over-year growth of 28%. On an organic basis, were still expecting standalone organic growth for full-year 2014 of 3% to 4% no change from our previous guidance. As I mentioned earlier, our total company organic growth does not include results of Life Technologies. For the Life Sciences Solutions segment, we still expect pro forma organic growth of 2% to 3% for full-year 2014 also unchanged from our previous guidance. In terms of FX, assuming recent rates, the year-over-year foreign-currency impact on our standalone revenue for the full year has gone from about 50 basis points positive in our previous guidance to about 25 basis points negative in our current guidance. We're experiencing a similar unfavorable impact due to the change in FX rates on our Life Sciences solutions revenue, although this is reflected as acquisition revenues rather than FX in our organic growth calculation. In terms of margin pull-through on total FX revenue, were now expecting a minimal positive impact for the full year, down considerably from our previous guidance. Although we've seen a margin benefit from FX year-to-date, we're assuming a fairly significant negative impact in the fourth quarter due to the recent change in rates. Consistent with past practice, we haven't attempted to forecast future foreign currency exchange rates and our guidance does not include any future acquisitions or divestitures. Moving to adjusted EPS, as you saw in our press release, were maintaining the mid point and tightening the range consistent with revenue range and reflecting our strong financial results year-to-date. This leads to a new full-year 2014 adjusted EPS guidance range of $6.87 to $6.95 which represents growth of 27% to 28% over our 2013 earnings per share of $5.42. As mentioned earlier, although we have significant unfavorable earnings impact from FX compared to our previous guidance, which results in about a $0.07 of adjusted EPS headwind, we're not changing mid point of our adjusted EPS guidance. We expect to offset the FX headwind with a combination of incremental productivity and accelerated acquisition cost synergies, along with about $0.01 of below the line benefit. Turning to adjusted operating margin, were expecting roughly 250 basis points of expansion to about 22% at the higher end of our previous guidance. Moving below the line, were expecting net interest expense to be in the range of $425 million to $435 million, consistent with our previous guidance. And as I mentioned earlier, were still expecting our adjusted income tax rate to be about 15% consistent with our previous guidance. In terms of capital deployment, were still assuming that we'll return approximately $240 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends. And we're also assuming that we'll continue to use the bulk of our free cash flow to pay down short-term debt. Full year average diluted shares are estimated to be in the range of 402 million to 403 million, up about 10% from 2013 and consistent with our previous guidance. Were expecting net capital expenditures to be in the range of $410 million to $430 million, down about $50 million from our previous guidance, based on actively managing our project spend, as well as identifying some duplicate investments as we get further into the integration. Finally, in terms of full-year 2014 free cash flow, we are maintaining our previous guidance of about $2.2 billion. We made good progress on cash flow year-to-date. But as I mentioned on last quarters call, we'll need perform very well in Q4 to offset the cash tax headwind created by the one time gain we realized from the Cole Parmer divestiture. As always, in interpreting our full year revenue and adjusted EPS guidance ranges, you should focus on the mid point as our most likely view of how we see the year planning out. Results above or below the mid point will depend on the relative strength of our markets during Q4. So in summary, we delivered a very strong quarter which positions us well to achieve our financial goals for the year. With that, Ill turn it back over to Ken.
Kenneth Apicerno:  Thanks, Pete. Melissa, were ready to open it up for Q&A.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Ross Muken from ISI Group. Your line is open.
Ross Muken - ISI Group:  Good morning, gentlemen.
Marc Casper:  Good morning, Ross.
Ross Muken - ISI Group: So, lot of color so thank you. But can you give us a little bit of sort of understanding of the trending on a geographic base in sort of the Europe business, as well as sort of Asia-Pac and I guess more specifically China as we kind of pace through the quarter and how it sort of matched up to the degree you can dig down on the bookings line you know, there is obviously lot of macro concern in both of those regions. I was just trying get a feel for which parts of your business are showing sort of strength or more stability, in which parts you're probably much more concerned about in those geographic areas?
Marc Casper:  So Ross, thanks for the question. So let's start out with Europe. And youve heard us talk many times in the past, we see Europe as a low single digit market from a growth outlook, and weve said that consistently. Our team is executing extremely well in Europe. We actually delivered high single digit growth in the quarter. Our diagnostics businesses which have reasonable exposure to the European market, particularly immunodiagnostics and clinical diagnostics have large presence there. They are both doing extremely well. Our biopharma services business did very well in Europe. So the team is executing well and while we dont think thats going to be a high single digit growth you know, really on a long-term basis, you know, team is doing great. So thats positive. Asia Pacific, really the story in Asia Pacific is really around China which is the way you reflected in your question. When I think about what's going on in China, we delivered low single digit growth in the quarter which actually is a little better than what we had in Q2. But it was below the expectations that we had  as we thought about last quarter. What we saw in China was a slow release of funds across the markets and we think thats been driven by the government both in how theyve reorganized the food safety administration, as well as their focus on transparency and you know, cracking down on corruption that the approval times to get fund releases is definitely extended significantly. From a longer term perspective, we continue to remain very positive on China. Our strategy is unchanged, so we have a tremendous advantage of scale, a great team and we're very well aligned with the Chinese priorities, which is you know clean waters, safe food, better environment, expanding healthcare capabilities. So long-term its good, but short term has been quite uncertain. So I sum it up in this way, revenue growth has been mid single digits through the first nine months is what is averaged out to be. Bookings has been stronger than that, so customer activity remains high, but funds are slow to release and as we look at the fourth quarter in the uncertain environment what we're assuming is a wider range of outcomes somewhere from low to mid single digit growth in the fourth quarter.
Ross Muken - ISI Group:  Thanks. And maybe just talking to kind of the performance overall in the quarter. I mean, I am looking at the market right now, it looks like people are kind of implying that this was sort of a disappointing result, I mean, we took it as more and sort of in line. I mean, as you think about your execution year-to-date how the quarterly EPS is sort of paced and how thats tracked versus your original expectations, how would you kind of characterize today's result and it seems like the overall 4% organic growth for a choppy macro is a pretty good outcome, I'd be curious how you think about that as well relative to peers?
Marc Casper: Yeah. So when I look at where we are at nine months, year-to-date or in Q3 clearly from the beginning of the year, China is slower than I think what anybody would have anticipated if we're sitting here in January. And we are right on track to delver the organic growth outlook that we did. So you know, North America has gotten better and the team has executed very well. So I feel good about that to say we're right in track with 3% to 4% organic growth for the full year. I am also very pleased with the organic growth rates of our Life Sciences Solutions segment which is doing better than it had done for several years in the past, you know, and I dont get excited about 2% to 3% growth in terms of our outlook. But you know its one thing to say it and another thing to actually do it and the team has done a good job of delivering that range of growth. So I feel good about that. Our primary metric is adjusted EPS and we are doing an excellent job of delivering strong earnings growth. Thats a combination of the synergies, the combination of a smooth integration and the power of our PPI business system. And when I look at the outlook, you know when I think about having a $0.07 headwind because of change in FX rates at the end of September an into October and the company's ability to offset that fully at the mid point of our guidance, I think it gives you a sense of the power of the execution model and really it sets us out for a very strong 2015. So thats the high level; our job is to power through the challenges and what we do is to explain what's going on, but at the end of day we're going to put up good results and we put up good earnings growth in Q3.
Ross Muken - ISI Group: Great. Thanks, guys.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan.: Thanks, guys. Just following up on the guidance, you know, can you maybe talk about whether its stronger to offset China being weaker than anticipated for the fourth quarter and other aspects where you're seeing a little bit more incrementally positive [Inaudible] in the year end?
Marc Casper: Yeah, if you look at it geographically North America we're expecting to be a bit stronger than when we had given the guidance quarter ago and when you think of it from an end market perspective, industrial and applied and healthcare and diagnostics will be a little bit stronger than what we would have said three months ago.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan.: Okay. Thats helpful. And then thinking a little bit about the capital deployment priorities and you're heading into next year is you know, you are at a point where you can start to at least think about deploying a little bit more capital. Can you maybe just talk about the M&A pipeline and how you're thinking about opportunities there, should we think about bolt-ons or potentially larger deals?
Marc Casper: Tycho, thanks for questions. So first on the capital deployment side of the equation. We paid down over a $1 billion in debt in the quarter. We are on track to hit our target leverage ratio in Q3 of next year. I think based on how well the integration is going and based on us delivering on the cash flows that we expected to delver, we feel confident and comfortable as we move into 2015 to once again start our disciplined, capital deployment strategy. So we dont feel required to wait until Q3 when we actually achieved the target leverage ratio, but actually you know sometime earlier in the year be able to begin executing it. In terms of the M&A pipeline, there is always a pipeline of activity that we look on and there is always a steady stream of bolt-ons that we would  wouldnt have been evaluating. So the team has been active and I would expect over time you'd see us to do some things. The reality is as you know from the many years of covering the company is, we dont assume any M&A is going to happen. We just assume that we'll have a good pipeline and if we like the fit of a deal and how it helps our customers and if it gives us the returns that we want then we'll go ahead and execute against it. So, not much has changed from that dynamic.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan.: Last one, there was some noise lately around the Kinetica software platform, can you maybe just talk about you know how important that is in the grand scheme of things and next steps and the degree to which you could ultimately be liable if at all for growth if that have been approved?
Marc Casper: Yeah, thanks for the question. In terms of Kinetica tiny product line, I had to look it up over the last 10 years in total we sold about $1 million worth of the product, okay, so its in the infinitesimal side. We take the issue very seriously obviously and the team is conducting a very thorough internal review. In terms of the potential impact, in the US it seems to be a non-issue as the FDA has stated clearly that it independently analyzes the bio equivalence data in their generic drug approval process. So, that doesnt seem to be an issue and we're right now going through and confirming what the processes are in Europe in particular to understand that better. So thats where we are with Kinetica.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan.: Okay. Thank you. And congrats on the quarter.
Marc Casper: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Derik de Bruin from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Hi, good morning.
Marc Casper: Good morning.
Pete Wilver:  Good morning, Derik. 
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Pete, just though we have little bit of basis then with people you know as we started thinking about 2015. Can you just give us sort of what you think at today's rate the FX hit would be on '15 just to help us little bit better tell where your model?
Pete Wilver: So, its a little early for us to comment on 2015, but obviously we'll provide a complete guidance as we normally do. In January on Q4 earnings call that said, if today's rates were to hold over the course to next year that would clearly be a revenue and earning side when compared to where we are today. In terms of the magnitude, we'll get into that when we provide detail guidance in January.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. You the lab products and services business is been remarkably strong for the last couple of years and you've been pushing up 4% organic revenue growth its been averaging and lot of thats been driven by the biopharma services business, and what some broader thought on the LPS business, is it sort of stay at that rate is it normalized more back towards of 8% range going forward. I am just curious in terms of the stability in the business?
Pete Wilver: Yeah, so when you look at the lab product and services business, it is the heart of Australian productivity for our customer and which is why the business has continued to and has a you know continue to do well and has a bright outlook effectively the combination of our channel which allows customers to manage the huge complexcity of life science tools is in their research labs the biopharma services business which drives significant productivity in the R&D process in the clinical trials logistic outsourcing and our very large base of equipment and consumables that are used every and everyday in every laboratory help our customers speculate choice on those products, means that what we do here is very relevant. Team has executed very well. We've had you know a good base of customer continuing to take advantage of our capabilities and we've delivered good growth. Whether it will be three or four in any given quarters its you know its hard to predict. But exactly but I do feel good about the growth prospects of the business Derik.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you so much. I'll get back in the queue.
Pete Wilver: Hey, Derik, one other just clarification on your question about FX, so as I mentioned in my comments we have only been reporting the FX revenue and impact related to standalone this year but obviously going into 2015, somewhat what we've been referring to as in a day [Golompus] acquisition, we'll be FX, so you have to take into account the impact of FX on the Life Sciences Solutions revenue as well. So the number will be just as a starting point be bigger in terms of revenue outlined US dollar.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right, I many know life had a lot more, your exposure certainly and your margins that trend, thats where I was getting, just a little bit of magnitude on hitting back.
Pete Wilver: Yeah, as well as yen.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. Okay. Thanks.
Kenneth Apicerno: We'll make sure we bridge there very carefully when we get into January.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel from Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company.: Hey, good morning guys. And thanks for taking the questions. So I guess to somewhat related questions, the first is really life tech synergies, recognizing the update you provided indicates that you guys are tracking are smidge ahead of planned, based on prior Thermo deals and recognizing I think a lot of us thought there were lot of inefficiencies within life check. I think its fair to assert that the expectation in the investment community were a little bit higher for upside relative to your synergy targets, you guys seem pretty happy with this. And I guess what I am wondering is that part of this is because you think you are on the cost of an acceleration in the pace of synergies and I make this point largely because as you talked about you maintained EPS guidance for the year in spite of some you know pretty now intense FX headwinds heading into Q4 and without China coming back when you essentially raised underlying EPS guidance for the year by $0.07 even fastening in FX. I mean you guys did acknowledge that you do expect deal synergies to be part of this so I am just wondering if you think you're on the cost but really accelerating the pace of deal synergies associated with the life deal?
Marc Casper: So, those are few things, we have been obviously tracking ahead of the synergies both in the first year and in the longer term right. So from the first year we've actually increased three or four times one of the thins that we really dont like to do is actually is that and it almost sounds cute, that we're raising by x million each quarter, that isnt the way we like it, first off its simple reason that it affects our colleagues right, and therefore I actually dont like the dynamic of talking too much about it, but rather you know whether we are on track to achieve our broader goals. I think given the magnitude of the FX headwinds you know we clearly as a team have been driving productivity hard across the entire business, so which every business is focused on and not into Life Science Solutions business as well. So yes we are accelerating the synergies and we're also accelerating cost reduction across the company because thats the right thing to do in terms of the environment that we're living in. So thats how we think about it I feel excellent about the 350 and what I can say is that we never stop looking for synergies both on the revenue and cost side and while we dont use that language inside the company today we're still getting benefits from the combination of Thermo Fisher which happened seven years ago, right. So we dont call it a synergy but we talked about it as our customer value proposition we talked about it as our strength in emerging markets and we're constantly look for upsides.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company.: Okay. Thanks for that Marc. And Pete I want to take a I guess a more direct shot at following up on Derik FX question, I mean obviously none of us want to predict where rates are going, but if we look at current levels would you disagree that FX looks like about a 2% headwind at the top line and you know I guess thats first part. The second part would be, should we be thinking as far as through at a similar rate what we've done in the past or is it drastically different because of the life deal as you started to talk about. And then I guess the third part to this would be keeping in mine that you did talk about essentially powering through $0.07 of incremental headwinds in Q4. How should we think about your ability to power through even more intense headwinds of the FX line next year? Thank you.
Pete Wilver: So in terms of total revenue, so I you are looking at the $17 billion number its less than 2% its some where in the range of $1.5 but probably be a better number, I dont have the exact calculation in front of me, in term of pull-through its more then what it was for standalone, Thermo Fisher historically which was generally at the average pull through of the company because as you say when we add life technologies they have much more revenue in foreign currency primarily the euro and yen than they have cost. So we're exposed a little bit more there. In terms of our ability to get the power through and offset the whole thing in 2015 its other scale that makes that very difficult. Obviously when we go to our planning process we'll be looking at that and determining what leverage we have to pull in terms of incremental restructuring, accelerating synergies just incremental productivity on all the normal things that we do PPI business system global sourcing the whole mix of what we have to attack those types of things. So as I said before we'll give you full view in January on what our plan is but its a big impact to offset completely.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company.: Okay. Thanks, Pete.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, guys. Thanks.
Pete Wilver: Hi, Isaac.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs: Hi, If you could talk a little bit about the pricing environment have interested specifically in your comments around pricing and LPS and analytical technology?
Pete Wilver: Yeah, so in terms of pricing environment very similar to what we seen over the last few quarters price is slightly positive in terms of the environment in terms of the  products and services I would say pretty similar to the average of the company and in terms of analytical instruments generally pricing is been okay, we have such differentiation in most of our product lines and such high level of vitality where we only where price is just function of new products in a way its less so and then in a very competitive segments of in areas like maybe commodity material maybe pricing is a little bit more challenged but again positive pressure overall.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs: Great. And then maybe in the OSS segment, could you talk a little bit more about the initiative you have in place to continue accelerate the organic growth profile versus what we saw before the acquisition and then maybe secondly for Pete as you talk little bit about how we should think about incremental margin opportunities across the very segments I would assume its high  so in a short terms asses given the synergies but just overall longer term period incremental margin by segment would be an interesting sort of general conversation to have?
Marc Casper: So in terms of what the team is executing on the growth side of the equation within Life Science Solutions, you know first of all independent the companies were independent and newest opportunities the revenue synergies right, so in the revenue synergies leverage our presence in emerging markets they leverage our corporate accounts and customer value proposition and the strong e-business capabilities for the two companies, right. So there is significant revenue synergies that start to generate next year and accelerate over time so thats one. Then in the base business excluding kind of revenue synergies within life science solutions you know we are focused on improving the impact of innovation that is clearly a big emphasis of the team. The Attune launch is a good example, we have efforts to accelerate growth in qPCR some interesting things that we're working on in the human identification area and forensic. So there is a number of things in the large installed base of very technically excellent products that we're working on you know really picking up the growth rate and then of course next gen sequencing is part of that as well and getting that business which is actually gone quite well to continue to strengthen its position and drive growth as well.
Pete Wilver: And then in terms of margins just at a very high level as you said life sciences solutions is going to benefit from both from synergies but of course they have regular margin expansion and productivity goals like all the other businesses. Analytical instruments we probably be second in terms of year-over-year margin expansion just based on the fact that obviously its all self manufactured products and its lower than the average margin for the company, especially diagnostics and next because this all self manufactured products as well expect for the healthcare channel and margin is relatively high, so its little bit higher to get margin expansion and then in laboratory products and services we have the impact of the channel so its a little bit more difficult to expand margins year-over-year there.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thanks so much guys.
Pete Wilver: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley:  Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions.
Pete Wilver: Good morning.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley: I'd like to spend just a bit more time on China, maybe a couple there, one Marc when you see the recovery in China, where do you think it shares up what segments of the end market and as you think about how the business there grows in 2015, assuming that budget start flowing again later in the year, could we see a period of accelerated growth with easy comps or do we remain in a some what slower growth environment albeit and potentially better than we've seen in 2014?
Marc Casper:  So, in terms of where we have the most exposure to China you would seen in the analytical instrument segment in terms of our presence there so that would be the beneficiary  the biggest beneficiary. In terms of 2015, obviously the comparison is going to be much easier next year versus the comparison we have next year so thats a positive factor we're still uncertain to know when the flow of funds is going to pick up so that one I had less visibility to. And so that will be some thing we have to think.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks for that. And then one on instruments, the commentary coming out of the ASMS was very positive, the commentary on Vanquish has been optimistic if you look at that business and how its trending if you cold do this excluding the drag from China can you talk about whether you are seeing any organic pick up there as a function of the new products for this year and if not how you think that might emerge going forward? Thanks again.
Marc Casper: Yeah. So new products Mass-spec are doing very well so I feel good about that, we had a very strong American Society of Mass Spectrometry show, chromatography business is doing well, I look at the nine moths year-to-date in those businesses I feel good about the performance; in that segment you know we have large industrial exposure with our chemical analysis business particularly around mining and commodity materials which continues to be quite weak so I think thats somewhat reflected in the number. So if you take the other angle you say, outside of China how is our chrom and mass-spec business is doing, its doing quite well. So I feel good about - thats different ones to think about it, its doing quite well.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley: Thanks, Marc.
Marc Casper: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research:  Morning, thanks for taking my call. I just wondering if you could provide any thoughts you have regarding the competitive environment now with your acquisition of Life Tech obviously there is been some other large moves recently just wonder if you could provide what are thoughts are on the competitive environment and you know if there any impacts from Sigma-Aldrich being acquired now, on Thermo Fisher?
Marc Casper: Yeah, I mean, we've in a consolidating industry we've been driving the consolidation and that trend continues. So thats something that we've been anticipating for a long period of time, its taken while for the industry consolidate and we expect that will continue to do so. There is still huge avenge of scale and you know there is huge avenge of  capabilities and we have a big, big hedge stars as the industry leader in terms of executing against it and we keep looking to strengthen our portfolio and do a great job serving our customers and we do that we feel we're very well positioned to grow our market share and strengthen our industry leadership position. So thats how would see it right now.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research:  Okay. And then just a little bit more of an near term question, a year ago it seems like the fourth quarter for many companies in the industry benefited from a year end budget flush to varying degrees and consequently you have a little bit more difficult comps here in the fourth quarter. Based on my math it looks like your guidance implies roughly kind of 3% to 5%, 5.5% organic growth in the fourth quarter. Just wondering you know what are your thoughts are and how you're going to be able to overcome the more difficult comps here in the fourth quarter versus what you've been experiencing so far this year?
Marc Casper: Yeah, so in terms of the guidance for the fourth quarter, if you kind walk you away to the math which I obviously do real quick real time, its about 2% to 4% organic growth in the quarter thats the range which would then when you kind of do all the math which put you at the 3% to 4% for the company for the full year. So thats what implied in the guidance.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research: Okay. Thanks very much.
Marc Casper: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Elliott from Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Elliott - Robert W. Baird.: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the question.
Marc Casper: Morning.
Jeff Elliott - Robert W. Baird.: Pete, first one for you, on FX you mentioned that the $0.07 incremental headwind, is that just on the standalone thermal business does that include the wide portion as well?
Pete Wilver:  No, that includes the live portion as well.
Jeff Elliott - Robert W. Baird.: Okay. So all in number there. And then Marc just you've given some color on Naspac, I guess can you talk just about the kind of the high end business, not just the new instruments but overall high end Naspac whats the competitive environment there now?
Marc Casper:  To exact to the fusion doing great, strong bookings from revenue, so we feel good about our position in terms of how we're doing at the high end we continue to bring out a stead stream new products and they are very received in the marketplace.
Jeff Elliott - Robert W. Baird.: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Marc Casper: You're welcome.
Pete Wilver: Mellisa we have time for just one more.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Dan Arias from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Dan Arias - Citigroup: Hi, good morning guys. Thank you. Marc on the academic markets, can you just give a little bit more color on the extent to which the improvement that you know there was a year-over-year fact on easier compare whether you're really seeing some material spending pick up there just once you get a better feel for what the federally funded folks feeling?
Marc Casper: Yeah, so academic and government Q3 was incredibly similar to Q2 so the North American environment or the US environment can was positive and the last two quarters was much better than the previous quarters. So you saw as we followed in the year that funding would flow through the systems it is you know its robust but its clearly its growing which is very good. The offset has been China  but now that is still low single digit growth I feel good that all for the end markets are back to a positive growth environment.
Dan Arias - Citigroup: Okay. Great. And then China, I you could just touch one additional point, last quarter you mentioned that even though the environment was difficult you felt good about not seeing order cancellations its fair to say but thats still the case this quarter and when the team looks out the next quarter or two that they feel good about what's in the books staying in book?
Marc Casper: Yeah, the environment is continuous to be consistent with that and the team is focused on turning those bookings into revenue.
Dan Arias - Citigroup: Very good. Thanks.
Marc Casper: Thank you. Let me wrap with a few thoughts, the first of which is 2015, we'll get into the guidance process as we normally do in January but let me make a couple of those comments so that because they kind of bit choppy in a way all the questions came out/ the first of which is you know if we were fast forwarding to the FX environment that we are in at this moment time sure that would be a headwind we're going to have some positives which is synergies will continue to ramp up we're going revenue synergies starting to flow and we'll be returning to capital deployment. The way that we will always judge the company is when we're sitting across with any of the member of the investment community are we managing the company extremely well and what ever the environment is and if we can answer that question and the investor would say yes you're managing the company extremely well, then thats really going to be the output of the financial goals we have for the year. So I feel like we'll get into all the details of it and we'll use the best information we have back in January to articulate that. From the perspective on the quarter that we just finished, you know, we have to be delivered strong quarter it puts us in excellent position to achieve the goals that we had set out for the year and we're excited about doing that and setting ourselves up for strong 2015 an of course thank you for all the support at Thermo Fisher and we look forward to coming back to you at the beginning of the year and reporting on our progress.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth Apicerno - Vice President of Investor Relations Marc Casper - Chief Executive Officer, President Peter Wilver - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ross Muken - ISI Group Jon Groberg - Macquarie Capital Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tycho Peterson  JPMorgan Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs  Paul Knight - Janney Capital Dan Arias - Citi Jeff Elliott - Robert W. Baird Tim Evans - Wells Fargo Securities Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2014 second quarter earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth Apicerno: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Pete Wilver, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts & Presentations, until August 22, 2014. A copy of the press release of our 2014 second quarter earnings and future expectations is available on our website under the heading Financial Results. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 29, 2014, under the caption, Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and also available in the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during this call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our second quarter 2014 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So before we get started, one other item to note is that the commentary we provide on todays call regarding the companys total revenue growth and revenue growth by end market and geography are on an organic basis only, and therefore do not include the performance of Life Technologies. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Ken, thanks and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on todays Q2 call. I am very pleased to report that we had an excellent quarter with strong performance on both the top and bottom line. Our teams executed very well and we are seeing the results of our growth strategy. And we continue to build on our industry leadership with investments in technology innovation and global capabilities.  We have a lot of great news to cover this morning but Ill start by reminding you that our primary financial objective is to consistently deliver strong adjusted EPS growth. And by that measure we had an outstanding Q2. Our strong revenue performance, our culture of constantly driving productivity and great execution on the Life Technologies integration extended our long track record of EPS growth.  With a solid first half behind us, we are in excellent position to deliver on our growth goals for the year. So let me turn to our Q2 financial results, then discuss our performance in the context of our end markets and geographies. Ill hit some of the business highlights and then wrap up with our guidance.  I want to remind you that Q2 is the first full quarter, including Life Technologies, which is reported in our Life Sciences Solutions segment. As you saw in our press release, our total revenue for the quarter grew 33% year over year. Adjusted operating income was $924 million in the quarter and we expanded our adjusted operating margin by 210 basis points to 21.4%.  As I said, we had very strong performance on the bottom line, delivering adjusted EPS of $1.72, which was a 30% increase over last year. I am really pleased with how our teams executed in the quarter, leveraging our PPI business system to translate our strong revenue performance into outstanding earnings growth. So it was an excellent quarter overall and contributed to our first half that played out better than we expected.  Let me take a couple of minutes to give you my perspective on our performance in the context of our four key end markets. Ill start by saying that our growth outlook for the full-year has improved slightly and that's because our performance in pharma and biotech in the first half of the year was a bit stronger than we expected. Aside from that, in aggregate we didnt see any significant changes in our other end markets that would alter our view for the balance of the year. So starting with pharma and biotech. As I mentioned, the end market continues to be a terrific story. Our teams are performing very well. Theyre doing a great job of delivering our customer value proposition and this resulted in another quarter of high single-digit growth. We saw strength in the quarter in pharma and biotech across our analytical instruments, lab equipment and consumables and our biopharma services business also continues to perform very well.  In the academic and government end market, we saw improvement in Q2 with growth in the low single digits. We said last quarter that we thought funds would begin to flow in the U.S. under the new appropriations. And that seems to be playing out. Stronger results in North America during the quarter were offset partially by weakness in China which Ill discuss in a minute.  In industrial and applied, we delivered low single digit growth again this quarter and haven't really seen any meaningful changes here since the beginning of the year.  Last, in diagnostics and healthcare, we performed very well growing in the mid-single digits in Q2. Strength in the U.S. drove our results here and sales of our immunodiagnostics and transplant diagnostic products remained strong. So a great Q2 offset a slower Q1 resulting in a first half that was generally in line with our original expectations in this end market.  To sum up our performance overall, stronger results in pharma and biotech led to a first half that played out a bit better than we expected. As a result, weve slightly increased our growth outlook for the full-year.  Before I move on to the business highlights, let me make a few brief remarks about our results in key geographies. First, we performed very well in North America in Q2. As I mentioned in the context of our end markets, its especially nice to see some renewed strength in the U.S.  We also had a very good quarter in Europe with strength in our biopharma services, analytical instruments and immunodiagnostics businesses. As you saw in the press release, were expanding our centers of excellence in Lithuania and Germany to support growth in our molecular biology and mass spectrometry products.  In China, while we had good growth in Q1, revenue performance in Q2 was flat, and this was driven by a slower release of government funds. That said, we remain confident in our growth prospects for China and recorded bookings growth in the high teens in Q2.  So to sum up our performance geographically as you know, China has historically delivered very strong growth. And in spite of the results we saw there in Q2, I am pleased that were able to deliver strong revenue growth for the company overall.  Let me shift now to highlight the great progress were making to strengthen our leadership position, so we can best serve our customers and gain market share. As you know, we have a solid strategy for driving growth. Its based on technology innovation, our unique customer value proposition and our scale in APAC and emerging markets.  It was an excellent quarter in terms of innovation, so Ill focus my remarks there this morning. We had a number of new products that demonstrate our ongoing commitment to technology innovation. As you know, the American Society for Mass Spectrometry Conference or ASMS is always an important forum for Thermal Fisher. It's an opportunity to showcase our industry leadership and we took full advantage of that again this year.  At the show, we launched two significant new instruments, complementary software packages and new consumables that improved sample preparation. Ill start with the Q Exactive HF which was named ASMS product of the show by the industry publication Industry Business Outlook. The Q Exactive HF is an LC-MS system that builds on our highly successful Q Exactive platform by incorporating an ultra-high field Orbitrap massive analyser. It dramatically increases performance for research customers who continue to push for greater analytical speed and sensitivity to accelerate the results. The Q Exactive HF is especially suited to life-sciences applications such as protein identification and reinforces our leadership in Proteomics.  Application-specific software is critical to extending the use of mass spec and creating new market opportunities for us. We made significant inroads with biopharma customers by launching PepFinder 1.0 for Biotherapeutic protein characterization. We also launched Proteome Discoverer 2.0 which provides a wide range of bio-informatics tools and customizable workflows to accelerate protein research.  Let me give you a quick example of a significant milestone recently achieved by our customers at Mass General Hospital & Harvard Medical School because it illustrates the profound impact our thermo scientific technologies are having on protein research.  Using our most advanced mass spectrometry instruments along with our customized reagents, scientists there were able to carry out comprehensive proteome analyses of 32 breast cancer cell lines in just six days. This would have taken up to 10 times longer without the integrated combination of the technologies we provided. According to the researchers, this is the first time that proteome analysis was performed on a scale previously reserved for genomics. Their achievement marks a huge step forward in the scientific community and complements the sequencing of the human genome in 2001.  For customers working in applied markets, we expanded our successful TSQ 8000 triple quad offering by launching the TSQ 8000 Evo at ASMS. The system incorporates the new EvoCell technology to significantly increase productivity for customers analyzing food, environmental, pharmaceutical and forensic samples for complex compounds. It's a great example of us focusing on creating new opportunities in applied markets by giving our customers more sophisticated tools for non-targeted analysis.  I also want to mention that our GlobalFiler PCR amplification kit received approval from the FBI for use in forensics. FBI labs will use GlobalFiler to generate DNA profiles of suspects for national database that will be instrumental to helping solve crimes.  Before I turn to our guidance, let me give you a brief update on the Life Technologies integration. Our teams are making very good progress executing their plans and we're now tracking ahead of our original synergy target for the year. We now expect it to achieve 100 million in synergies 2014, up from the 85 million in synergies we originally anticipated. So were pleased to report that we are achieving the first $100 million at a faster pace and we remain confident in our overall synergy target for year three which we increased from 300 million to 350 million at our analyst meeting back in May.  Turning now to our annual guidance. As you saw on our press release, we revised our revenue guidance and are raising our adjusted EPS guidance. This is based on our solid operating performance in the first half of the year and the increased synergies from the Life Technologies integration.  The new guidance also reflects the estimated impact of the divestiture of our Cole-Parmer business which we announced last week. We expect -- we signed an agreement to sell the specialty channel for $480 million and expect to complete the transaction in Q3.  So in terms of our guidance at this point in the year, we now expect our revenues for 2014 to be in the range of $16.86 billion to $16.98 billion for 29% to 30% revenue growth year-over-year as we previously announced. Were raising our adjusted EPS guidance to a new range of $6.85 to $6.97 which now results in 26% to 29% growth over 2013.  So before I turn the call over to Pete, let me leave you with a few takeaways. First, it was an excellent quarter for us financially across-the-board, with strong performance in revenues, margins, adjusted EPS and cash flow. Its been a very strong year so far on the innovation front, and we look forward to more significant new product launches to come in the second half.  The Life Technologies integration is going very well and we increased our 2014 synergy expectations. So at this point in the year, were on track to deliver a strong 2014.  With that, Ill now hand the call over to Peter Wilver, our CFO. Pete?
Peter Wilver: Thanks, Marc. Good morning everyone. As you can see from our results, we had a strong second quarter and delivered a solid first half.  Let me begin with an overview of our Q2 financial performance for the total company, then provide some color on our four segments and conclude with our updated 2014 guidance.  As a reminder, at the total company level, were reporting organic revenue growth using our standard methodology. That means we will exclude the results of Life Technologies until we reach the one year anniversary date of the acquisition. However for the new life sciences solution segment, which consists primarily of the Life Technologies businesses and our remaining biosciences businesses, we are providing organic revenue growth on a pro forma basis, as if we had owned Life Technologies for all of 2013 and 2014, to give you some insight into the growth performance for that segment.  So starting with our overall financial performance. We delivered strong earnings growth resulting in a 30% increase in adjusted EPS to $1.72. GAAP EPS was $0.69 in Q2, down 9% from $0.76 in the prior year, primarily as a result of higher non-cash cost of sales charges related to the acquisition accounting. Looking at the top line. We delivered 5% organic revenue growth this quarter and total revenue increased 33% year-over-year. Q2 reported revenue includes 27 points of growth from acquisitions net of divestitures and a 1% positive impact from foreign exchange. We once again strengthened our backlog in the quarter with bookings exceeding revenue by 1%.  By geography, both North America and Europe grew in the mid single digits. As Marc mentioned, China was flat year-over-year resulting in Asia Pacific growth in the low single digits. Our China bookings performance in the quarter was much stronger than revenue and was up in the high teens. As a result, were confident that revenue growth in China will be much stronger in the second half resulting in high single-digit growth for the full-year. Rest of world declined in the low single digits.  Looking at our operational performance. Q2 adjusted operating income increased 48% and adjusted operating margin was 21.4%, up 210 basis points from Q2 last year. Our adjusted operating margin expansion for the quarter was driven primarily by the Life Technologies acquisition which as you know has a higher overall margin rate compared to standalone Thermo Fisher.  However we also continue to see strong contribution from our primary productivity levers: global sourcing, site consolidations and our PPI business system. And for the first time in quite a while, we saw expansion from FX compared to the dilution we've been experiencing for the past couple of years.  We realized $23 million of synergy benefits in Q2 and $40 million through the first half. As Marc mentioned, we now expect to achieve $100 million of cost synergies for the full-year 2014, up from the $85 million we previously communicated. This is being driven primarily by accelerating corporate and functional cost reductions as well as modestly increased sourcing savings.  Our growth initiatives remain on track and we continue to make strategic investments primarily to strengthen our core technology platforms and commercial capabilities to continue our growth momentum.  Moving on to the details of the P&L. Total company adjusted gross margin came in at 49.0% in Q2, up 480 basis points from the prior year. This was primarily due to the Life Technologies acquisition along with solid productivity across our businesses.  Adjusted SG&A in Q2 was 23.4% of revenue, 140 basis points unfavorable to the 2013 quarter. Again this was primarily a result of the acquisition and was partially offset by volume leverage in our productivity actions.  Finally, R&D expense came in at 4.3% of revenue for the quarter, 130 basis points above the prior year. This reflects the relatively higher level of investment in R&D and life-sciences solution segment. R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue in Q2 was 6.6%.  Looking at our results below the line. Net interest expense in Q2 was $113 million, up $56 million from last year driven primarily by the deb we raised to fund the Life Technologies acquisition. Adjusted other income for Q2 was $1 million, about the same level as last year.  Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 14.3%, 130 basis points below last year primarily as a result of our acquisition tax planning. Our year-to-date tax rate was 15.1% in line with our full-year outlook of 14.5% to 15.5%.  In terms of returning capital, we paid out $60 million in dividends to our shareholders in the quarter. Average diluted shares were 403.1 million in Q2, up 39.6 million or 11% from last year primarily as a result of the shares we issued to partially fund the Life Technologies acquisition, and to a much lesser degree option dilution.  Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Cash flow from continuing operations for the first half of the year was a very strong $992 million and free cash flow was $824 million after deducting $167 million of net capital expenditures. This is up significantly from our prior year free cash flow of $650 million primarily as a result of our increased operating earnings from the acquisition, partially offset by higher acquisition related interest expense and cash payments tied to the acquisition and related divestitures which I highlighted on last quarter's call.  We ended the quarter with $600 million in cash and investments, down $900 million sequentially from Q1, as we used surplus cash on balance sheet as well as cash generated in the quarter to pay down short-term debt in Q2. As a result, our total debt at the end of Q2 was $15.6 billion, down $1.8 billion from Q1.  Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 4.6 times total debt to adjusted EBITDA and we remain on track to achieve our target leverage ratio of 2.5 to 3 times in Q3 of 2015.  So let me wrap up my comments on the total company with a quick update on our performance in terms of return on invested capital. Our trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC in the second quarter of 2014 was 9.3%, down 20 basis points from Q1 as expected, driven by the addition of another quarter of the Life Technologies investment  of adding another quarter of the Life technologies investment into the average invested capital base used in the calculation. This was partially offset by higher returns generated in the rest of the business.  So with that, now Ill walk you through the performance of our four business segments. Starting with the life sciences solution segment, in Q2 total revenue grew significantly to $1.10 billion from $181 million in the prior year, primarily as a result of the Life Technologies acquisition net of divestitures.  On a pro forma basis, assuming Life technologies was owned for the entire quarter in both periods, organic revenue grew 3%. In the quarter we continued to see strong growth in our bioproduction business as well as in cell biology and next-generation sequencing, which was partially offset by lower royalties.  Q2 adjusted operating income for life sciences solution also increased significantly, primarily as a result of the acquisition with adjusted operating margin up 310 basis points to 27.1%.  In the analytical instruments segment, Q2 total revenue grew 4% and organic revenue grew 3%. In the quarter we had very strong growth in our life sciences mass spec and instruments services businesses which was partially offset by the weakness in China that Marc mentioned.  Q2 adjusted operating income in analytical instruments increase 4% and adjusted operating margin was 16.4%, down 10 basis points. We delivered very strong productivity and saw a positive contribution from FX that was more than offset by unfavorable business mix and strategic growth investments.  Turning to the specialty diagnostic segment, in Q2 total revenue grew 8% and organic growth was a very strong at 6%. As Marc said, we saw better market conditions in the U.S. versus the slow first quarter. We continued to deliver strong growth in our transplant diagnostics and immunodiagnostics businesses and our healthcare market channel had a very strong quarter as well.  Adjusted operating income in the segment increased 9% in Q2 and adjusted operating margin was 27.6%, up 30 basis points from the prior year. In the segment, we had nice pull-through on the organic growth and strong productivity which funded strategic growth investments.  In the laboratory products and services segment, Q2 reported revenue grew 7% and organic revenue grew a robust 6%. Our biopharma services business continued to deliver very strong growth and we saw a broad-based strength across the rest of the business. This segment benefited from our strong performance in the biopharma end market as well as the pickup in our US academic and government end market.  Adjusted operating income in laboratory products and services grew 8% for the quarter and adjusted operating margin was 15.2%, up 20 basis points driven by strong productivity and volume pull-through.  So with that, Id like to review the details of our full-year 2014 guidance. As you saw in our press release, were updating our guidance for our strong performance in the first half and to reflect the divestiture of our Cole Parmer business which we announced last week.  On the top line, were tightening the range by 40 million resulting in a midpoint that's unchanged. This leads to a new full-year 2014 revenue guidance range of $16.86 billion to $16.98 billion which represents year-over-year growth of 29% to 30% consistent with our previous guidance. To bridge the pluses and minuses to the midpoint of our guidance, we added $80 million in volume, about 45 million of which was organic and another 10 million as a result of more favorable FX rates on the Thermo Fisher stand-alone businesses. These increases were fully offset by a $90 million decrease as a result of the Cole Parmer divestiture assuming a mid Q3 close date.  On an organic basis, were still expecting standalone organic growth for full-year 2014 of 3% to 4% consistent with our previous guidance although we now expect to be somewhat higher in the range. As I mentioned earlier, this measure of organic growth does not include results of Life Technologies.  For the life sciences solutions segment, we still expect pro forma organic growth of 2% to 3% for the full-year 2014, also consistent with our previous guidance and slightly higher in the range.  In terms of FX, assuming recent rates, the year-over-year foreign-currency impact on our revenue remains slightly positive at about half a percent. In terms of margin pull-through on the FX revenue impact, were expecting a slight improvement versus our previous guidance primarily as a result of our favorable Q2 results.  The Life technologies acquisition net of divestitures is expected to contribute about 26 percentage points of our total revenue growth in 2014, unchanged from our previous guidance. And consistent with past practice, we haven't attempted to forecast future foreign currency exchange rates and our guidance does not include any future acquisitions or divestitures other than the Cole Parmer divestiture.  Moving to adjusted EPS, were raising both the low and high end of the range in line with the change in revenue as well as increased contribution from acquisition synergies. This leads to a new full-year 2014 adjusted EPS guidance range of $6.85 to $6.97 which now represents growth of 26% to 29% over our 2013 EPS of $5.42. To bridge the $0.04 increase in the adjusted EPS from the midpoint of our previous guidance, the acquisition including synergies is up about $0.04 and performance in standalone Thermo Fisher added about $0.03. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of $0.03 related to the pending Cole Parmer divestiture, again assuming a mid Q3 close.  Turning to adjusted operating margin, were increasing low end and tightening the range by 10 basis points. This results in a revised guidance of 21.8% to 22% of adjusted operating margin and 230 to 250 basis points of expansion year-over-year.  As I mentioned earlier, were also increasing the synergy benefits we expect to realize in 2014 to 100 million, up 15 million from our previous guidance. The increase in 2014 is driven by realizing some synergies a bit earlier than we had originally planned and therefore does not change the 350 million of total expected synergies by year three that we outlined at our analyst meeting.  Moving below the line, were expecting net interest expense to be in the range of 425 million to 435 million, down slightly from our previous guidance as a result of paying down debt more quickly. As I mentioned earlier, were still expecting our adjusted income tax rate to be in the range of 14.5% to 15.5% consistent with our previous guidance.  In terms of capital deployment, were still assuming that we will return approximately 240 million of capital to shareholders this year through dividends. And we are also assuming that in the second half well use the bulk of our free cash flow and the net proceeds from the Cole Parmer divestiture of approximately 340 million to pay down short-term debt.  Full year average diluted shares are estimated to be in the range of 401 million to 404 million, up about 10% from 2013 and down slightly from our previous guidance. Were expecting net capital expenditures to be in the range of 460 million to 480 million, also down slightly from our previous guidance.  And in terms of full-year 2014 free cash flow, were maintaining our previous guidance of about 2.2 billion and we expect that our year-end leverage will be slightly lower as a result of using the net proceeds from the Cole Parmer divestiture to pay down debt.  However we do have a headwind versus our previous guidance of over 150 million related to the Cole Parmer divestiture as a result of lost earnings and the cash taxes we expect to pay on the taxable gain. So well need to perform very well in the second half to achieve this forecast.  One final note on guidance. We recognize that its still challenging to model the newly combined company. So I thought itd be helpful to give you some insight into what were expecting for Q3.  In terms of revenue, were expecting Q3 to represent about 25% of our full-year revenue guidance midpoint. And in terms of adjusted EPS, were expecting Q3 to be in the range of $1.65 to $1.70. As always, in interpreting our full-year revenue and adjusted EPS guidance ranges, you should focus on the midpoint as theyre most likely view of how we see the year playing out. Results above or below the midpoint will depend on the relative strength of our markets during the balance of the year.  In summary, we delivered a very strong quarter which positions us well to achieve our financial goals for the year.  With that, Ill turn it back over to Ken.
Kenneth Apicerno: Thanks, Pete. Were ready to open it up for Q&A. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question is from the line of Ross Muken from ISI Group.
Ross Muken - ISI Group: So I wanted to start maybe a little bit of reflection on sort of the sequential shift in the business. So obviously this quarter turned out a lot better than last quarter and sort of I am sure on your mind as well as sort of investors, as you look at the key changes sequentially and how sort of the business performed, what it means for what actually happened in Q1, could you walk through maybe the two or three key things we should focus on, it seems like China is probably one of them, of what changed sequentially and is it seemed more like 1Q was really now a weather phenomenon versus anything performance wise in the business?
Marc Casper: So Ross, thanks for the question. The first one I would think about is we look at the half in total, right? and say if you look at the half we feel like we are right on track from our original expectations in terms of end markets, actually slightly better and obviously weve been raising our earnings outlook consistently throughout the year since our original guidance in January. So we feel things are playing out well. From Q1 obviously there were some headwinds that made it for a softer quarter, I thought generally the company performed well but obviously between weather and some other things, we had [ph] little lower organic growth than the target for the full year. Obviously when we look at Q2, were ahead, in a strong quarter it averages out okay.  When you think about it sequentially between the two quarters, healthcare and diagnostics was much stronger in the quarter and we were able to maintain excellent momentum in pharma and biotech. So those are the two things sequentially worth noting when you think about it from the end market perspective. Its nice to see actually academic and government growing again, still low single digits but that was good. From a geographic perspective, when you think about, when healthcare and diagnostics is doing well and certainly with some growth in academic and government, the US performed much better. So thats the positive. The challenge was China, in terms of flat growth in the quarter. And when I look at that especially given that China has been a significant growth driver for the company for us to deliver 5% organic, with the flat China it says how well the company is performing. And within China, we still feel good about the outlook, obviously high teens bookings growth is encouraging and should lead to a stronger second half in China than what we had in the first half.
Ross Muken - ISI Group: I guess maybe just if I could dig a little bit deeper on sort of China. I mean I think youre over there not too long ago. I mean if you think about the different moving parts whether it's the performances, sort of the multinational given as some of the corruption crackdown or sort of the government trying to kind of control the pacing of spend in certain regions or the pocketbook of some of the different outer regions. As you think about the sort of disconnect between raids [ph] and bookings, and you think about the pacing and whats likely to be the next thing to focus on there, what are you  how do you see those various moving parts basically kind of translating back into superior growth to what we've seen in the last quarter or two?
Marc Casper: Sure. So when you look at the quarter, clearly the release of government funds was very muted relative to quite a period of time. An example of what's causing that would be very well-publicized changes in how the food safety administration is being organized, right, so an important buyer of analytical instruments in particular is going through a reorganization, right. So that's an example that clearly slowed things down. The team, as they were seeing those changes, actually focused where funds were more elusive, if you will and thats why the bookings growth is so strong. Basically they put their focus on other parts of the market segment which is exactly what I would expect the commercial team to do. So that gives us the confidence that the second half would have stronger growth than the first half.  I am heading off to China in a few weeks times, it's a very important market for the company and we have a great position there. So the changes that we are feeling right now I don't think have any long-term effect on the business and were very confident about not only the second half but also the long-term prospects here. Its how I would think about it, Ross. 
Ross Muken - ISI Group: Great, thanks and Marc, jets playoffs? No playoffs.
Marc Casper: Playoffs, of course, I am always bullish. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jon Groberg from Macquarie. 
Jon Groberg - Macquarie Capital: I guess if you think of -- Marc, if you think about  you talked about the different end markets and geographies but I guess I have heard it from a few people, few others recently this idea that given all the investment in genomics so that youre starting to see potentially kind of equal types of investments on the genomics or the proteomics side from mass spec. And I guess -- my question is, just as you look out there what are you  I guess what opportunities do you see, this incremental spend in R&D, this growth  these investments in R&D and then in SG&A, where are you making those  I guess what do you expect to see  expect the growth drivers to be over the next 6 to 12 months here?
Marc Casper: So, Jon, thanks for the question. So let's start with proteomics first which is our mass spec business is doing great. We have excellent momentum in terms of the actual results in the first half of the year, results in the second quarter, bookings outlook, I went to ASMS, I saw a few of you there, fabulous conference for Thermo Fisher. That's obviously the expectation we set every year but its nice to actually deliver on it year in and year out and we are dominating that field and doing a great job. And when you have organizations like Harvard Medical School and Mass General using the instrumentation to do totally new types of research, that's opening up more high-end opportunities which is great, but were also seeing strength in some of the more applications driven opportunities as well, kind of your environmental food safety, routine pharmaceutical work and thats why we have some new applied instruments as well.  There is clearly lots of interest in on the genomics side as well and we had a good quarter in terms of growth in our next-gen sequencing business. So I feel good about that opportunity. So things that were focusing on obviously is innovation, big emphasis on next gen, big emphasis on life sciences mass spec, chromatography, were very excited about. Asia-Pacific, very important to us, in or value proposition, thats whats going to drive our growth for the foreseeable future. 
Jon Groberg - Macquarie Capital: Okay, and if I could just follow up on thinking about the portfolio little bit. Can you maybe talk about your rationale for divesting Cole Parmer? I mean it seems to be a third party distributor, kind of like some of your other channels, and are there other things that you're looking out there from a divestiture standpoint that you can share? Thanks.
Marc Casper: Yes, so, Jon, so two big questions there. So first in terms of we have other divestitures in the queue, the answer is no. Nothing, nothing planned and certainly nothing materially there, so in terms of why the divestiture of Cole Parmer. Its one business that actually  I dont think weve really ever talked about in the many years but it's a niche specialty channel. It was purchased by Fisher Scientific when the company was purely a channel business. We ran it separately from the other channels because there was less opportunity to sell. Our Thermo Scientific self-manufactured products through the channel and we felt like it was appropriate timeframe to sell that particular business because of the really separate from our channel business, separate from our self-manufacturing business and thought that selling it made the most sense. And were going to use the proceeds, as Pete said, to repay debt more quickly. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Derik de Bruin from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So Marc, can you go  I am a little bit surprised, I am pleasantly surprised by the 6% growth in the LPS business which I haven't seen numbers like that for a while. Can you give us a little bit more color on the segments, what lab products, biopharma and the research and specialty market channels grew, I know you dont usually give that color of detail, I just wonder just qualitative on this, I am just curious in terms of where the strength was?
Marc Casper: Very strong quarter, biopharma service is a great business, its been doing great for a long period of time, continues to do well. So thats no change in the trend. Pharmaceutical companies continue to outsource that activity to us, were the low-cost provider, the high-quality provider, so its a terrific business. Our channel business had a good quarter, our lab consumables business had a good quarter, our lab equipment business had a good quarter. So each of the components of lab products and services did well.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And just I will have one follow up. Ive had some questions lately from people asking about alternative lab channels, things in the catalog business, particularly like Amazon some of these things. I mean have you seen any impact at all from some of these other venues trying to the muscle in on the catalog business?
Marc Casper: No, we haven't seen any impact. We obviously take all competitors very seriously and I think Alan Malus did a really nice job with the analyst meeting articulating how were leveraging the added strength in our e-business approach that Life technologies brought to the company to make it even better channel to market. So  but we take all competition seriously and  but we havent seen any effect there. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson  JPMorgan: Given the momentum coming out of the quarter, I am wondering if you could talk a little bit about some of the expectations in the back half of the year in particular on pharma. You talked about some momentum in biopharma services, previously you talked about a little bit of an anticipated slowdown in that business. So can you maybe talk about whats baked in the guidance for pharma? And then also can you quantify what you're expecting in China in the back half of the year, you talked about it rebound to double digits previously so?
Marc Casper: So Tycho, starting with the back half of the year for pharma and biotech, our comparisons get more challenging, so were assuming mid single digit growth in the back half of the year. That would lead in aggregate for the full year for pharma and biotech for us to be mid to high single-digit growth. And if you recall back to our January guidance we assumed mid single-digit growth. So little bit better outlook for that segment, or that customer set in total.  In terms of China, were assuming high single-digit growth for the full year. We had mid-single digit growth in the first half of year, so thats implying a stronger second half of the year based on the strong bookings performance we just delivered. 
Tycho Peterson  JPMorgan: Okay and then on your comments earlier on proteomics, post the ASMS, you announced the [indiscernible] system, can you talk a little bit about your strategy on the chromatography side, are you making a bigger push here, on particularly around UPLC?
Marc Casper: So Tycho, in terms of  after the quarter closed, we launched our next generation UHPLC, I will save the detailed victory lap for our October remarks, but I will give you a little bit of a highlight. So we acquired Dionex a few years ago, the business has done well for us. We took the R&D teams from legacy Dionex and Thermo Fisher and we really have brought out a fabulous new UHPLC which we launched around July 15 and we think it's a very meaningful product launch and its going after a large market where we have a presence but were not the industry leader and were targeted at gaining some market share there.
Tycho Peterson  JPMorgan: And then one last one, you talked about potentially looking at some bolt-ons before 3Q 15, when youre going to start to more fully utilize capital fund, just any thoughts on the tuck-in environment right now?
Marc Casper: Theres certainly some things out there but nothing significant and  there is some activity level, youve seen some things announced in the marketplace and we did a small food and animal health deal last quarter, very small and -- but it's not super active right now is the way I would characterize it. And again as I said in the past that if something looked exciting and compelling and create a shareholder value, we would consider it.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Doug Schenkel from Cowen & Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: So actually maybe building off of that last question, youd previously talked about getting down to 2.5, 3 times debt to EBITDA by Q3, you reiterated that this morning. But when you look at the Cole Parmer divestiture, synergy is tracking ahead of plan and looking at this quarter where you had a really strong cash flow performance and paid down debt at a pretty good good cliff. It does seem at least mathematically increasingly possible that you get to closer to 3 times in the first half maybe in the  maybe even in the first quarter with a couple other  couple more strong quarters. Would you agree? And if so, at what point would you declare that you can actually confidently do a little bit better than previous guidance?
Peter Wilver: So I will take that one. So when you look at the forecast certainly adding 340 million of proceeds net from the Cole Parmer divestiture gets us earlier in Q3 but it doesn't necessarily pull us into the first half. Seasonally first quarter cash flow is generally weak, obviously it was very weak this year but we don't expect that next year. So when you look at first half versus second half free cash flow, it doesnt necessarily flow pro rata. I would say were down to early in Q3 at this point. But were not into the first quarter anything like that. 
Marc Casper: Obviously were driving our cash flow hard, were focused on debt repayment. This company is focused on creating shareholder value. If we can get there sooner, we well but just as we modeled it out right now we think Q3 is a reasonable assumption.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Maybe I can just ask another China question. So if we think back to Q1 earnings season, you really only had about two or three companies across the group talked of challenges in China related to the delayed release of government funds. Thermo wasnt one of them, as I remember that. And then over the course of the quarter, if anything I kind of got the sense that you guys downplayed this dynamic and it seems like maybe something at the end of the quarter just didnt come in the way that you expected. So I just want to get your take on that, really specifically, when did you start to see this slowdown, how broad is it across the different segments? And you did reference the high teens bookings in China and clearly your guidance as you talked about assumes that these bookings come through in the second half as you talked about high single-digit growth for the year. But if anything it seems like you didnt bump up Q3 guidance at least relative to how the Street has been modeling things. So its not necessarily clear that you assume thats come through in some bullish in Q3, maybe more Q4 than Q3, is that the case? Really the questions are when did you see a slowdown, how broadly is this impacting you by segment in China, and do you have a lot of visibility on when this comes through in the second half?
Marc Casper: Its a good question. So lot too, I guess so I would say it is very straightforward, some of the bookings that we had in Q2 shipped in Q3, some shipped in Q4. So it's not as if you get everything over the next [ph] quarter, some of them are the longer lead time items. So its a balance between the two quarters. So the strong bookings growth helped the second half of the year, it doesnt particular favour Q3 versus Q4. When you think about the view on the quarter, we didnt really talk much to my recollection about China other than on the earnings call, at the analyst meeting, you talked really just about the long-term, talked about the five year outlook for China, I dont recall talked much about it in the quarter one way or the other. We didn't see in the second and third months, obviously we had the first two weeks of benefit which seemed okay when we started the quarter. But when we did our call, but after that it wasnt particularly strong throughout the quarter. So it wasnt as if we had something happened at the end of the quarter per se, its just government was slow in releasing funds, and that was  food safety is the biggest driver but there has been a skittishness on government spending or release of funds fairly broad-based across the economy. And I think thats actually been extraordinarily well publicized in terms of some of the things going on there.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs : Marc, could you maybe talk a little bit about Europe, thats probably one region that hasnt got a lot of attention here. I am curious about the performance you saw and then maybe outlook for the back half of the year?
Marc Casper: So Europe had a very strong quarter, feel so good about the performance broad-based, biopharma services did well, our instruments businesses did good well. There is excitement around the horizon 2020 funding. It's actually things are continuing to improve, so that's good. For the full-year were expecting the growth to be in the range of the company average and so slightly better than our original assumption. So if you think about it geographically, Isaac, the US and Europe outlook for the full year is slightly better than our original thoughts, and obviously China a little bit weaker but the net of it from geographically it was obviously still a little stronger in aggregate.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs : And just a follow up on the guidance assumptions, if we look at the guidance you gave us for 3Q revenue, it does imply a pretty solid fourth quarter growth rate again this year. If you could give us a little bit of color as to what gives you confidence that you can do, it looks like to me that you had something like 4% organic on a 6% comp?
Peter Wilver: No, its actually pretty, pretty balanced in terms of the stack comp. So there's deceleration assumed in Q4 organic growth from Q3. 
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs : The deceleration sequentially?
Peter Wilver: Sequentially from Q3 to Q4, yeah.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Knight from Janney Capital Markets.
Paul Knight - Janney Capital: Hi Marc, some customers have been saying the Ion PGM assays, there are some new development, more products they are seeing. Are you accelerating new product that -- with the Ion PGM or is it kind of the same pace in the past?
Marc Casper: So Paul, thanks for the question. So in terms of next gen sequencing, there is a lot of buzz around the PGM these days because there is work in the clinical trials area for oncology using the platform for matching patients to the right drug for various cancer types. So thats kind of a lot of buzz, when I was at the American Society of Clinical Oncology in June, that was clearly a lot of  actually that was the most important buzz in that particular conference, around anything in next gen sequencing because thats really where the clinical application is. So yes, there is products being developed and launched and a lot of good feedback on that product line.
Paul Knight - Janney Capital: And then service business does seem to have been slower than other parts of Thermo Fisher, any color there?
Marc Casper: Pete will hit that a little bit.
Peter Wilver: Yeah, we actually had a pretty strong growth in services certainly in the quarter. As I mentioned in analytical instruments, we had as one of the first times youve actually called out our service business in that segment. So we had very strong growth there. So it was actually on the strong side. 
Paul Knight - Janney Capital: Analytical did have a good quarter versus the last four, five, six, is this the economic cycle were seeing in analytical or academic, do you have any thoughts there, Pete or Marc?
Marc Casper: Yes, so when you look at the growth in the quarter, all the China government release of funds is most felt in our instrument business because we have very very strong position there. Its a high percentage of that business total revenue mix. So while the growth was pretty good, it was a little bit less than the full-year target, really its driven by whats going on in China. The enterprise services business which is also part of that segment did very well, so thats obviously encouraging. And there is -- a question was asked earlier, we just launched a new UHPLC product line after the quarter end, which also will help us in the second half.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dan Arias from Citi.
Dan Arias - Citi: If I could just go back to China funding one more time, on the environmental monitoring business, can you just make a quick comment on where we are in terms of tapping into the money that's being devoted to air quality? I think were coming up on a year since the government announced the big investment in that area. So with the idea of going where the funds are flowing, how open has the spigot been there and just knowing that thats been one of your stronger applications?
Marc Casper: Were focusing on tier 3 and tier 4 cities now in installing the air monitoring network in the country. So its well into implementation. So we did two years ago kind of tier 1, last year kind of tier 2 cities and now we are into the broad market. EPM, the environmental processing business grew in the quarter, so that was encouraging. And I would say that amazingly how time flies, soon we will be getting into the servicing aspect of those instruments and kind of the recurring stream of revenue which will be exciting as well. 
Dan Arias - Citi: Maybe just a hypothetical on op expenses in the context, Marc, of your comment on proteomics and genomics. If the stronger top line did allow you to invest a little bit more in incremental R&D, which of the businesses do you think you'd be more apt to allocate to?
Marc Casper: So right now we did invest a little bit of additional funds based on our strong performance and are allocating some additional funds for the second half of the year. We want to make sure that in our life-sciences solution segment that we have very good growth prospects for the mid to long-term. So the 3% growth that we set as our target, was actually stepped from where the business was performing, I am very pleased with the 3% in the quarter, but were making some investments to soar up that area of the business and then of course in other parts of the company like chrom and mass spec were making investments to capitalize on those opportunities as well.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Elliott from Robert W. Baird.
Jeff Elliott - Robert W. Baird: Marc, can you give a little more color on what you're seeing in the rest of world area? 
Marc Casper: Yeah in terms of rest of world, a softer quarter, it's a very very lumpy business because there are substantial tenders primarily in the mining sector, interestingly enough it was very big in parts of South America that drive that. So a little bit of a softer quarter but expect it to be for the full-year kind of in the mid to high single-digit growth range. Brazil was soft in the quarter but generally we feel like the outlook is good for the full-year. 
Jeff Elliott - Robert W. Baird: Got it. And Pete, looking at the life sciences business, could you care to guess what the pro forma op margin performance would have been had you owned that business both years? 
Peter Wilver: To be honest with you, we haven't calculated that number. I mean obviously a significant portion of the year-over-year increase is a result of the just adding the number in, but as I said we picked up in the quarter $23 million of acquisition synergies which is actions that we've taken as a business and the life-sciences solutions segment does productivity and sourcing and restructuring and all those things just the same way as the rest of the business does. So they are driving productivity in addition to just the addition of the Life Technologies numbers. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tim Evans from Wells Fargo. 
Tim Evans - Wells Fargo Securities: Just wanted to dig into the biopharma services business a little bit. Do you have any thoughts on what the penetration rate in this service area would be? Just trying to get a sense for what inning we might be in of this pretty substantial growth phase for that business.
Marc Casper: The business -- it's hard to define the exact penetration rate because the customer base is actually -- is expanding the definition of what were doing with them which is interesting. I mean part of it is we continue to add service lines but weve had customers say you do this so well, we like you to do syringe work with us, where we might have been doing other types of outsourcing works. So the market keeps expanding but when we just did our strategic plan review which is a five your outlook for that business, growth prospects look fabulous. So I dont know what my baseball analogy is but we are using football as were almost at training camp time is probably the end of the first quarter with three quarters to go. 
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research : Just wondering if you could clarify a couple of things for me as it relates to the guidance? Just looking through things it looks like your interest expense for the year has come down a little bit, your share count's come down a little bit, FX is a little bit better than expected. You mentioned that there is maybe a $0.04 benefit from acquisitions relative to what you were thinking before. I understand the Cole-Parmer divestiture impact, but I'm just wondering, with only raising the high end of the guidance by $0.02, is there a little bit of extra conservatism built into the guidance now? 
Peter Wilver: No, I would say there's less conservatism built in than there was before. When you look at it were raising the midpoint by $0.04 and then we have $0.03 from the Cole Parmer divestiture, so thats $0.07, if you look at kind of the actual versus consensus in Q2 about $0.02 of that was tax rate which doesn't affect the full-year. So you get pretty close to the $0.10 being added in to the full-year. So that reflects our good performance in Q2, and are basically carrying through that performance into the full year. 
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research : And then just the final thing is on China, what gives you the confidence or what could prevent the business in China not being delayed for another quarter or for another six months? Do you have confidence that as that business starts to come back here in the third quarter? 
Marc Casper: The team is very experienced with a great track record. In the quarter that we had, we didnt have cancellations, in that sort, so usually when bookings happen they ship. I mean so from that perspective, we have high confidence that the business is going to perform. It is a centrally controlled economies, so if the government wants to do something different anything is possible but that wouldnt be available a Thermo Fisher specific thing, that will be a major macroeconomic factor which no one is predicting. So I would say we feel good about the outlook in China, Steve.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research : Okay, thanks.
Marc Casper: All right. Let me wrap it up. We had a very strong Q2, it puts us right on track at the halfway point of the year and positions is to achieve a very strong 2014. As always, thanks for your support of Thermo Fisher and we look forward to updating you our progress next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you for joining. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth Apicerno - Vice President of Investor Relations  Marc Casper - Chief Executive Officer, President Peter Wilver - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Jon Groberg - Macquarie Capital Ross Muken - ISI Group Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Tim Evans - Wells Fargo Securities Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Paul Knight - Janney Capital Jeff Elliott - Robert W. Baird Brandon Couillard - Jefferies
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2014 first quarter earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth Apicerno: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Pete Wilver, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts & Presentations, until May 16, 2014. A copy of the press release of our 2014 first quarter earnings and future expectations is also available on our website under the heading Financial Results. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's annual report and 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, under the caption, Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and also available in the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during the call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our first quarter 2013 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. Before we get started, one other item to note is that the commentary we provide on todays call regarding the companys revenue growth by end market and geography is on an end market basis only, and therefore does not include the performance of Life Technologies. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thank you, Ken, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our Q1 call. Im pleased to report that we achieved a number of significant milestones in the first three months of the year, and our performance positions us well to meet our goals for 2014. First, as you all know, we closed on the acquisition of Life Technologies in early February. Ive spent quite a bit of time since then travelling to our new sites in the U.S. and Europe to do business reviews, hold town halls with our new colleagues, and visit our customers.  I continue to be impressed by the caliber of people I meet, the innovative technologies being developed, and the passion the team has for using science to make a real difference in the world. Its also very clear to me that the life science solutions team shares our commitment to unrivaled industry leadership, and thats an important common denominator.  On the topic of integration, Im very pleased to report that our teams are implementing their plans and executing extremely well. We had a number of months to plan the integration so the team would be able to hit the ground running immediately after the close. As you know, we have a great track record of integrating acquisitions and achieving the synergies that we signed up for. Weve targeted $85 million of synergies in 2014 from the Life Technologies transaction and have no doubt that well accomplish that goal.  In late March, we completed the sale of the delayed divestitures that we previously announced to GE, and we received over $1 billion for our cell culture sera and media, gene modulation, and magnetic beads businesses. We were pleased to be able to complete the transaction expeditiously. The proceeds provide us with more cash to pay down our debt, and we still expect to achieve our target leverage during the third quarter of 2015, as we said on our Q4 call.  Last, but very important, our teams remain intensely focused on our customers and they executed very well to deliver solid financial results in Q1. We leveraged our top line growth and focused on controlling costs to once again continue our long trend of delivering outstanding adjusted EPS performance.  Ill now cover the financial highlights, give some commentary on end markets, hit some of the business achievements, and end with our guidance. As you saw in our press release, our results in Q1 include Life Technologies since early February and exclude the divestitures as of late March.  That said, our total revenue for the quarter grew 22% year over year. Adjusted operating income was $830 million in the quarter, and we expanded our adjusted operating margin by 200 basis points to 21.3%. The addition of Life Technologies businesses and our solid operational execution resulted in adjusted EPS performance of $1.53 per share. This was a 12% increase over 2013, and sets us up to deliver another year of consistently strong adjusted EPS growth. As you know, we use our PPI business system to continuously drive margin expansion and significant productivity across our global operations. In a market where were still seeing some muted growth in certain customer segments, this is a key competitive advantage. One quick anecdote on this topic. Our laboratory equipment center of excellence in Ashville, North Carolina was recently recognized as one of the best plants in the U.S. by Industry Week magazine. I visited the plant in March to congratulate the team for the great work theyve done to achieve this distinction.  This was actually the second time one of our factories has won this award. Both plants have aggressively implemented the PPI business system across our operations and both are great examples of the impact that PPI can have. Our PPI business system is already being implemented at our new sites within life science solutions and well begin to see the results, which well highlight for you at our analyst meeting next month. Now, let me give you my perspective on our performance in the context of our four key end markets. Ill start by saying that in aggregate, our outlook for the year hasnt changed. So, beginning with academic and government, this end market started off in Q1 a little softer than what we had experienced over the past year or so, most likely due to some of our U.S. customers working fewer days. Overall, we said last quarter that these customers would probably begin spending money under the new appropriations at around midyear. Our view on that hasnt changed, and we believe this end market will improve in the second half as the funds begin to flow. Turning to diagnostics and healthcare, our performance her was relatively flat overall, reflecting the lower healthcare utilization in the U.S. thats been widely publicized. On the other hand, we had very good growth in our transplant diagnostics and immunodiagnostics businesses. As the year plays out and utilization increases, we expect growth for the full year to be in line with the company average. In industrial and applied, we delivered mid-single digit growth as conditions here continue to improve. You may recall that last quarter we said we believed the industrial market had begun to stabilize. To provide you with a little more color from a product perspective, were pleased with our ongoing strength in chromatography, and we saw a nice pickup during the quarter in our portable analyzer business. Last, in pharma and biotech, we delivered high single-digit growth in the quarter, driven by continued strength in our clinical trials logistics and mass spectrometry businesses. Its clearly that our biopharma customers continue to recognize the benefits of our unique value proposition. So, in summary, as I mentioned at the beginning of my commentary, in aggregate, our outlook for the full year is consistent with our original guidance. Let me now talk about the great progress were making strengthening our company to gain market share. As you know, we have a solid strategy for increasing share gain with our customers to drive growth. Its based on three core elements, technology innovation, our unique customer value proposition, and our scale in Asia Pacific and emerging markets. Weve followed this playbook for a number of years. Its served us well, and the acquisition of Life Technologies further enhances all three elements of our strategy. My point today is that well continue to execute this strategy to best serve our customers and strengthen our position as the unrivaled industry leader. In that context, let me cover some of the business highlights from the quarter. First, we kicked off the year with a lot of new products that strengthened our position as the innovation leader in our industry. Starting with Pittcon, the leading analytical instruments show, our theme this year was around helping customers run their laboratory operations more efficiently, regardless of the industry they were in. Our new[unintelligible] scientific products included instrument software, data management systems, and new additions from molecular spectroscopy and lab product offerings. To highlight two of the new launches, we released another update of our gold standard chromatography data system, Chromeleon 7.2.  This new version allows customers to control their mass spec instruments on a single data platform with gas, ion, and liquid chromatography instruments. We have good momentum in our chromatography and mass spec businesses and this industry leading software package is another step in further strengthening our competitive position. I also want to mention a small but innovative new product, the Virtuoso system for vial identification. This system prints barcodes directly on even the smallest vials to provide a data trail that could prevent the loss of valuable samples. This is a growing problem, and you may have seen the news last week about thousands of vials containing the SARS virus that were lost in a prestigious European research lab. At Analytica, we launched a number of new Thermo Scientific products that can help our laboratory and biotech customers improve productivity. Highlights included a new cell culture surface that better models cancer cell growth to accelerate research. We also introduced new systems for protecting individual samples during long term storage. Separately, we launched the Life Technologies Quantifiler Trio and HP kits for more accurate forensic analysis of highly compromised samples. Q1 also marked the launch of Ion Chef, which is used to automatically prepare DNA samples before theyre loaded into the Ion Torrent gene sequencer. The key advantages of this new product are that it saves time for researchers and also reduces variability during the process to improve results. We shipped a significant number of our units to our customer base in the quarter, and early feedback is very positive. Let me now turn to our customer value proposition and give you an example from the quarter that shows how our increased [unintelligible] capabilities is a real differentiator for Thermo Fisher. We highlighted our expanded offering in bioreduction and bioprocessing at a leading biopharma manufacturing trade show called [unintelligible]. For the first time, our Thermo Scientific and Life Technologies offerings were displayed side by side in the booth. We launched several new single use technologies at the show to strengthen our leading position with this product offering. Customers could also see the embedded capabilities we now have in upstream cell culture applications, downstream [unintelligible], as well as analytics for detecting and quantifying impurities. This combination gives us a strong position with certain biopharma customers who are focused on bringing new biologics and vaccines to the market more quickly and cost effectively.  Ill make a couple of quick comments on Asia Pacific and emerging markets before wrapping up with our guidance. Let me start with China, where we recorded low double-digit growth during the quarter. We continue to have excellent momentum serving healthcare, although this is still a relatively small segment in China today. Our performance here was led by strong demand for a range of products in our specialty diagnostics businesses.  As you know, we continue to increase our presence across high growth regions. We delivered good growth in India, driven by strong sales of our analytical instruments, and the addition of Life Technologies builds on our leading presence across Asia Pacific.  In Southeast Asia, for example, we plan to further leverage the manufacturing infrastructure that we now have in Singapore. Im traveling to Asia shortly, and I look forward to visiting several of our sites and spending time with some of our key customers there.  So, I think this gives you a good sense of all the opportunities we have to drive growth and the great progress were making in the three elements of our strategy. Turning now to our annual guidance, as you saw in our press release, were raising both our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance for the year. The increase primarily reflects the timing of the Life Technologies acquisition and related divestitures. It also reflects a slight improvement in foreign exchange rates versus our assumption at the beginning of the year. Pete will cover the details of our guidance in his remarks, but at a high level, were raising our revenue guidance for 2014 to a new range of $16.84 billion to $17.0 billion for 29% to 30% revenue growth year over year. We are also raising our adjusted EPS guidance to a new range of $6.80 to $6.95, which would result in 25% to 28% adjusted EPS growth over our strong performance in 2013. Before I turn the call over to Pete, let me leave you with a few takeaways. First, we closed our acquisition of Life Technologies to further strengthen our strategic position. We had a very active quarter in terms of technology innovation, with many new product launches, and we continue to build on our scale to take advantage of the growth opportunities in Asia Pacific and emerging markets. We are clearly the unrivaled leader in our industry, and that puts us in an excellent position to continue to gain share. With that, now to you, Pete. 
Peter Wilver: Thanks, Marc. Good morning everyone. Ill begin with an overview of our Q1 financial performance for the total company, then provide some color on each of our four segments and conclude with our updated 2014 guidance. Before I get into the details of our results, as we stated in our press release, our financial results for the quarter include Life Technologies as of February 4 and exclude the related divestitures as of March 22. As I mentioned last quarter, at the total company level, were reporting organic revenue growth using our standard methodology. That means well exclude the results of Life Technologies until we reach the one-year anniversary date of the acquisition. However, for the life sciences solutions segment, which consists primarily of the Life Technologies businesses and our remaining biosciences businesses, were providing organic revenue growth on a pro forma basis as if we had owned Life Technologies for all of 2013 and 2014. Were doing this to give you insight into the growth performance of that segment. So, starting with our overall financial performance, we delivered a solid quarter, resulting in a 12% increase in adjusted EPS to $1.53. GAAP EPS was $1.36 in Q1, up 46% from $0.93 in Q1 2013, primarily as a result of the gain on the divestitures. Starting with the top line, Q1 total revenue increased 22% year over year and we delivered 2% organic growth. Q1 reported revenue includes 20% growth from acquisitions net of divestitures and an immaterial positive impact from foreign exchange. We strengthened our backlog in the quarter with bookings exceeding revenue by 2%. By geography, North America declined organically in the low single digits, Europe grow in the mid-single digits, and Asia Pacific grew in the high single-digits, with China growing low double-digits. The rest of the world grew in the low single digits.  Looking at our operational performance, Q1 adjusted operating income increased 35% and adjusted operating margin was 21.3%, up 200 basis points from Q1 last year. Our adjusted operating margin expansion for the quarter was driven primarily by the addition of Life Technologies, which had a higher overall margin rate compared to standalone Thermo Fisher. However, we also continued to see contribution from our primary productivity levers: global sourcing, site consolidations, and our PPI business system. In total, operating performance for standalone Thermo Fisher contributed about 30 basis points to adjusted operating margin expansion in the quarter. We realized benefits from our restructuring actions of $13 million in Q1 and are on track to achieve about $45 million of benefit for the full year. We also realized synergy benefits of $17 million in Q1, in line with our guidance of $85 million for full year 2014. In terms of supporting our growth initiatives, we continue to make strategic investments, primarily to strengthen our presence in emerging markets and continue our growth momentum in those regions. Moving on to the details of the P&L, total company adjusted gross margin came in at 48.2% in Q1, up 420 basis points from the prior year. This was primarily due to the acquisition, along with solid productivity. Adjusted SG&A in Q1 was 23.1% of revenue, 140 basis points unfavorable to the 2013 quarter, again primarily as a result of the acquisition, partially offset by volume leverage and our productivity actions. Finally, R&D expense came in at 3.8% of revenue for the quarter, 70 basis points above the prior year. This reflects the relatively higher level of investment in R&D in the life sciences solution segment. R&D as a percentage of manufacturing revenue in Q1 was 6%. Looking at our results below the line, net interest expense in Q1 was $106 million, up $49 million from last year, driven primarily by the debt we raised to fund the Life Technologies acquisition. Adjusted other income for Q1 was $3 million, about the same level as Q1 last year.  Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 16%, 430 basis points above last year. This was primarily as a result of higher than average credits in the prior year, related to foreign tax credits and the double R&D tax credit, which has not yet been approved for this year. Although this quarters rate is slightly above our full year adjusted tax rate guidance of 14.5% to 15.5%, this was assumed in our previous guidance, as we only included a partial quarter of benefit from the acquisition tax synergies in Q1. So were maintaining our full year adjusted tax rate guidance and we expect that our adjusted tax rate will be below the Q1 rate for the balance of the year. In terms of returning capital, we paid out $55 million in dividends to our shareholders in the quarter. Average diluted shares were 398.4 million in Q1, up 36.7 million, or 10% from last year, primarily as a result of the shares we issued to partially fund the Life Technologies acquisition and to a much lesser degree, option dilution. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, there are a lot of moving pieces, primarily related to the acquisition and related divestitures. The headline numbers for Q1 are $102 million of cash flow from continuing operations and free cash flow of only $1 million after deducting $101 million of net capital expenditures. This compares to $236 million of free cash flow in the prior year. In the quarter, we incurred $240 million of one-time payments related to the acquisition close that were netted against operating cash flow, including financing fees, transaction fees, and restructuring costs. In our acquisition model, these outflows were primarily included as upfront deal costs. Cash flow from working capital in the quarter was reduced by about $50 million as a result of the close timing and related opening balance sheet amounts, and our tax payments were $115 million higher than the prior year, primarily because of the quarterly phasing of last years payments. This will even out through the rest of the year. So, as I said, a lot of moving pieces this quarter. We ended the quarter with $1.52 billion in cash and investments, down $4.3 billion sequentially from Q4, as a result of funding the Life Technologies acquisition.  Our total debt at the end of Q1 was $17.4 billion, up $6.9 billion from Q4, as a result of drawing down our $5 billion term loan and issuing $500 million of commercial paper to fund the acquisition as well as assuming $2.3 billion of Life Technologies debt.  Our cash balance at the end of the quarter was about $1 billion higher than we need to maintain on an ongoing basis, because the divestiture proceeds were received very late in Q1. These proceeds were used to pay down debt early in Q2. Let me wrap up my comments on the total company with a quick update on our performance in terms of return on invested capital. Our trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC in the first quarter of 2014 was 9.5%, down 60 basis points from Q4, as a result of the Life Technologies acquisition. As we normally do, well give you a longer term view of ROIC at our analyst meeting on May 20. So, with that, now Ill walk you through the performance of our four business segments. Starting with the new life sciences solution segment, in Q1, total revenue grew significantly to $836 million from $173 million in the prior year, primarily as a result of the Life Technologies acquisition net of divestitures. On a pro forma basis, assuming Life Technologies was owned for the entire quarter in both the current and prior years, organic revenue grew 1%.  In the quarter, we saw good growth in our bioprocess production business and in next gen sequencing, partially offset by a tough comparison in licensing revenues. Q1 adjusted operating income for life sciences solutions also increased significantly, primarily as a result of the acquisition, with adjusted operating margin of 550 basis points to 29.3%. Because of the timing of the acquisition close, life sciences solutions Q1 reported results include only February and March, which historically have higher margin than January, as a result of the phasing of revenue versus expenses throughout the quarter. As a result, we expect adjusted operating margin in the segment to be about 250 to 300 basis points lower in Q2 compared to Q1, but this should increase throughout the year as revenue and synergies increase. In the analytical instruments segment, in Q1 total revenue and organic revenue both grew 4%. In the quarter, we had very strong growth in our life sciences mass spec and chromatography businesses, which benefited from good performance in Europe and Asia Pac. Q1 adjusted operating income in analytical instruments increased 9%, and adjusted operating margin was 17%, up 70 basis points. The margin expansion was driven by strong pull through on top line growth and good contribution from productivity actions, partially offset by strategic growth investments and unfavorable foreign exchange. Turning to the specialty diagnostics segment, in Q1 total revenue grew 1% and organic growth was modestly positive. In the quarter, we continued to deliver good growth in our transplant diagnostics business and our immunodiagnostics business grew in the mid-single digits. As Marc noted earlier, we believe this was more than offset by weak healthcare utilization in the U.S.  Adjusted operating income in the segment declined 1% in Q1, and adjusted operating margin was 27.2%, down 50 basis points from the prior year. In the segment, we delivered good productivity, but this was more than offset by strategic growth investments and some unfavorable mix. In the laboratory products and services segment, both reported revenue and organic revenue grew 2% in Q1. Our clinical trials logistics business continued to deliver very strong growth, but softness in the U.S. academic and government end market, as Marc mentioned, continued to be a headwind in this segment. Adjusted operating income in laboratory products and services grew 1% for the quarter, and adjusted operating margin was 14.7%, down 10 basis points as good productivity was more than offset by strategic growth investments and unfavorable foreign exchange. So with that, Id like to review the details of our full year 2014 guidance. As you saw in our press release, on the top line, were raising both the low and high end of our reported revenue range, primarily as a result of the acquisition and divestiture timing as well as more favorable foreign exchange. This leads to a new full year 2014 revenue guidance range of $16.84 billion to $17.0 billion, which represents growth of 29% to 30% compared to our reported revenue of $13.1 billion in 2013.  To bridge the $190 million revenue increase from the midpoint of our previous guidance, we picked up $120 million related to the acquisition, primarily as a result of an early close date than our previous assumption, $45 million as a result of more favorable FX rates on Thermo Fisher standalone, and $25 million as a result of the divestitures closing later than our previous assumption. On an organic basis, were still guiding to standalone organic growth for full year 2014 of 3% to 4%, consistent with our previous guidance. As I mentioned earlier, this measure of organic growth does not include the results of Life Technologies. For the life sciences solution segment, we still expect 2% to 3% pro forma organic growth for full year 2014, also consistent with our previous guidance. In terms of FX, assuming recent rates, the year over year foreign currency impact on our revenue will now be slightly positive. However, were still expecting a slightly unfavorable margin impact resulting from the mix of currencies, with the stronger euro and British pound offsetting the weaker Japanese yen, which pulls through at a much higher rate.  The Life Technologies acquisition, net of related divestitures, is expected to contribute about 26 percentage points of our total revenue growth in 2014, and consistent with past practice, we havent attempted to forecast future foreign currency exchange rates and our guidance does not include any future acquisitions or divestitures. Moving to adjusted EPS, were also raising both the low and high end of the range, in line with the change in our revenue guidance. This results in new full year 2014 adjusted EPS guidance range of $6.80 to $6.95, which represents growth of 25% to 28% over our 2013 adjusted EPS of $5.42. To bridge the roughly $0.08 increase in adjusted EPS from the midpoint of our previous guidance, we added about $0.10 from the acquisition net of divestitures and about $0.02 from more favorable FX, which was partially offset by increased investments and some segment mix. Turning to adjusted operating margin, were maintaining our previous guidance for the full year of 220 basis points to 250 basis points of expansion. We continue to expect solid contribution from our productivity actions and about $85 million of synergy benefit in 2014 from the Life Technologies acquisition. Moving below the line, were expecting net interest expense to be in the range of $430 million to $440 million, up $10 million from our previous guidance. This is driven by the timing of the acquisition and divestiture close dates. Q2 interest expense will increase by about $10 million from Q1, as a result of having a full quarter of outstanding debt and then it will decrease throughout the year as we use our cash flow to pay down debt. As I mentioned earlier, were still forecasting our adjusted income tax rate to be in the range of 14.5% to 15.5%, consistent with our previous guidance, and were still assuming that well return approximately $240 million of capital to shareholders, all in the form of dividends, and that in addition to the proceeds of the divestitures, well use the bulk of our free cash flow to pay down short term debt. Full year average diluted shares are estimated to be in the range of 402 million to 405 million, up 10% to 11% from 2013, and similar to interest expense, our share count will increase by about 4 million shares in Q2 compared to Q1, as a result of having the acquisition related shares outstanding for the full quarter.  Were still expecting net capital expenditures to be in the range of 470 million to 490 million, and in terms of free cash flow, nothing has changed in our assumptions as to our year-end cash balance or the speed at which we expect to pay down our outstanding debt. However, solely as a result of the reporting of acquisition and divestiture related cash flows, we now expect reported full year free cash flow to be about $2.2 billion, which is below our previous guidance of $2.55 billion to $2.65 billion. One final note on guidance, we dont normally provide detail other than annual guidance, but similar to last quarter, there are a lot of moving parts related to the acquisition and divestitures in our Q1 results, so I thought it would be helpful to give you some insight into what were expecting for Q2. In terms of revenue, were expecting Q2 to represent about 25% of our full year revenue guidance, and in terms of adjusted EPS, were expecting Q2 as a percentage of our full year guidance to represent a couple points less than the comparable revenue percentage as a result of the acquisition synergies and revenue building throughout the year.  As always, in interpreting our full year revenue and adjusted EPS guidance ranges, you should focus on the midpoint as our most likely view of how we see the year playing out. Results above or below the midpoint will depend on the relative strength of our markets during the year. In summary, we completed a number of significant milestones this quarter, while delivering solid operational results, which positions us well to achieve our financial goals for the year. With that, Ill turn the call back over to Ken. 
Kenneth Apicerno: Thanks, Pete. Operator, were ready to open it up for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question comes from Jon Groberg of Macquarie.
Jon Groberg - Macquarie Capital : I guess the first question is, North America now is going to be a slightly larger part of your revenues given life and obviously still a bit weaker. You talked about government and academic, healthcare utilization, but could you maybe give us a little bit more detail by segment what youre seeing in North America and maybe how you see that playing out throughout the remainder of the year?
Marc Casper: In terms of North America, in aggregate, things were fairly similar to what weve seen over the last year or two, with two exceptions. Healthcare utilization is typically at your peak in Q4, and at your trough, or lowest level of utilization, in Q1. So thats a pattern that started in 2013 and continues to be even a little bit more dramatic as you get to 2014. So you have that dynamic, and we expect that that improves as the year unfolds. From an academic and government perspective, the appropriations is a positive, and as we said on our original call in February, we expect funds to flow from the appropriations to happen in the second half of the year, which is kind of customary in terms of how that works. Clearly, as weve talked to a number of our customers, they worked fewer days in the early part of the year, and that had some effect on our industry in terms of consumable demand, and that should obviously be just a one-time factor that will not repeat as the year goes on.
Jon Groberg - Macquarie Capital : And what were some of the implied markets, or some of the more industrial markets in North America?
Marc Casper : From a North America perspective, no really big changes. Industrial and applied continues to strengthen, and pharma and biotech continues to be an area of strength for the company. So those are clearly positives.
Jon Groberg - Macquarie Capital : You mentioned Interphex, and obviously I was there and looking at the opportunities with your bag business and [Gibco]. And obviously, the more you dig into this, it looks like theres a lot of opportunity from a revenue synergy standpoint. I know its not something youve talked about as much in the investment community, because its harder to get credit for it, but maybe now that youve met with people, youre travelling around, youre examining opportunities, youre going over to Asia, Im just curious, from a revenue synergy opportunity, how are you thinking about the acquisition with Life relative to maybe where you were six months or so ago?
Marc Casper : From our perspective, were very excited about the logic of the combination and the revenue synergies that were going to capture over time. In fact, that will be one of the themes that we cover at our analyst day. Mark Stevens will walk through some of the things that were working towards. Not going to have a big impact in 2014. Weve assumed that there wont be any revenue synergies this year, although I assume well deliver something in the later half thats small. But they really ramp up in 15 and beyond. In the area of the one that you actually saw yourself, in Interphex, we didnt assume a lot of revenue synergies, because were doing a divestiture and so forth, but its a great combination of having the single use technologies from our Thermo Scientific brand being combined with the Life Technologies position in the media sera as well as the downstream analytics. So that combination should actually be quite powerful, and over time should put us in the position to gain significant share in that market segment. Other areas of revenue synergy, clearly our ecommerce capabilities are strengthened by the combination, great strength in Asia Pacific and emerging markets, and good opportunities to leverage our complementary channel strength, both our Fisher Scientific channel as well as the strength that Life Technologies brings to the company. So, lots of opportunities for the company to capture revenue synergies.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Muken with ISI Group.
Ross Muken - ISI Group : I guess on the core growth number for the quarter, how did it sort of pace relative to your expectations as the quarter went on and relative to your view coming in? And how do we put in context the book-to-bill, which is not a metric we look at for you guys that often, as its usually around one, but it was sort of particularly robust this quarter. How do we put all of that in context?
Marc Casper : When we looked at our original growth outlook for the year in our guidance call at the beginning of the year, we looked at 3% to 4% organic growth for Thermo Fisher and 2% to 3% for the life sciences solutions segment. The Q1 performance, nothing has changed in terms of our expectation for the full year. Were very confident in our ability to achieve both of those milestones. When I look at the first quarter, and the question around phasing, January and February were softer than normal. March was a strengthening and obviously bookings also were much better than revenue, and thats really driven by just the timing, as customers got back to work later in the quarter. We had good bookings momentum, which gives us confidence as we continue through the year to achieve our organic growth goals.
Ross Muken - ISI Group : I guess just relative to growth in China, we had run at 20% for a long time. It came down to kind of mid upper teens, and now were kind of in the low double-digits. As you think about that geography going forward, obviously the PMIs havent been great. It seems like the healthcare piece is quite healthy, the industrial is a lot more mixed. Any sort of pacing there or change there in terms of how youre thinking about that as a growth contributor, maybe on a near versus longer term basis?
Marc Casper : You know, Im actually heading off to China next week. My view is a couple of things. One, we continue to have a very strong position. We delivered good growth, albeit a little bit slower than we have delivered over the last couple of years. Healthcare is very strong, and thats been a continuing trend. And I agree, kind of industrial is a bit mixed. Ill spend more time with the team. Basically, nothing has changed with the long term outlook in terms of our view on China. We still believe its going to be in the range of mid-teens as the year progresses.
Ross Muken - ISI Group : And one quick one for Pete. Did you call out the actually dollar contribution in the quarter? I know you gave us a net number. Are you going to be providing that so we can kind of back in?
Peter Wilver : What I said is the operating performance of Thermo Fisher standalone was about 30 basis points of margin expansion in the quarter. So thats really the number to look at. 
Ross Muken - ISI Group : Im sorry, on a revenue basis. The revenue dollars.
Peter Wilver : Off the top of my head, I dont know the number. I believe its in my script.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan : First question, just on the pharma channel. Its obviously been a busy week in M&A world for pharma and healthcare in general. Could you maybe just talk about your view on the trajectory? I know you previously guided for a deceleration in the pharma business, but whats your latest thinking as we think about all the potential M&A here?
Marc Casper : The first thing is another very strong quarter of performance in our biopharma customer set. A little bit stronger than the full year guidance that we gave in February, so the team executed well. Obviously a lot of corporate repositioning announced over the last 24 or 48 hours, with our customer set. And I think as companies look for synergies, we typically gain share. They have targets, we have incredibly strong relationships with the executive team, and we bring them ideas on how they can get higher impact for their dollars of spend. And in fact, two of the CEOs that were involved in those repositionings, and I already communicated about some opportunities, so we have very strong real time relationships with these customers.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan : And then as we think about the integration initiatives, obviously youve highlighted PPI for your own business, can you just talk maybe about how easy it is to port over that process to the life business and other kind of big next steps? I guess youll get into a lot of this at the analyst day, but how do we think about applying PPI to the underlying life business?
Marc Casper : Even though weve only owned the business for a couple of months, the reality is theyre already starting to use our business processes, so in terms of how we operate our business. And we already have our PPI methodology being implemented. And well highlight some of the impacts of that, but thats something that we start right at the beginning, and start with the training, start with the impact, and its part of the synergies that we deliver, and its part of the ongoing productivity that well be able to drive for that business and certainly improve our customer experience, which positions us to accelerate growth and gain share.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan : Pete, can you quantify the weather impact? Its a tricky thing, Im sure, but Im just wondering if youve got a number you can throw out.
Peter Wilver : Yeah, its obviously not an exact science, but when we look at the weather impact, as well as the impact of seasonal products, both flu and pollen were down versus the prior year, its about a 1 percentage point impact on the quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik de Bruin from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : Im getting some questions from people on the second quarter guidance, the trajectory there. I assume the midpoint of that is a little bit lower than the Street number for the EPS number, if you sort of use your math. I assume thats just all related to the timing of synergies and when things are coming through. Could you talk about your plans in terms of how youre looking at synergies and what the different phases are with that?
Marc Casper : Just one thing to keep in mind, in terms of Q2, we always have a seasonal impact in Q2, because thats when we do salary increases. So that has an impact on the bottom line, and thats true for Life Technologies as well. So that could be one of the differences. In terms of the synergies, we obviously realize $17 million in Q1 already. Those were the duplicative public company costs that we were able to eliminate, pretty much on day one. And then as we go through the year, were continuing to eliminate duplicative corporate costs, for corporate functions, and were beginning to integrate the biosciences business, the businesses, legacy Thermo Fisher, that were combined into Life Technologies to create Life Sciences Solutions. So those will build throughout the year.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : Has there been anything that sort of stuck out in Life in terms of when you got under the hood and looked for potential revenue surprises in the sense of more opportunity to develop new products, more potential downstream synergies in terms of revenue potential for the company, new product investments? Im just curious in terms of how youre thinking about the business now that youve got your hands on it.
Marc Casper : As weve thought over the last couple of months, part of the activity is for myself and other members of the team just to get visibility to our new colleagues, visit customers jointly and really look at the opportunities.  And one of the things that, to me, has been a real highlight is I spent quite a bit of time meeting with some of our new scientists - not new to the company, but new to Thermo Fisher - and theyre working on great technologies. So were bringing a really complementary suite of technologies and were already brainstorming long term on what are the new solutions that we can bring out from combining the two companies suites of technology capabilities. So long term, Im very excited about what both companies bring. From a customer perspective, feedback is incredibly positive. They see great synergy between the company, and the positions us the opportunity to gain share. So no surprises, but its been very positive and the business is performing as we expected, so were off to a good start.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen & Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company : Is there anything you could share regarding the changes in allocation of investment at Life Technologies product pipeline or commercial infrastructure you have implemented or are implementing since the deal closed?
Marc Casper : From my perspective, what we do from an innovation perspective is make sure that were maximizing the impact of our investment. Innovation is a core part of our strategy, and thats part of the reason were meeting with our scientific leaders and scientists, just to really get an understanding of whats in the pipeline. Its business as usual right now, which is teams are working on great things, and theyre doing a great job, and thats what theyre focused on. And then certainly were looking for what are the new opportunities that the combined company has going as we get later into the year and into 2015. So its a very exciting time from a scientific and innovation perspective.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company : With One Lambda and Life under Thermo, can you just talk about the development efforts of sequence based HLA typing? This is a rapidly growing market and a lot of your biggest competitors announced earlier this year that they will be making a push into this market. So how are you thinking about competitive dynamics and the HLA sequencing market size? 
Marc Casper : In terms of our transplant diagnostics business, its doing really well. Its been a great acquisition, growing well above what the acquisition model assumed in 2012, so I feel great about that. We have integrated the HLA capabilities from a sequencing perspective, that Life Technologies brought to Thermo Fisher, into that business already. So thats a combined offering that were working on, and we feel good about our prospects in that area.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. 
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research: I was wondering if you could provide a little more color as it relates to the growth rates within the life science solutions segment, specifically if you strip out the standalone or existing Thermo business, what did that grow versus what did the Life Technologies business grow? And then my second thing was just on the analytical instruments business. I heard you said that mass spec and chromatography both saw strong growth. I was just wondering if you could talk about the remaining pace of that business and what the trends are with those products.
Marc Casper : In terms of the analytical instruments business, what else is in there is a lot of our industrial chemical analysis businesses. So you obviously have great strength in chrom and mass spec, you still have some weakness in the later cycle, longer lead time products. So that would be what you see there. I was encouraged in the quarter by the strengthening in our portable instruments business. Thats kind of the shorter cycle industrial business, so that saw a nice pickup in the quarter. So theres some signs of a continued economic recovery in the industrial markets. From the life sciences solutions perspective, were already integrating that business, so were thinking about that as one unified business as we put our biosciences business in there. The growth rates were pretty similar between what would have been legacy Thermo Fisher products and what was the Life Technologies products. So they both grew around the same rate, in aggregate. So thats the view on the splits there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Evans from Wells Fargo Securities.
Tim Evans - Wells Fargo Securities : Just to follow up there on the question from Steve, in the life science solutions business, could you maybe give us a little bit more commentary around the clinical end markets that that business serves, particularly in molecular diagnostics products or the products going into that market?
Marc Casper : Maybe give a little bit more color in aggregate on the life sciences solutions segment, just to frame it, and Ill cover clinical as well in that. So when I look at the performance of the business and the outlook, first of all, we feel confident about the 2% to 3% growth organically this year.  Within life science solutions, you really have three main businesses: bioproduction, which is our fastest growing portion of the portfolio; biosciences, which is our market leading position in our high tech bioscience reagents; and you have genetic sciences, which is made up of our QPCR franchise; our applied markets, such as human identification. You have animal and food testing as well. You have our next gen sequencing business, as well as our Sanger sequencing franchise.  Within the next gen sequencing businesses, you actually have a nice clinical presence as well, as theres adoption of both those technologies there. And we continue to have good momentum in that part of our portfolio. In terms of highlights, as I thought about it for the quarter, what I would say is I was very encouraged to see that QPCR had a good quarter in terms of growth. We have really nice momentum in next gen sequencing. So I think thats a really nice complement to how the life science solutions team has started off the year.
Tim Evans - Wells Fargo Securities : Given those dynamics, though, and the 1% growth, the headwind from the licensing and maybe some other pieces of the business, that must have been fairly significant.
Marc Casper : Yeah, so headwinds, the OEM licensing royalties were all headwinds versus what was a strong Q1 of 2013. We saw some headwinds in portions of our Sanger sequencing business as well. So those would be the headwinds that we would have seen in Q1.
Operator: Our next question comes from Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. 
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs : Pete, just wondering if you could put a little color on the pricing environment this quarter and your expectations for the year in the context of your core growth guidance?
Peter Wilver : In the quarter we did realize positive price, but it was between zero and 50 basis points, so pretty much consistent with what weve seen for the last every quarter in the prior year, so slightly positive. Thats basically what were assuming for the full year, around 25 basis points.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs : And then a follow up to the earlier question on pharma, the M&A activity there. If we were to compare the share gains that you typically get in these types of opportunities, against the overarching cuts that you typically see in the combined R&D budgets for those accounts, is it fair to say the net effect of those two forces is typically a positive for your business in those accounts?
Marc Casper : As weve said in years past, typically you get a little bit of a dampener as companies are figuring out exactly what theyre going to be doing. But we typically then gain share, because were part of their synergy program and they typically move spend to us as part of that process, and it nets out to be, over time, a positive for Thermo Fisher. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Knight from Janney Capital.
Paul Knight - Janney Capital : Marc, you had mentioned the handheld market, and that kind of a leading indicator for these applied markets improving. Have you been surprised how slow its taken the industrial market to improve?
Marc Casper : Im not surprised. Were in this new normal of more slow recovery, economically globally. And so were seeing the improvements now in our shorter cycle business and thats good news. And then at least we have stabilization in the longer lead time businesses. So we didnt come out of the last recession with a big springback in terms of growth, but its something that we assumed, and were managing through, which is why the use of PPI and managing our costs effectively positions the company so well. Weve been able to deliver great earnings growth in a muted top line environment, and we feel like were very well-positioned to capitalize on the opportunities that are out there.
Paul Knight - Janney Capital : And specifically, the [unintelligible] analyzer, probably in the metals mining market, youre seeing, I guess, stability there? 
Marc Casper : Yeah, were seeing growth again in our handhelds, which is a good leading indicator for us.
Paul Knight - Janney Capital : And then you [cite], in mass spectrometry, I think that must be what, stable pharma and biotechnology capital going into that market? 
Marc Casper : Those two are good drivers, plus really great products. Our products are just being adopted, so from our perspective, we have a really exciting pipeline of demand for what we launched at ASMS last year, and were looking forward to ASMS coming up again later in the spring, and a new suite of products as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Elliott with Robert W. Baird.
Jeff Elliott - Robert W. Baird: I guess just a followon to Pauls question. Can you give a little more color on where youre seeing the growth in MS and chromatography, and perhaps an update on the competitive environment?
Marc Casper : Orbitrap Fusion Tribrid is doing great. High end research, academic, biopharma, extremely strong adoption. So thats been a very positive driver. From a chromatography perspective, applied markets, industrial markets, have been good for chromatography. We have strength in liquid chromatography, we have strength in [IM] chromatography in the quarter, and feel like were well-positioned there. So those are two businesses that had very good growth in the quarter. 
Jeff Elliott - Robert W. Baird : And a follow up on China. Can you give a little more color on some of the growth rates youre seeing in other areas there, like some of the more applied areas, environment and whatnot?
Marc Casper : I would say industrial and applied, not dramatic changes from what weve seen over the last few quarters. We saw a little bit of a slowness in the release of funds from government customers in China, and that happens from time to time. That seemed to be a factor that played out a little bit in the quarter.
Operator: Our final question comes from Brandon Couillard from Jefferies.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies : Pete, on the free cash flow revision, could you elaborate on the moving parts that are contemplated in the new outlook relative to the prior view?
Peter Wilver : As I said, nothing has really changed in the operational side of our free cash flow guidance. But as I said, theres lots of moving pieces, just in the way that acquisitions and divestitures are reported. As I said, in Q1, we had about $240 million of payments related to the acquisition that hit free cash flow, $50 million of working capital impact.  And then just to give another example that well experience later in the year, the gross proceeds of the divestitures are excluded from free cash flow, but in fact the tax payments that well make are actually included in free cash flow. So in that case, nothings changed in our assumption that were going to get somewhere around $800 million net from the divestitures, but reported cash flow will take a hit of over $200 million as a result of that.  So the change is in the range of $400 million. Again, nothing operational. It doesnt change our year-end cash balance forecast or how fast we think were going to pay down debt. Its just simply the moving pieces of how the acquisition and divestitures are reported. 
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies : And then Marc, you spoke to the government and academic markets in the U.S., but curious what your view would be for that end market in the European and Asian geographies.
Marc Casper : Generally, Europe, in its entirety, continues to be consistent. We had mid-single digit growth in the quarter, continuing to benefit from stability. And thats been a positive. Theres been some exciting R&D initiatives that are government funded that bode well for long term European demand. So I feel good about that. I dont think we mentioned this as much, but we had good position and good strength in Japan in the quarter. Theres some initiatives around a tax increase that went into effect April 1 that encouraged customers to spend some money. So thats off to a good start as well. So thats a quick view on academic and government around the world.  Let me wrap it up with just a couple of quick comments. As I think back on the quarter, we made significant progress in Q1. I think we delivered solid results and positioned ourselves well to deliver another strong year. Thanks for the support of Thermo Fisher Scientific and certainly we look forward to updating you next quarter. Thanks, everyone.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Marc N. Casper - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Strategy & Finance Committee and Member of Science & Technology Committee Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Jeffrey T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2013 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Pete Wilver, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts & Presentations, until February 28, 2014. A copy of the press release of our 2013 fourth quarter and full-year earnings and future expectations is available on our website under the heading Financial Results. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2013, under the caption, Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and also available in the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during this call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our fourth quarter 2013 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc N. Casper: Thanks, Ken, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. First, I'm pleased to report that we had an excellent fourth quarter. Our teams really executed well to deliver outstanding results across the board. Our strong finish resulted in a very good year for Thermo Fisher, and puts us in a great position going into 2014. Now I know that you're all waiting for news on our close of Life Technologies, so let me give you a very quick update. We're working with the FTC to obtain the last regulatory clearance. We believe we are close and expect to complete the transaction very shortly. Given where we are in the process, we're including Life Technologies in our 2014 guidance, assuming an early February close date. I'll talk more about Life Technologies a little later on. But let me start by covering our financial performance in the fourth quarter. I'll then cover some of the highlights of the past year, talk about Life, and wrap up with our guidance for 2014. So starting with the quarter, I have to say our teams did a fantastic job of delivering excellent results on both the top and bottom line. Our revenue for the quarter was a record, growing 6% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income increased 9% for the quarter and we expanded our adjusted operating margin by 40 basis points to 20%. Our strong operating performance led to a record adjusted EPS of $1.43 for a 5% increase over Q4 of 2012. Our teams really intensified their focus on our customers and took full advantage of some year-end growth opportunities that materialized with certain customers. We also continued to drive productivity hard as we had all year long to deliver a strong bottom line. Overall, it was an outstanding quarter by all measures. Let me give you some color on our quarterly performance in each of our 4 end markets. Our strong top line growth at the end of the year was a combination of 2 things: pockets of improvement in some of our markets; and also good execution that allowed us to benefit from them. In 2 end markets, industrial and applied and health care and diagnostics, we saw some improved market conditions in the quarter and our businesses serving these customers grew in line with the company average. Let me cover each of them in a little more detail. In industrial and applied, we saw an uptick here overall at the year-end due to the release of funding for some projects that had been delayed during the course of the year. Applied markets continued to be relatively strong for us, as they had been all year, led by demand for our chromatography systems used in environmental and food safety applications. In core industrial markets, we still haven't seen an inflection point in our orders yet, so these markets continue to be soft, as they had been for most of 2013. Turning to healthcare and diagnostics. Demand for our clinical diagnostics products remain strong, as it had all year, and our team continues to grow our share position. I'm also pleased to report that our transplant diagnostics business continue to perform very well. Looking at the healthcare and diagnostics market from a geographic perspective, we saw ongoing strength in Asia Pacific and improving conditions in Western Europe. In the U.S., where conditions have been soft earlier in the year, we believe we benefited from a modest increase in health care utilization toward the end of the year. Turning to pharma and biotech. We had an exceptional performance and grew by more than 10% in the quarter. We have particularly strong results across our clinical trials logistics, BioProcess Production and Laboratory Products businesses. This says that our pharma and biotech customers are continuing to recognize our unique value proposition and as a result, we're gaining share of wallet with these accounts. Finally, in academic and government end markets, our results were consistent with what we saw in the first 9 months of the year, again declining in the low-single digits. In summary, the improvements in industrial and applied and healthcare and diagnostic end markets and exceptional performance of our pharma added up to a strong quarter of top line growth. Our teams executed very well to capture the market opportunities and deliver a strong finish to the year. That's a good segue to discuss our results for all of 2013. First, this was another outstanding year of operational execution across the company. I'm incredibly proud of the way our team stepped up and powered through the challenging environment to achieve their goals on both the top and bottom line. They did a great job of managing costs while keeping their eye on the ball in terms of exceeding our top line growth expectations. We continue to execute our growth strategy and had numerous successes during the year, which I'll cover in a moment. Looking at our financial performance for all of 2013. We continued our long track record of delivering strong adjusted EPS, achieving 10% growth over 2012. We really set ourselves apart here in the industry last year. We achieved strong adjusted EPS even though we suspended our share buybacks in light of the pending acquisition of Life Technologies. We also faced significant headwinds from FX, but were able to offset them through effective contingency planning by driving productivity through our PPI Business System. We expanded our adjusted operating margin for the full year by 50 basis points and we did that while continuing to invest for growth. As I said a few weeks ago at 2 investor conferences, when you look back at 2013, we were the exception in the life sciences space in terms of margin expansion, and we owe that performance to outstanding execution by our teams across our businesses. Turning to the top line. Our revenue for the full year grew by 5% to a record $13.09 billion. Our strong revenue performance in the fourth quarter pushed us above the high end of our most recent annual guidance. In a challenging environment, we solidly achieved our goals for the year for 3 main reasons. First, we have the operational discipline that's ingrained in our PPI Business System. Second, we had well thought-out contingency plans that were also very well executed so we were able to respond quickly to changes in the economic environment, in particular, the significant impact of adverse foreign exchange last year. And through it all, we remain focused on our customers and continue to make excellent progress in executing our growth strategy by developing innovative new products, expanding our presence in high-growth emerging markets and strengthening our unique value proposition. Let me now use our growth drivers to recap a few of the highlights for 2013. First, let's talk about technology innovation. We had a very strong year in developing high-impact new products. And what really made it stand out was that we had successful product launches across our portfolio, including analytical instruments, Bioproduction and Specialty Diagnostics. It was a long list of new products, but let me cover the highlights, starting with analytical instruments. We talked a lot about the Orbitrap Fusion Tribrid, so I won't get into the details again, but this is a revolutionary mass spec product and a game-changer for our research customers. Fusion got off to a great start after launch, and we're expecting it to become $100 million-products. Our 2 new triple-quad systems have also been well received. So it was an outstanding year for strengthening our mass spectrometry leadership. In chromatography, you'll recall that we had a significant upgrade of our gold standard Chromeleon data system, and our HPLC business continues to perform very well. We also introduced new generation in our industry-leading elemental analysis platform with the powerful iCAP 7000 system for environmental markets. Turning to Bioproduction. We launched a new single-use bioreactor and our first bench top process mass spec for biologics research. And finally, in Specialty Diagnostics, we introduced a number of tests and assays. We're clearly a company that's committed to innovation and using advanced technologies to fulfill our mission, which is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Turning to our second growth driver, Asia Pacific and emerging markets, we continue to make excellent progress here to build on our strength in these high-growth regions. As you heard throughout 2013, China was a standout, with our teams there delivering 20% growth for the year. We've invested to strengthen our R&D, manufacturing and commercial capabilities, including the expansion of our China Innovation Center last June. And we're clearly using our scale and depth of capabilities to differentiate Thermo Fisher in that region. We see many opportunities as we broaden our scope in China to include the Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities where there's growing demand for better health care, a cleaner environment and safer food supplies. We made great progress last year in other high-growth markets as well, such as Brazil and South Korea, and this will continue to be a key element of our growth strategy going forward. The third element of our growth strategy is our unique customer value proposition. This is all about fully leveraging our premier brands and the strength of our company to drive innovation and productivity for our customers. I mentioned this a bit earlier in the context of our pharma and biotech end market, but let me just add here that we've continued to gain share by working with these customers as a true partner. They have really come to rely on our proven track record of delivering value for them. I met with the CEOs of many of our largest accounts already this year. In today's environment, these customers recognize that we're uniquely positioned to help them be more competitive. As a result, these accounts continue to grow above the company average. We continue to target new accounts and we're excited about the additional growth opportunities we have here. With the addition of Life Technologies, our customer value proposition will become even stronger. Let me now spend a few minutes on the Life Technologies acquisition, which we expect to complete very shortly. I think you know what Life Technologies will bring in the way of capabilities. We talked about this a lot during the year and many of you are already very familiar with the company. It's highly respected as one of the world's leading life science research companies. In terms of the financial contribution, Life Technologies will add nearly $4 billion of revenue to our business. It will become our fourth operating segment called Life Sciences Solutions, which will also include a number of Thermo Fisher's biosciences business. As we said when we originally announced the transaction, we expect to generate $275 million of adjusted operating income synergies by year 3, which we validated during our integration planning. So we'll get off to a great start here. Looking at earnings accretion, we now expect to add between $1.25 and $1.30 of adjusted EPS in the first full year. This is above the range of $0.90 to $1 that we initially estimated when we announced the deal last April. Pete will walk you through the details, but at a high-level, the increase is based on the completion of our financing, integration planning and the impact of previously announced divestitures. So we're committed to delivering significant accretion in the first 12 months of ownership, a very good position to be in and clearly creating shareholder value even in the short term. When I think about the value this combination will create for our customers, it will align perfectly with our growth strategy. Technology innovation, it will add important capabilities in genomics and next-gen sequencing that we don't have today. Let me also remind you that combined, our R&D budget will be, by far, the largest in our industry at more than $700 million. In emerging markets, Life Technologies will fortify our presence in our fastest growing markets, such as China, South Korea and Brazil. In China alone, we will now have a business with more than $1 billion of revenues and an outstanding team of 3,800 colleagues. We will strengthen our customer value proposition by adding another premier life sciences brand. The Life Technologies offering will give us a leadership position in bioscience reagents and equipment. To summarize, our value proposition will include the leading positions in genomics, proteomics and Specialty Diagnostics. We'll be the only company that has this powerful combination. These are exciting times for Thermo Fisher. We look forward to closing the transaction and executing a smooth and successful integration so we can quickly demonstrate the value it will create for our customers, our employees and our shareholders. I'll now spend a few minutes on our guidance for the year, as I mentioned, and this includes the results of Life Technologies, assuming an early February close date. Pete will review our guidance in more detail and outline all of the assumptions behind it. But at a high-level, we're anticipating a modest improvement in some of our end markets in 2014. So with that as backdrop, we're expecting to achieve adjusted EPS in the range of $6.70 to $6.90, which would result in 24% to 27% growth over our strong EPS performance in 2013. In terms of the top line, we expect to achieve revenue in the range of $16.63 billion to $16.83 billion for 27% to 29% revenue growth year-over-year. Before I turn the call over to Pete, let me leave you with a couple of takeaways. First, our teams worked with amazing intensity on all fronts throughout 2013, and that effort resulted in a year that we're all very proud of. Our success puts us in a strong position going into 2014. Second, we're looking forward to closing the Life Technologies acquisition and excited about the many opportunities we will have to combine our strengths and create a company that is truly unrivaled in our industry. With that, I'll now hand the call over to Pete Wilver, our CFO. Pete?
Peter M. Wilver: Thanks, Marc. Good morning, everyone. Apparently, someone on the call has an open line other than us. [Operator Instructions] Given that this is a year-end call and we expect to close the Life Technologies acquisition shortly, I have a number of topics to cover in my remarks this morning. I'll start with an overview of our Q4 and full-year 2013 financial performance for the total company, and by segment; then provide you with a recap of the Life Technologies acquisition financing; briefly discuss our new segment reporting structure, which went into effect as of January 1; and conclude with our 2014 guidance. So starting with our financial performance, as you saw in our press release, and heard from Marc, we delivered a strong quarter resulting in a 5% increase in adjusted EPS to a record of $1.43. For the full year, adjusted EPS was also a record at $5.42, up 10% from $4.94 last year. GAAP EPS was $0.92 in Q4 and $3.48 for the full year compared to $1.04 and $3.21 in Q4 and full-year 2012, respectively. Looking at the top line, Q4 total revenue and organic growth revenue both increased 6% year-over-year in the quarter. The effect of both acquisitions and foreign exchange on Q4 reported revenue was immaterial. For the full year, total revenue increased 5% year-over-year and organic revenue was up 3%, exceeding the high end of our most recent guidance as a result of our very strong results in Q4. Full year reported revenue includes 2% growth from acquisitions and a nominal negative impact from FX. Although the net revenue impact from FX for the year was minimal, the mix of currencies specifically the weakening of the Japanese yen negatively impacted earnings in both the quarter and the year. For the quarter, FX resulted in 10 basis points of adjusted operating margin dilution and $0.01 or 1% of adjusted EPS dilution compared to 2012. And for the full year, the FX impact was 25 basis points of adjusted operating margin dilution and $0.09 or 2% of adjusted EPS dilution. In terms of backlog, bookings slightly exceeded revenue in the quarter. By geography. For the quarter, North America revenue grew in the low-single digits. Europe grew just above the company average and Asia Pacific grew in the low teens, with China growing in the mid-teens. Rest of world grew in the mid-teens, primarily driven by Latin America. And for the full year, both North America and Europe grew in the low-single digits, Asia Pacific grew in the high-single digits and rest of world grew in the low teens. Looking at our operational performance, Q4 adjusted operating income increased 9% and we delivered very strong adjusted operating margin of 20%, up 40 basis points from Q4 last year. For the full year, adjusted operating income increased 7% and adjusted operating margin was 19.5%, up 50 basis points from 2012, and at the high end of our previous guidance. Our adjusted operating margin expansion for the quarter and full year were driven by very strong contribution from our primary productivity levers: global sourcing, site consolidations and our PPI Business System. In line with our previous communications, we realized benefits from our restructuring actions of $19 million in Q4 and $85 million for the full year. In terms of supporting our growth initiatives, we continue to make strategic investments, primarily to strengthen our presence in emerging markets and continue our growth momentum in those regions. Moving on to the details of the P&L. Total company adjusted gross margin came in at 44.3% in Q4, down 40 basis points from the prior year. This was primarily due to unfavorable mix from higher growth in our Laboratory Products and Services segment, as well as investments in our emerging markets service infrastructure. For the full year, adjusted gross margin was 44.2%, down 30 basis points from 2012, similarly driven by unfavorable mix in service investments, as well as unfavorable foreign exchange. Adjusted SG&A in Q4 was 21.3% of revenue, 80 basis points favorable to the 2012 quarter as a result of volume leverage and our productivity actions. And we made great progress for the year with adjusted SG&A at 21.6% of revenue, 90 basis points below 2012. Finally, R&D expense came in at 3% of revenue both for the quarter and the full year, essentially in line with 2012. R&D as a percent of our manufacturing revenue was -- in 2013 was 5.3%, similar to 2012. Looking at our results below the line, net interest expense in Q4 was $62 million, up $2 million from last year. We incurred $5 million of interest expense in the quarter or $0.01 of adjusted EPS dilution, which was not included in our previous guidance as a result of the bonds we issued in December to fund the Life Technologies acquisition. For the full year, net interest expense was $234 million, which was $18 million above 2012, due to the full year impact of the debt we issued in Q3 2012 to fund the One Lambda acquisition, as well as the impact of the Life Technologies bond financing. Adjusted other income in Q4 was a loss of $1 million, down $4 million from Q4 2012. And for the full year, it was $4 million, down $5 million from the prior year, both primarily as a result of higher non-operating currency transaction losses. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 15.9%, which was 70 basis points higher than last year and about 100 basis points higher than our previous guidance, primarily as a result of the Q4 statutory tax law change in a foreign jurisdiction. For the full year, our adjusted tax rate was 14.7%, 200 basis points lower than last year as a result of tax synergies from our 2012 acquisitions, as well as our ongoing tax planning efforts. In terms of returning capital, we paid out $54 million in dividends to our shareholders in the quarter and $216 million for the full year. There were no share buybacks in the quarter, but for the full year, we repurchased 90 million of shares prior to suspending our buyback program in connection with the Life Technologies acquisition. Average diluted shares were 370.9 million in Q4, up 9.2 million or 3% from last year, primarily as a result of option dilution and the accounting impact of the equity forward contract we entered into in Q2. For the full year, average diluted shares were 365.8 million, down 0.8 million from 2012. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, full year cash flow from continuing operations was $2.02 billion and free cash flow was $1.75 billion after deducting net capital expenditures of $262 million. Full year free cash flow was essentially flat with the prior year, as higher cash net income was offset by increased working capital investment, as well as financing fees and transaction costs for the Life Technologies acquisition. We ended the quarter with $5.83 billion in cash and investments, up $3.98 billion sequentially from Q3, driven by the proceeds from the December bond issuance that I mentioned previously, but also as a result of our free cash flow. Our total debt at the end of Q4 was $10.5 billion, up $3.4 billion from Q3 as a result of the bond issuance. Let me wrap up my comments on the total company with a quick update on our performance in terms of return on invested capital. Our trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC for 2013 was 10.1%, up 30 basis points from Q3 and up 80 basis points from 9.3% a year ago. So we continue to make good progress on this important metric. So with that, now I'll walk you through the performance of our 3 business segments. Starting with Analytical Technologies. In Q4, total revenue grew 6% and organic revenue also grew 6%. In the quarter, we had very strong growth in our Life Sciences Mass Spec, BioProcess Production and Chromatography businesses, which benefited from exceptional performance in Asia Pacific. This segment also benefited from the release of funds by select customers in a broad range of end markets for projects that had been delayed, as Marc mentioned in his comments. For the full year, both reported an organic revenue grew 3%. Adjusted operating income in Q4 for Analytical Technologies increased 8%, and adjusted operating margin was 20.4%, up 50 basis points. The margin expansion was driven by strong pull-through on our top line growth and continued productivity actions, which were partially offset by negative foreign exchange and strategic investments. For all of 2013, adjusted operating income increased 2% and adjusted operating margin was 18.6%, flat with 2012. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics segment. In Q4, total revenue grew 5% and organic growth came in at 5% as well. In the quarter, we continued to deliver good growth in our clinical diagnostics business, and our immunodiagnostics allergy business grew above the segment average. Our transplant diagnostics business also continued to do well, and Q4 was the first full quarter that it was included in our organic growth. As Marc said, we believe that we saw some favorable year-end health care utilization trends that benefited the segment as a whole. For the full year, total revenue grew 8% and organic revenue grew 3%. Adjusted operating income in the segment increased 9% in Q4, with adjusted operating margin at 26.9%. This was up 100 basis points from the prior year, primarily as a result of productivity savings and strong volume pull-through, which was partially offset by investments and foreign exchange. For the full year, adjusted operating income increased 14% and adjusted operating margin was 27.2%, up 150 basis points from 2012, primarily as a result of the One Lambda acquisition. In the Laboratory Products and Services segment. In Q4, both reported revenue and organic revenue grew 8%. Our clinical trials logistics business continued to deliver very strong growth, and our Laboratory Products business had robust growth as well. Softness in the U.S. academic and government end market continued to be a headwind in this segment. However, similar to Analytical Technologies, this segment benefited from the release of funding for some projects that had been previously delayed. For the full year, reported revenue grew 5% and organic revenue grew 4%. Adjusted operating income in Laboratory Products and Services grew 9% for the quarter and adjusted operating margin was 14.4%, up 10 basis points, driven by strong productivity. For the full year 2013, adjusted operating income increased 6% and adjusted operating margin was 14.5%, up 10 basis points from the prior year. So before I move on to our 2014 guidance, I'd like to provide you with a brief update on the Life Technologies financing details now that we expect to close the transaction shortly. I'll also cover the changes to our reporting segments that went into effect on January 1. So in terms of the acquisition financing, it will be a total of $11.1 billion as follows: in Q4 we issued $3.2 billion in bonds, with maturity dates of 3 to 30 years at a current average rate of 3%; $5 billion will come from our term loan facility, which is a variable rate of LIBOR plus 150 basis points that is currently averaging 1.75%; and we'll issue a total of $2.9 billion of common equity representing 34.9 million shares. The remainder of the purchase price will be funded with available cash and commercial paper of approximately $2.5 billion. With that, let me briefly update you on some changes we're making to our reporting segments. Effective January 1 of this year, the company's financial performance will be reported in 4 segments. The details are included in our financial reconciliation package in the Investors section of our website, but the major changes are as follows. First, we've added a new segment called Life Sciences Solutions, which consist of the majority of the former Life Technologies and Thermo Fisher biosciences businesses. Our Global Chemicals business, which sells a high percentage of its revenue through the Fisher Scientific channel, is being transferred from biosciences to the Laboratory Products and Services segment. As a result, our annualized sales eliminations will decrease. But this will be partially offset by increased eliminations for products currently sold by Life Technologies through the Fisher Scientific channel. Next, our Analytical Technologies segment is being renamed Analytical Instruments to reflect the transfer of biosciences to other segments. Two small Specialty Diagnostics businesses within Life Technologies are becoming part of the Specialty Diagnostics segment. And finally, as previously announced, we have agreed to sell our sera and media, gene modulation, and magnetic beads businesses to GE Healthcare. So there are a number of changes, not the least of which is the addition of Life Technologies to our results. At the total company level, going forward, we'll be reporting organic revenue growth using our standard methodology of excluding the results of Life Technologies until we reach the anniversary date of the acquisition. When we report our actual results beginning in Q1, we do intend to provide organic revenue growth on a pro forma basis for the life sciences solutions segment as if we had owned Life Technologies for all of 2013 and 2014, to give you insight into the growth performance of that segment. So with that, I'd like to review the details of our 2014 guidance. In terms of acquisition and divestiture assumptions, our guidance includes Life Technologies assuming an early February close date. And for the previously announced divestitures, we've assumed a mid-Q1 sale date. Our guidance does not include any other future acquisitions or divestitures. As you saw in our press release, we're initiating a 2014 adjusted EPS guidance range of $6.70 to $6.90, which represents growth of 24% to 27% over our 2013 adjusted EPS of $5.42. In terms of revenue, our guidance range is $16.63 billion to $16.83 billion, which is 27% to 29% above our reported revenue of $3.09 billion in 2013. On an organic basis, this represents year-over-year growth of about 3% to 4% with the midpoint similar to our actual results in 2013. Again, this measure of organic growth does not include the results of Life Technologies. To bridge our organic growth between the 2 years, we expect to pick up about 50 basis points each in academic and government and industrial and applied as a result of modestly stronger end markets. We expect this to be offset by roughly 100 basis points of lower contribution from pharma and biotech, following our strong high single-digit growth in this end market for the last 2 years. We still expect good growth in the mid-single digits in this end market, given the strength of our value proposition, but we expect the comparison will be challenging. We also expect to see a small amount of dilution from the acquisition-related divestitures as they were growing faster than the company average. In terms of FX, assuming recent rates, the year-over-year foreign currency impact on our revenue will be minimal. However, similar to 2013, we're expecting an unfavorable margin impact resulting from the mix of currencies, specifically, the continued weakening of the Japanese yen. The Life Technologies acquisition, net of our divestitures, is expected to contribute about 24 to 25 points of our total revenue growth in 2014. To frame the organic revenue growth performance we've assumed in our guidance for the legacy Life Technologies businesses, we're expecting them to grow organically by 2% to 3% in 2014 on a pro forma basis, following 2% organic growth in 2013. Turning to adjusted operating margin, we're expecting adjusted operating margin expansion of 220 to 250 basis points, primarily as a result of the addition of Life's financial results, as well as acquisition synergies. We're expecting margin expansion for Thermo Fisher standalone to be about 60 basis points, excluding headwinds of 30 basis points from the divestitures, as well as 30 basis points from FX. The drivers of the standalone margin expansion are similar to prior year's: price and volume leverage, our PPI Business System, global sourcing and restructuring. We're assuming about $85 million of synergy benefit in the balance of 2014. This translates to $100 million for the first full year, which is slightly higher than our original guidance of $85 million as we now expect to be able to accelerate some of the synergy benefits after completing the detailed integration planning. In terms of our expectations for synergies in the third full year after close, our integration planning work has validated our original guidance of $275 million in cost and revenue synergy benefit. Moving below the line, we're expecting net interest expense to be in the range of $420 million to $430 million, up almost $200 million as a result of the debt we issued to fund the Life Technologies acquisition. It's important to note that Life's existing bonds, totaling $2.05 billion, will be recorded on our balance sheet at fair value, resulting in about $50 million of lower P&L interest compared to what Life Technologies expensed in 2013, although cash interest payments remain unchanged. We're forecasting our adjusted income tax rate to be in the range of 14.5% to 15.5% consistent with our previous guidance of about 15% for the combined company. We've not included the R&D tax credit in our tax rate estimate, which is about a $20 million benefit for the combined company as it has not yet been approved for 2014. We're assuming that we will return approximately $240 million of capital to shareholders all in the form of dividends, and that we'll use the bulk of our free cash flow and the proceeds from the divestitures to pay down short-term debt. Full-year average diluted shares are estimated to be in the range of 402 million to 406 million, up 10% to 11% from 2013, reflecting the shares we issued to fund the Life Technologies acquisition. And we're expecting capital expenditures to be in the range of $470 million to $490 million on a full year basis and free cash flow to be in the range of $2.55 billion to $2.65 billion. In terms of accretion from the Life Technologies transaction, as Marc said, we're now expecting the acquisition to add $1.25 to $1.30 of adjusted EPS in the first full year, compared to our original guidance of $0.90 to $1 and we're expecting about $1.10 to $1.15 of accretion to our fiscal year 2014 earnings. To bridge from the high-end of our original first year accretion guidance of $1 to our current guidance high-end of $1.30, we picked up about $0.38 from a lower share count as a result of issuing 1.1 billion less equity at a higher average price. We also picked up about $0.20 from lower interest expense as a result of lower rates and the fair value adjustment of Life's debt, and this was partially offset by about $0.16 due to divestitures and about $0.12 net lower contribution from Life's operations, including synergies, all as a result of more unfavorable FX rates versus our acquisition model assumptions. One final note on guidance, we don't normally provide detail other than annual guidance, but given all the moving parts related to acquisitions and divestitures, I thought it would be helpful to give you some insight into what we're expecting for Q1. With over $375 million of Life's 2014 revenue occurring pre-close and the divestitures assumed to occur mid-quarter, we're expecting Q1 to represent only about 22% of our full year revenue guidance. In terms of adjusted EPS, we're expecting Q1 as a percent of our full year guidance to represent a couple of points less than the comparable revenue percentage as a result of the synergies building throughout the year, and a large piece of the acquisition-related interest expense and share count increase being incurred for the full quarter without a full quarter of Life's operating earnings to offset them. As always, in interpreting our full year revenue and adjusted EPS guidance ranges, you should focus on the midpoint as our most likely view of how we see the year playing out. Results above or below the midpoint will depend on the relative strength of our markets during the year. So in summary, this past year, we managed our cost base effectively, while continuing to invest for a bright future. We accomplished this by leveraging our PPI Business System and through strong execution by our teams around the globe. As a result, I believe we're well positioned to achieve our growth goals for 2014 and beyond. And our prospects only get brighter with the new capabilities that Life Technologies will bring. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ken.
Kenneth J. Apicerno: Thanks, Pete. Shannon, we're ready to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Jon Groberg of Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: I guess, first, just maybe briefly, Marc, any sense as to kind of why the delay with the U.S. FTC. And it doesn't sound like, from yours or Pete's comments that they're requiring any additional divestitures than what you already talked about. Is that correct?
Marc N. Casper: Jon, yes, in terms of the U.S. FTC, as we said back in April, we expected the transaction to close early in the year, and we're still right on track with that. So we're just finalizing the documentation process but we're not expecting any additional divestitures or anything of that sort.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Okay. Great. And then maybe a quick follow-up, I guess, as you think about the Life deal closing -- and I appreciate all the tremendous amount of detail that you went through in this call to help us understand all the moving pieces. I guess, Marc, as you think about the deal, though, when you think about bringing them on board and moving your businesses into theirs. A lot of us here, out there in the space in kind of that more molecular biology, genomics space, hear about people transitioning out, hear about new products that are being introduced from competitors. And I'm just curious, as you evaluate that business, evaluate the competitive position, evaluate the R&D spend that's necessary and in some of your own -- kind of, your own markets as well, that you have both opportunities and risks, just maybe how you're thinking about that, not just this year in '14, but maybe over the next couple of years.
Marc N. Casper: So -- thanks, Jon. So we've had the benefit of a 9-month integration planning process, where the 2 teams have worked incredibly collaboratively to set out a great integration plan, as well as getting even more familiar with the business. Obviously, we know it quite well. And we're very excited about the prospects. And as I've said on a couple of the recent investment bank conferences, basically, Life Technologies hasn't been doing investor relations strategy for the year. They've been intensely focused on their customers. So you haven't seen a lot of communications, but you have seen a lot of great progress in their base operating business in terms of the things they're doing. So we're really excited about the prospects of the business and we're looking forward to closing, and welcoming our 10,000 new colleagues to Thermo Fisher Scientific.
Operator: Our next question is from Ross Muken of ISI Group.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So Marc, I mean, obviously, a spectacular organic growth rate in the quarter. I mean, this is probably one of your best quarter results in quite a long time. I mean -- I know you touched on some of the upside surprises, but maybe just in terms of where you were most surprised relative to the outperformance, and maybe give us a little bit of cadence of how it proceeded throughout the quarter. Because it seems like from some of the other peers as well, that there was a bit of extra normal budget flush this year than maybe has not happened in some time. So any kind of color you can provide around that would also be helpful.
Marc N. Casper: Sure, so in terms of just budget release and those types of things, the last couple of years, it's always a question we get asked in the fourth quarter, which is, "Do you see a budget flush?" And in those previous 2 years, we didn't see any. Clearly, this year, we saw a release of some funds on projects that had really been delayed, some of which were even considered in 2012. And that cut across a number of customers. So we saw it in Europe, we saw it in big pharma, and we saw it in some of our industrial customers. So it clearly was year-end money. I'm really proud of how nimble the team was, though, in going out and capturing it, right? It's one thing to have funding and another thing to actually convert it into great organic growth. I think the team did a really strong job in that. In terms of the end markets or the positive surprises, I don't think we were surprised as much. I mean, it was nice to see the funds released. I'm very pleased with how we performed in the pharma and biotech market. Our team delivered in excess of 10% organic growth in the quarter, and that's just great execution. So it's not a surprise but it's nice to see it in the bank.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And I guess, relative to the academic channel, I mean, how relieved are you to sort of have that higher degree of budget certainty versus where we are -- where we were last year? And in your conversations with folks throughout that channel, do you feel like we're going to get a bit of a step-up in some portions of the market? And how do you feel like Life's business is sort of positioned for that relative to their outsized exposure bid on at least the NIH campus.
Marc N. Casper: So obviously, our academic and government customers over the last few years have faced both weak budgets and uncertainty. And I think the budget process that's going on now, with some 2-year visibility and some modest increases, NIH is clearly an improved environment. So as we look at that and just the lag between the budget and when funds are released, we should see an improvement in the second half of this year in terms of our academic and government growth. And from a Life Technologies perspective, obviously they have a little bit more exposure to academic and government, so it's good news, right? I mean, it's -- it should be a good opportunity for them. And as you look at their performance, as Pete said, they delivered 2% organic growth in 2013, and we're expecting 2% to 3% organic growth or we're assuming 2% to 3% organic growth for 2014. So I think the funding environment should help us on both fronts.
Operator: Our next question is from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So can you just give us a little bit of color in terms of how instruments versus consumables did in 2013 and -- or how do you sort of see that? Is it sort of morphing in 2014? It's more about trying to figure out how to see the mix of the company shifting and sort of what's implied in the numbers.
Peter M. Wilver: Sure. Derik, it's Pete. So in terms of the equipment-consumables-services split, so both equipment and consumables grew low-single digits in 2013, and services grew high-single digits. Consumables was a little bit stronger than equipment and really, that flipped significantly in Q4. I mean, we had really good performance in equipment in Q4, as Marc said, as a release of the budget funds. Going forward, the performance we're expecting is almost exactly the same as in 2013. Now that's, again, on a Thermo Fisher organic basis, so it's not including Life's results, which certainly will be more heavily weighted in consumables when that happens.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And so that releases funds in Q4, so was that -- is that the standard budget flush or is there something more that was going on?
Marc N. Casper: I think it's hard to tell because it was so widespread. But my take is, is that there was more confidence and economic stability. And I think you've heard me say this in the past, which is in Europe, in particular, every month that something bad doesn't happen in the economy, gives more confidence and more ability for spending to happen. And clearly, we saw the government release some money, as well as some of our larger industrial and pharma customers in Europe released some money as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I actually want to get into some of the give-and-takes in the quarter. You said it's some project delays that came through, I think, in chromatography. I'm wondering if you can touch on that. You called out HLA strengths, so I'm just wondering if there are some underlying dynamics there. And obviously, we hear more from some of the sequencing companies about sequencing moving into that market. So I'm wondering if you can touch on that. And then pharma, were there some big chunky contracts that you got in the past year? Obviously, you're guiding for kind of mid-single-digit growth for pharma. So I'm wondering if you can kind of flesh out your thoughts on the pharma business as well.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So Tycho, let me -- I think I got all of them but if I miss something, just ask and I'll try to give some answer. So on HLA, we had strong organic growth performance all year. The team executed well. One Lambda acquisition's been fabulous, the team's done a great job. So we feel good about it and obviously, we have sequencing technologies for HLA with Life Technologies. So we're obviously playing that -- in that market segment as well. In terms of pharma, no, we didn't have any big contract wins. This is all about share of wallet execution and leveraging our value proposition. I mean, effectively, every big pharma is a customer and what we do is just drive incremental value for those customers across by using our portfolios. So we're driving their productivity, improving their innovation and that's allowed us to grow at great rates. In terms of chrome, chrome is less of a budget flush thing than -- or we've had very good momentum in HPLC throughout the year and we finished off very strongly in HPLC. And we saw some nice momentum in the fourth quarter in ion chromatography with our performance in Europe and in China, in particular.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then in terms of how the year ended up, you highlighted that you pulled, I think, $100 million in costs above what you had originally guided to. Can you maybe talk to whether there were some project that were pulled forward in light of the pending integration or was this just kind of executing above plan across-the-board?
Marc N. Casper: In terms of cost reduction, as we say each year, we always have a set of contingencies, right? And as we saw the FX environment be extremely negative from an earnings perspective, our teams did a really good job of reducing costs, doing additional restructuring, using our PPI Business System very aggressively to deliver very strong productivity. And that allowed us, really, to deliver very strong margin expansion and earnings growth during the course of the year.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then last one, did the assumptions on organic growth for Life come down a little bit? I think you talked about 3% organic growth at the Analyst Day, you're now talking 2% to 3%. Is that just the divestitures or is there anything else in there to think about?
Marc N. Casper: No, actually, Tycho, on that, we've always said that the long-term growth we've assumed in the model is 3%, and then what we said is that shorter-term, as the end markets have been weaker, we hadn't actually articulated a specific number so -- for sort of the year 1 view. So the 2% to 3% is actually better than where the business has been performing, and we would expect in the midterm that 3% is a good assumption for that business.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Schenkel of Cowen.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So once again, I'll say what a lot of others have said. Clearly, this was a really great quarter and when you look at LPS, the growth there was as robust as I think you've generated for several years, if ever. One thing that you've done a great job of over the years, and this has come up a couple of times already today, is using your product breadth to gain share of wallet, especially in biopharma. What I'm wondering is, is the Q4 strength at all demonstrative of Thermo having increased success of essentially doing that same thing in other end markets and really, what I'm thinking about specifically, is in health care hospitals?
Marc N. Casper: So Doug, obviously, we're always looking for ways to drive value for our customers. And we have done a very strong job in the biopharmaceutical customer set, and you saw that in Q4. When I think about the healthcare and diagnostics arena, where that's most relevant is particularly in China, where we have a customer base that is expanding the network of hospitals and clinics aggressively. And they're looking for a very simple way of getting the health care system expanded, and our offering is quite compelling. So those customers, clearly, are leveraging it. And we see that a bit in the U.S. as well. Our channel helps us drive an attractive mix of products there. So yes, we do it in healthcare and diagnostics, but probably a little bit lesser extent than we do in biotech and pharma.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I guess what I was trying to get at is, when we do our checks with hospital administrators, hospital CFOs, especially in the U.S., clearly as we all know, there's a lot of pressures in that end market and they're looking for ways to save money. So I just didn't know how material an opportunity there was for you to go in there and as a broad supplier to potentially create a win-win where you're gaining share and at the same time, cutting costs for them in some areas.
Marc N. Casper: Clearly, we have a very good position in Specialty Diagnostics and I think we're well-positioned to navigate the landscape that the Affordable Care Act creates. So I think over time, that is an opportunity. And we always are looking to drive value for our customers.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And 1 more. China, clearly, that's been a nice source of growth for you as you just mentioned, not just in hospital health care but in other end markets, with 20% or more year-over-year growth for, I think, at least the past 10 quarters, really, up until this quarter. You still have some nice growth but maybe not as strong as we've seen recently. And there's been some concern over a China slowdown, something that, clearly, hasn't materialized in a big way for you guys. Understanding that Thermo targets some pretty broad end markets, it's not as cyclical as maybe for some other companies. What are your assumptions for growth in China in 2014, and any concerns that things are slowing down there?
Marc N. Casper: We're assuming mid-teens growth in 2014 for China. So -- we've enjoyed 20% for a while and we think that mid-teens is a reasonable starting point for the assumption. Demand continues to be strong. Our position continues to get strong, but we think that's a prudent way to start the year from an outlook perspective. And then, obviously, we're seeing a little bit of improvement in the U.S. and Europe, which is the positive that keeps us with a good revenue growth outlook for the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Amit Bhalla of Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Marc, I wanted to just hone in on the comment you made on health care utilization ticking up towards the end of the quarter in the U.S. Obviously, it's not the budget flush you're talking about there. So what are the actual signals that you saw that was indicating that comment?
Marc N. Casper: So it's a combination, and in the U.S., we saw a fairly widespread improvement across our various businesses. The second thing is, we called a number of our larger customers and just asked them what were they seeing from a dynamic perspective, and that seemed to be the feedback we were getting. So it was broad-based improvement in the second half of the quarter, as well as customers validating they saw a little bit of utilization uptick. That's our best take on what happened.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And secondly, in the past, you have pointed to some of the bigger box companies, such as GE, Siemens and Philips as indicators and you guys have more of a 6-month lag versus what those guys put up. I'm wondering if you can comment on their performance thus far and impacts that you may see in the emerging markets going forward.
Marc N. Casper: So in terms of the outlook and the data that we look at, there seems to be at least some improvements in the metrics in terms of what's going on, holding aside some of the currency issues over the last couple of weeks. So there seems to be a positive outlook. But we do lag it, so it's a little bit early to call.
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel Brennan of Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Marc, as you meet with investors and customers -- and just to inch in your opinion or your take on what you think is kind of not understood or what's most not understood in terms of what you think the Life deal's going to bring Thermo?
Marc N. Casper: So we've had, obviously, the opportunity to have a fair amount of interaction with our investors and our customers. Let me start out with the customers. Very enthusiastic about the combination and looking forward to closing so that we can bring together the unique value proposition that we have. And that has now expanded, right? It gives us a broader set of genomics capabilities, it gives us a leadership position in bioscience reagents. And our customers are looking forward to the combination. So there's a lot of enthusiasm out there. From the investor perspective, I think that the strategy is understood and I think that folks are just really waiting for the transaction to get closed out. And really, probably more than anything, was to get a sense of what was our view on the guidance in terms of accretion. And I think that coming out with $1.25 to $1.30 of first full year contribution shows that the actions that we took in terms of how we financed the transaction, the integration planning, really has put us in a good position to deliver a strong year. So I think that's -- I think these are very exciting times at the company right now. Actually, I've never been more enthusiastic in terms of what our prospects and outlook is like. And I think the team here has done a great job of navigating not the easiest of economies and putting the company in an incredibly bright, incredibly strong position going forward.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And Marc, should we expect, in terms of maybe an updated view, once you do close the deal in terms of the vision and the strategies, is that something that we should expect more so at the Investor Day or could something come prior to that post closing?
Marc N. Casper: I think the Investor Day will be the right time frame for kind of the bigger picture items around the business.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just circling back to 1 question that came up earlier, just to understand kind of the '14 guidance in terms of the deceleration in pharma/biotech that you're assuming, which impacted kind of offsetting the recovery in kind of academic and industrial and applied. So is this something going from double digits down to mid-single digits in a year? Is that something -- I know someone asked a question before about some big contracts, maybe can you just expand upon kind of what you're seeing in pharma/biotech and is there a level of conservatism in mid-single-digit growth?
Marc N. Casper: I think our take on that one, it's not about the big contracts, it's just simply that market, end market, has probably been growing 2 points, roughly, over the last few years, somewhere in that range, 2 to 3. And we've been growing much faster. And when we look at the comparison, we think the starting point of mid-single digit growth, which would represent continued share gain, is the right place to start. And our teams will focus on driving the best possible performance. And as the year unfolds, we'll continue to calibrate on what the outlook is.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Lawson of Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: I'm going to ask a question around the Ion Torrent business, so please be prepared. So any thoughts about how that business is going to be run? It's a high, R&D-rich business. Any changes in your thoughts around that? And then just the strategy in that business and the focus over the next couple of years?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so Ion Torrent and the genomics capabilities that Life Technologies brings to the company is very exciting. And as we think about our focus, our focus is really on having very excited, enthusiastic customers. And there's been a huge amount of work that the Life Technologies team has done during the course of 2013, and very ambitious plans in 2014 to position for great success with our customers. I think that what we've talked a little bit about over the last 6 months or so with the investor community is, this is a small proportion of our total revenue, a couple percent of the total company's revenue. So it doesn't get that same heightened focus with the investor community than maybe some other companies might have that are much smaller. But it does get very heightened focus in terms of our customer community, and we're very focused there. So we're excited about Ion Torrent. The business invests very substantially in R&D and the business has what we think will be a very bright future.
Operator: Our next question is from Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Marc, Marc, I just want to kind of dig a little bit deeper on that utilization question earlier regarding the overall health care volume environment. And the reason I ask is it does look like some of the managed care companies talked about a little bit of a pull-forward effect in the fourth quarter, ahead of the ACA implementation. And if that's the case, it would sort of imply you might see a suddenly bigger seasonal dip in the first quarter than you have in the past. So just trying to figure out what you think is baked into assumptions for your guidance this year and how you're seeing that part of the dynamic.
Marc N. Casper: For the full year, we're expecting conditions to be pretty much the same for our health care and diagnostics business. So we didn't spend a huge amount of time looking through the seasonality effects of a strong Q4, and does that mean that there will be a little less activity in Q1? I guess it's possible, Isaac, but it shouldn't be hugely material, one way or the other.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then a similar question for your biopharma end market, I think a similar question was asked, but just maybe a little more specifically, we've seen a lot of noise regarding budget visibility, M&A activity in areas of spec pharma. So I do think there's been a little bit of volatility in -- I'm assuming a lot of volatility in your biopharma R&D customers. So that being said, do you think there's some element of that, that is now, perhaps, a little bit more secular rather than situational? And so I'm just curious sort of how much back-end seasonality you might expect this year in those end markets.
Marc N. Casper: That's a good question. I mean, in terms of the seasonality, I think, generally, the customers plan fairly constantly across the year in terms of their activity because it's mostly driven by people and keeping those folks actively engaged in developing new products. So I wouldn't expect a big change in seasonality during the course of the year. I do think the teams just execute incredibly well at Thermo Fisher to grow our share position in the fourth quarter, and I also think there was just a few meaningful projects that customers felt enough confidence in their pipelines to release the funds, which clearly was a nice thing to happen as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: Just wondering, I know you said 3% to 4% organic growth for the existing Thermo business in 2014. I was wondering if you can provide a little bit more color as it relates to the different reporting segments and what your thoughts are in 2014 versus what you did in 2013.
Peter M. Wilver: So actually, all 3 kind of legacy segments are within 20, 30 basis points of the average for the total company. So they're all very close. And then in terms of sort of the year-over-year, it's probably a little stronger in Analytical Technologies and a little weaker in Laboratory Products and Services. Specialty Diagnostics, about the same.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: Got you. And then just curious on one of the comments you made regarding the kind of end markets and expecting a little bit better industrial growth in 2014. Obviously, we saw much better growth here in the fourth quarter. Just what kind of gives you the outlook or the confidence that industrial gets a little bit better in 2014?
Marc N. Casper: I think our expectation is that we'll see some stabilization in the core industrial, and that's what's driving -- applied has been pretty constant and the fact that some funds were released late in the quarter should at least, from a comparison standpoint, tend to stabilize as the year unfolds.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Leonard of Leerink.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: You talked a bit about taking full advantage of the year-end growth opportunity. Was there any opportunity for you to maybe push some of those opportunities into Q1 and thus, offer yourself some cushion in a quarter with a lot of moving pieces?
Marc N. Casper: Our take, as you said, just like we don't pull things forward into one year, we don't push things out. We actually just close business when customers want to spend money. So we didn't sit there and say, "Let's stop working. Holiday time." In fact, I spoke to a few of our colleagues, I think it was on the 31st, they weren't probably enjoying it as much, but we worked right until the end of the year and we didn't push anything out into the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Elliott of Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I appreciate all the updated thoughts on the cost synergies but I'm wondering, now that you've had additional time to evaluate the business, can you talk about your updated thoughts on the revenue synergies? Because when I look at those, that actually looks like an area of conservatism relative to your historical performance on transactions.
Marc N. Casper: So Jeffrey, great question. So when we look at the synergies, $275 million of year 3 synergies, $25 million of earnings from revenue, which is $75 million in revenue. Our assumption is they start in the second year. So there's nothing in that first $100 million that Pete talked about. And then they start to ramp up at the beginning of the second year of ownership. We are very focused on maximizing those synergies, but it's obviously a little bit early. Right? I think it's one of those things where if you look at acquisitions that we've done previously, we've probably driven higher on a percentage basis in terms of revenue synergies. We certainly draw a lot more in the combination of Thermo Fisher, but it's a little bit early to call it out one way or another. So we'll focus on, obviously, maximizing our organic growth long-term and capturing as much synergies as possible. And as it gets a little bit deeper into the integration and we've owned the business for a while, then clearly, we'll talk more about it.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Knight of Janney Capital Markets.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Marc, when you were talking about mass spec and gaining leadership there, people thought you were probably a little crazy or something. But when you look at the business today, are there a couple 3 things that kind of stand out to you, just like that, where you're like going, this is a no-brainer where I'll be the market leader?
Marc N. Casper: As I first look back at the lessons learned, right? The first thing we did was ramp up our customer communication focus and actually ramped down our investor relations focus on mass spec. If you think about it, actually -- probably even doing this long enough with us. If you go back a decade ago, we used to talk a huge amount about mass spec and every single product, and every single quarter. And we said, "You know what? That creates a undue pressure internally as opposed to just have them focus on getting customers to win." And the silence allowed us to actually grow our share position with providing less information to our competitors quarter in and quarter out. And I enjoyed the days when people used to kind of say, "Wow, how could this $100 million mass spec business ever have aspirations back in 2001?" And today, we're a clear industry leader and customers literally can't wait for the Annual Scientific Conference to see what new breakthrough innovation that we'll bring out. So that methodology is a methodology we use for all of our high-tech businesses. We do it in our handhelds, and I think you can see us -- we're going to do that in some other parts of the portfolio as well. It's all about having the best scientists and creating an environment for them to be able to develop breakthrough products and help our customers win. And that's what is so core to our innovation success at Thermo Fisher.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Yes, great. We'll look forward to that. And then lastly, China, everybody wants to worry about that region every other month. What do you think gives you so much visibility, is it the makeup, that there's a lot of academic or healthcare customers, is it you're building a plant out there, what gives you such confidence?
Marc N. Casper: First of all, the 5-year plan is very aligned with what we do, right? In the 5-year plan, around environmental protection, food safety and health care expansion, we're right in the midst of it. When I was meeting with government officials late October, early November, really discussing economic outlook, very clear that the discussion amongst the government officials in China was there's going to be good growth but it's going to be slower than historical growth. But the focus on environment, food safety and health care, incredibly important, especially in the environment. I mean, it's a huge issue about sustainable economic growth, and that positions us incredibly well. I think 5 years ago or so, when we moved our environmental businesses headquarters to China, it might've seemed like a bold move but it's obviously paid off in spades in a huge way. Because we're really considered the domestic provider of those products and we manufacture products locally for the market, and we have a great competitive position. So we feel like we have good growth prospects in China going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Brandon Couillard of Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Pete, could you elaborate on the core Thermo margin expectations for the year, specifically between gross margin and operating expense growth?
Peter M. Wilver: Well, to be honest, it gets a little muddy when you start talking about the details of the P&L because Life Technologies is coming in partial year. As I said, just for standalone Thermo Fisher, we're expecting about 60 basis points of margin expansion in the year, if you add back the loss benefit of the divestitures, which is about 30 basis points and the FX incremental headwind that we're going to experience, which is about 30 basis points. Certainly, when we report our results in Q1, including Life Technologies, our gross margin is going to be up from where it has traditionally been, probably something in the 500 basis points range. Our SG&A will also be up and R&D will be up. And as I said, we're expecting around 230 to 250 basis points of margin expansion for the year.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Could you speak to your net pricing expectations for the year and sort of how that compares versus '13?
Peter M. Wilver: So we're actually expecting a little bit of an uptick in pricing in 2014. Pricing was pretty muted all year in 2013, very little positive benefit overall net, and we're probably expecting around 50 basis points positive net in 2014.
Operator: Our last question is from Dan Arias of UBS.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe just one on chromatography. How at this point, Marc, are you feeling about Dionex, UHPLC? Obviously, a tough set of competitors there, but do you feel like you can or you are taking a bit of business from the 2 strongholds there, especially given the momentum in mass spec?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, Dan, when we look at the HPLC and that UHPLC business that we have, obviously, we're in kind of a #3 position in terms of our market share but at least, as I look at the reported results of the other 2, it appears that we're growing consistently faster than them. So it's a good position to be in. But they're good companies and tough competitors, so we just focus on helping our customers be successful and working to use all of our competitive strengths to gain share in that portion of the business. So we feel good about our outlook there.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Actually, maybe let me sneak one more in, and apologies if you mentioned this, but now that you've assumed command of the numbers for Life, should we look for them to report the quarter or are you just going to wait out the close there?
Marc N. Casper: So in terms of the process, there'll be an 8-K at some point a little bit later in the quarter that actually report out their final results. So that happens to the SEC process a little bit later in the quarter. Okay so let me wrap it up with a couple of last comments. First, we're very pleased to deliver a strong finish to the year and to be in such a great position going into 2014. Our customers are really seeing the value that we've created through our technology innovation, our value proposition and our growing presence in emerging markets. And we're really excited about the new opportunities that we'll have once we complete the acquisition of Life Technologies, and welcoming our new colleagues to the company. So thanks for your support for Thermo Fisher, and we look forward to updating you during the course of the year. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Marc N. Casper - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Strategy & Finance Committee and Member of Science & Technology Committee Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jeffrey T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2013 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Pete Wilver, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website thermofisher.com under the heading Webcasts & Presentations until November 22, 2013. A copy of the press release of our 2013 third quarter earnings and future expectations is available on our website under the heading Financial Results. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 29, 2013, under the caption, Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available in the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during the call today, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our third quarter 2013 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc N. Casper: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our third quarter earnings call. I'm pleased to report that we executed well to deliver strong bottom line performance again this quarter, continuing the excellent growth momentum we've had all year. In a challenging market environment, we delivered 2% organic growth, which keeps us on track to achieve our full year guidance. Our bottom line results are a testament to our operational discipline and our ability to deliver strong earnings growth. With 3 quarters of the year behind us, I'm confident that we'll achieve the growth goals we laid out for 2013. With that, let's move into the highlights from the quarter, starting with the financials. Our revenue and adjusted EPS were both third quarter records. Reported revenue grew 3%, and adjusted EPS rose 9%. Turning to operating income. Our adjusted operating income grew 8%, and adjusted operating margin was a particular bright spot, with 70 basis points of expansion. Pete will go through the details behind our strong operating performance in the quarter, but as you know, we're always driving productivity across our businesses. We use our PPI Business System to improve our processes, so we can deliver the best products and services to our customers as efficiently as possible. This strengthens our competitive position and strengthens our bottom line. Let me take a moment now to talk about our performance with the current market environment as the backdrop. At a macro level, we've generally seen a continuation of the market conditions we've experienced all year. I'll give you some color on the performance by our 4 key end markets. Starting with academic and government, because it's probably top of mind, this end market was somewhat softer in Q3, given the environment in the U.S. As a result we were down here in the low single digits. Our customers continue to feel the effects of sequestration, along with the added uncertainty leading up to the budget standoff late in the quarter. Of course, the deal reached last week ensures that sequestration will be with us for the balance of the year. That said, we benefited from certain academic and government markets outside the U.S. The best example was a significant order for analytical instruments that we shipped to the Japanese National Police Agency for use in forensic toxicology and drugs-of-abuse screening. This was a result of a relationship we've built with this agency since we first supplied them with mass spectrometers back in 2008. Turning to industrial and applied markets. They pretty much played out as we expected, and we reported low single-digit growth here against an easy comp in Q3 last year. Getting into the details, core industrial markets remained weak overall, as they have been through the first half of the year. Our businesses serving these customers continue to face a challenging environment, and we still have an inflection point -- we still haven't seen an inflection point. However, we continue to see strength in some applied markets, particularly in China, which was an offset to the core industrial softness. Turning to health care and diagnostics, we didn't see any significant change here during the quarter, and our growth remained in the low single digits in Q3. We saw a carryover of the softness we experienced in Q2 as a result of lower healthcare utilization in the U.S., and our anatomical pathology business continues to be affected by lower U.S. reimbursement rates. The bright spot here was the performance of our transplant diagnostics business, formerly One Lambda. Although it wasn't included in our organic growth until mid-September, it's just over a year now since we acquired the business, which provides antibody and molecular tests to improve outcomes for transplant patients. And it's been a very nice addition to our Specialty Diagnostics portfolio. In the first year of ownership, transplant diagnostics delivered high single-digit revenue growth. Finally, in our pharma and biotech end markets, we continue to perform very well, growing in the high single digits. Our ongoing momentum here is a clear sign that our value proposition is resonating with these customers, and we're continuing to gain share. So to sum it all up, the overall market environment has been consistent with what we've seen all year long. We continue to look at this as an opportunity to leverage our scale and unique depth of capabilities to help our customers manage through and achieve their own success. Before I move on to our growth drivers and the business highlights for the quarter, let me give you a quick update on our pending acquisition of Life Technologies. First, as you probably know, Life Technologies shareholders voted to approve the transaction in late August. In addition to that important milestone, the integration planning teams are right on schedule, and day 1 planning is nearly complete. We continue to work through the regulatory process, and Pete will give you an update on our financing activities. Now that we're getting into the more detailed planning, we continue to feel very good about the synergy targets we originally laid out. The teams from both companies are excited about the value this combination will create for our customers, our employees and our shareholders. And as we stated when we first announced the transaction, we continue to expect an early 2014 close. Now I'll turn to some of the business highlights for the quarter in line with the elements of our growth strategy, specifically around technology innovation and our presence in emerging markets. It's been a terrific year for us in terms of innovation, and you know about our major Thermo Scientific product launches in the first half of the year at both Pittcon and the American Society of Mass Spectrometry. Before I cover our Q3 highlights, let me take a moment to remind you of the profound impact our new products are having on our customers. You'll recall that we launched 3 new mass spectrometry platforms at ASMS: the Orbitrap Fusion Trifid for life sciences applications; and the Endura and Quantiva triple quads, which are geared more towards customers in applied markets. We've had great customer uptake of these products, and we began shipping all 3 in the quarter. Let me relate a brief anecdote shared by one of our early adopters of the Fusion system, Dr. Josh Coon from the University of Wisconsin. In proteomic research, yeast has served as a common test organism for many years. In the past, it had taken about 4 hours to analyze a single yeast proteome. But with the Fusion Trifid, Dr. Coon and his team were able to perform a complete analysis in 1 hour. Dr. Coon described the Fusion's blazing spectral acquisition speed as truly unprecedented. He said that the fourfold reduction in analysis time will transform the speed and number of proteomes that can be analyzed, opening up new avenues of research. Dr. Coon also predicts that the comprehensive analysis of the human proteome in just a few hours is within reach using this exciting new platform. I think this tells you why we label some of these new technologies as groundbreaking and why we've been investing to keep our innovation pipeline strong. While we like to talk about mass spec innovation because of our leadership position, I want to emphasize that we innovate across our technology platforms. In Q3, we launched a number of new Thermo Scientific products, as we do just about every quarter. At the American Association of Clinical Chemistry, we announced 2 of our products received FDA 510 clearance: one was our Tacrolimus immunoassay used in organ transplant monitoring; and other was our MAS OmniCARDIO control, which improves cardiac testing. At the BioProcess International Conference held last month, Thermo Fisher showcased new innovations that, for the first time, combined our bioscience and analytical instrument technologies for bioprocess applications. We introduced several technologies that meet increasing customer demand for the development and production of biologics. Now I'll just mention one of them. We launched our first bench-top process mass spec for biologics research, the Prima BT gas analyzer. Customers can now analyze complex gases that are a byproduct of the cell culture process, so they can better understand cell growth and more quickly scale up production. Last, I want to highlight a new product in one of our portable instrument offerings. At our Analyst Meeting last May, we talked about our microPHAZIR AG analyzer, which is used for testing in animal feed, which at the time was still in development. We launched the product in Q3, opening a completely new market by helping feed manufacturers do on-site inspection to improve quality and reduce production costs. I think my recap makes it clear that we have a strong innovation pipeline, and we've launched significant products across our businesses all year long. Turning to Asia Pacific and emerging markets, our growing presence in these regions is creating value for our customers, and our teams there delivered another great quarter. We continued our excellent growth momentum in China, with 20% revenue growth in Q3. I recently returned from a trip to China in September, and our teams are doing a great job leveraging our unique scale and depth of capabilities to gain market share. The opportunities in China are perfectly aligned with our mission to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. And let me give you a couple of examples. We won a significant order to supply laboratory equipment to the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Only locally manufactured products were continued for this project or considered for this project, and our new Suzhou manufacturing center was a key factor in this customer win. In air quality monitoring, we continue to see a steady source of growth for us. You may recall that we moved the headquarters of this business to China a few years back, and it's really helped us to gain greater access to this important growth market. We expanded our presence in Asia Pacific during the quarter as well by opening a new production facility in Singapore to support increasing global demand for vaccines, therapeutic drugs and other biologics. This added capacity will help ensure a safe and uninterrupted supply of materials for our biopharma customers and will also serve as a logistics hub for the efficient delivery of these critical supplies. Turning to Brazil, we continued our strong momentum here as well, growing better than 20% in Q3. We strengthened our commercial presence in Brazil to support the country's rapid growth. Turning now to our guidance. As you saw in our press release, with 3 strong quarters behind us, we're raising the low end of both our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance. Pete will cover the details, but at a high level, we're bringing up the low end of our revenue guidance by $40 million and now expect to deliver between $12.87 billion and $12.95 billion in 2013. This will result in 3% to 4% growth for the year. We're also raising the low end of our adjusted EPS by $0.02 in this -- $0.02 this quarter for growth of 7% to 9% over last year. So before I turn the call over to Pete, let me leave you with the key points of the quarter. First, we executed well to deliver another strong quarter of adjusted EPS growth. Our scale and depth of capabilities are a key competitive advantage, and we continue to build on our leadership positions. The integration planning for Life Technologies is progressing well, and we look forward to the value this transaction will create. With that, I'll turn the call over to Pete.
Peter M. Wilver: Thanks, Marc. Good morning, everyone. As I've done in the past, I'll start with an overview of our financial performance for the total company, provide some color on each of our 3 segments, briefly review the status of our financing activities related to the Life Technologies acquisition, and then conclude with some color on our updated 2013 guidance. As you saw in our press release and heard from Marc, we delivered a solid quarter, resulting in a 9% increase in adjusted EPS to $1.30. GAAP EPS in Q3 was $0.86, also up 9% from $0.79 in Q3 last year. Looking at the top line, Q3 total revenue increased 3% year-over-year, and we delivered 2% organic growth. Q3 reported revenue includes 1% growth from acquisitions and a nominal negative impact from foreign exchange. Although the revenue impact of FX in the quarter was minimal, similar to the past few quarters, the mix of currencies, including the weakening of the Japanese yen, drove a significant negative impact on earnings. This resulted in about 40 basis points of adjusted operating margin dilution and $0.03 or 2% of adjusted EPS dilution year-over-year in the quarter. In terms of orders, we've returned to growth in our backlog, with bookings slightly exceeding revenue in the quarter. By geography, North America declined slightly. Europe grew in the low single digits. And consistent with previous quarters, Asia Pacific grew in the high single digits, with China once again delivering very strong growth of 20%. Rest of world grew over 20%, primarily driven by Latin America. Looking at our operational performance, Q3 adjusted operating income was up 8%, and we delivered very strong adjusted operating margin of 19.4%, up 70 basis points from the prior year. Our adjusted operating margin expansion was driven by very strong contribution from our primary productivity levers, global sourcing, site consolidations and our PPI Business System, and we also benefited from acquisition accretion. These gains were partially offset by growth investments and foreign exchange. The $85 million benefit from restructuring actions that we previously communicated for this year continues to provide some offset to the FX headwind. And in total, we realized about $20 million of benefit from these restructuring actions in Q3 and about $65 million year-to-date. In terms of driving growth, we continue to make strategic investments, primarily in emerging markets, to strengthen our global presence and to continue our strong growth momentum there. Moving on to the details of the P&L, total company adjusted gross margin came in at 44% in Q3, flat to the prior year, with accretion from acquisitions being offset by unfavorable foreign exchange. Adjusted SG&A in Q3 was 21.6% of revenue, down 70 basis points from the 2012 quarter as a result of volume leverage and the previously mentioned productivity actions. Finally, R&D expense came in at 3% of revenue, essentially flat with the prior year. Below the line, net interest expense in Q3 was $57 million, $3 million above last year, as a result of the debt we issued in mid-Q3 2012 to fund the One Lambda acquisition. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 15.3%, consistent with our previous guidance and 160 basis points lower than last year, as a result of acquisition tax synergies and our ongoing tax planning efforts. In terms of returning capital, we paid out $54 million in dividends to our shareholders in the quarter. And as discussed on previous calls, we've suspended our share buyback program in light of our pending acquisition of Life Technologies, so there were no share buybacks in the quarter. Average diluted shares were 367.3 million in Q3, up 1.9 million or 1% from last year, reflecting the accounting impact of the equity forward we entered into in the second quarter. Our share count increased by 3.8 million shares from Q2, primarily as a result of the equity forward accounting and option dilution. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, cash flow from continuing operations for the first 9 months of the year was $1.29 billion, and free cash flow was $1.11 billion after deducting net capital expenditures of $170 million. Year-to-date free cash flow was down slightly from the prior year, primarily as a result of increased working capital investment, along with financing fees and transaction costs related to Life Technologies. We ended the quarter with $1.85 billion in cash and investments, up $480 million sequentially from Q2, driven by our strong free cash flow. This build in our cash balance is tracking in line with our expectations related to the Life Technologies financing. Our total debt at the end of Q3 was $7.11 billion, essentially flat with Q2. So let me wrap up my comments on the total company with a quick update on our return on invested capital performance. Our trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC through the third quarter of 2013 was 9.8%, up 10 basis points from Q2, so we continue to make good progress on this important metric. So with that, now I'll walk you through the performance of our 3 business segments. Starting with Analytical Technologies, in Q3 total revenue grew 1%, and organic revenue also increased 1%. We had strong growth in our mass spec business again this quarter, and we're seeing great traction from the mass specs we launched at ASMS in June. And we continue to benefit from great performance in China. We also saw good growth in instrumentation for the applied markets. This growth was partially offset by the softness we continue to see in our core industrial markets, which are most highly represented in this segment, as well as in some U.S. government-funded projects. Adjusted operating income in Analytical Technologies decreased 3%, and adjusted operating margin was 18.1%, down 80 basis points. During the quarter, we were negatively impacted by foreign exchange, product mix and strategic investments, which were partially offset by continued strong productivity. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics segment. In Q3 total revenue grew 7%, and organic growth was 1%. In the quarter, we delivered good growth in our clinical diagnostics business, specifically in biomarkers. And although it didn't impact our organic growth for the segment until late in the quarter, we saw a very nice growth in our transplant diagnostics business, which has consistently been performing above expectations. However, as Marc mentioned, we continue to see some softness in this segment relating to healthcare utilization and reimbursement pressure. Adjusted operating income in the segment increased 20% in Q3, with adjusted operating margin at 26.8%. This was up 270 basis points from the prior year, primarily as a result of productivity savings, acquisition accretion and favorable mix. In the Laboratory Products and Services segment, both reported and organic revenue grew 4%. Our clinical trials logistics business continued to deliver strong growth, and our channel business had good growth as well. Weakened conditions in the U.S. academic and government end market, as a result of sequestration and the uncertainties surrounding the government shutdown, continued to be a headwind in this segment. Adjusted operating income in Laboratory Products and Services grew 7%, and adjusted operating margin was 14.9%, up 50 basis points, driven by strong productivity. Before I move on to 2013 guidance, I want to provide you with a brief update on the status of the Life Technologies financing. As I mentioned on our Q2 call, we secured $7.5 billion of permanent financing, consisting of a $5 billion term loan facility and $2.5 billion from a forward sale of equity, both of which we plan to draw down closer to the close. For the remainder of the financing, there's no material change from what I reported on our Q2 call. We still expect that the remainder of the financing, in addition to cash on hand, will consist of $3.5 billion to $4 billion in debt, which will likely be in the form of bonds, and up to $750 million of equity or equity-linked securities. We'll continue to update you as we finalize these arrangements. And in terms of the average interest rate on the new debt, we still expect to meet our previously communicated range of 3.25% to 3.5%. So with that, I'd like to review the details of our updated 2013 guidance. Please note that, as I mentioned on our earlier calls, our 2013 earnings guidance does not include the acquisition of Life Technologies or the impact of the related transaction and financing costs. As you saw in our press release, we're raising the low end of our reported revenue guidance by $40 million, reflecting our solid performance for the first 3 quarters of the year. This results in a revised revenue guidance range of $12.87 billion to $12.95 billion, which represents reported growth of 3% to 4% compared to our 2012 revenues of $12.51 billion, consistent with our previous guidance. In terms of organic revenue growth, we're expecting to be in the range of 2% to 2.5% for the full year. Completed acquisitions are expected to contribute about 1.5% to our reported revenue growth, no change from our previous guidance. And we now expect foreign exchange to have a negative impact on our top line of about 60 basis points, which has improved slightly since our previous guidance. The bottom line impact from FX on our full year continues to be significant and is expected to result in 30 basis points of adjusted operating margin dilution and $0.11 or 2% of adjusted EPS dilution year-over-year. In terms of our adjusted EPS guidance, we're raising the low end by $0.02, reflecting our solid operating performance in the first 9 months of the year and consistent with the increase in our revenue range. This results in our new adjusted EPS guidance range of $5.31 to $5.39 or 7% to 9% growth over 2012, up $0.01 at the midpoint versus our previous guidance. Consistent with past practice, we haven't attempted to forecast future foreign currency exchange rates, and our guidance doesn't include any future acquisitions or divestitures. Turning to adjusted operating margin. We're raising the low end of our range by 10 basis points and now expect expansion of 40 to 50 basis points. Moving below the line, there are no changes from our previous guidance for net interest expense, tax rate, capital expenditures, free cash flow or return of capital. We're still expecting net interest expense to be up $15 million versus last year and that our adjusted income tax rate will be about 14.5%. We expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $300 million to $315 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion. And we're still assuming that we'll return a total of about $310 million of capital to shareholders, composed of the $90 million in share buybacks that we completed in Q1 and about $220 million of dividends for the full year. Finally, full year average diluted shares are now estimated to be in the range of 365 million to 366 million shares, up 1 million shares at the low end from our previous guidance, as a result of option and equity forward dilution related to our higher stock price. In interpreting our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance ranges, as I've said in the past, you should focus on the midpoint as our most likely view of how we see the year playing out. Results above or below the midpoint would depend on the relative strength of our markets during the year, as well as the economic factors we've discussed. So in summary, we once again managed through the macro environment, executed well and delivered strong adjusted EPS. With 3 quarters of the year behind us, I believe that we're well positioned to meet our full year goals. With that, I'll turn the call back to Ken.
Kenneth J. Apicerno: Okay, thanks, Pete. Shannon, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Ross Muken of ISI Group.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So maybe, Marc, just digging in a little bit on the markets, particularly on the Analytical Tech business, how would you sort of characterize the pacing of orders or pacing of revenues in the quarter in some of the more short-cycle businesses? And in some of the areas where you had weakness, did things get incrementally better at any point, did they stay relatively stable? I'm just trying to get a sense for the jump-off point relative to sort of what we've seen in the macro, which is maybe a modest improvement in some of the subsectors.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so -- Ross, thank you for the question. Let me focus just on the Analytical Technologies, which is where you focused the question. So within that, we have our largest exposure to core industrial businesses -- or markets, and for us, that's most dependent on things like commodity materials. We didn't see any change to the quarter in terms of patterns, so it continues to be a soft market. It's been soft all year. So that's the kind of the industrial portion of that business. When you look at within that same segment, we also have our mass spectrometry and chromatography businesses, and our mass spectrometry business had an outstanding quarter, and our liquid chromatography business was very, very strong as well. So there's a lot of details within that portfolio, but we didn't see a lot of change month-to-month. There was more industrials very soft, but areas that you would expect Thermo Fisher to continue to gain share, things like life science, mass spec and HPLC, that continues to be consistent.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And maybe just from a competitive perspective, it's always tough to tease out relative growth rates amongst the peers just because the businesses differ so much. What I found interesting on my last Asia trip was a lot of your competitors were saying how harder -- how much harder it is to compete against Thermo today than 12 months, 24, 36 months ago. Where do you feel like you're seeing the most success of sort of the integrated strategy? Where is the channel having the most impact? I'm just curious, across the business, it seems like that momentum has increased. Where do you feel like we're actually seeing it in the numbers, although, obviously, it's tough to tease out in the totals?
Marc N. Casper: All right. So China's been growing consistently in that 20% range for us now for quite a number of quarters. We have a very integrated strategy, right? So because of our scale, we believe that we're able to put the best people on board, which allows us to execute, in a way, a harder strategy, but that strategy has manufacturing facilities that are geared towards the local market. I mean, that's why I picked out the Chinese CDC, right, which is, in this particular order, they wanted just local manufactured products, right, and the reality is we were able to do that, right, big order. Our customers want some degree of tailoring of our global products to meet their specific needs, which is why our China technology center exists. Environmentally, you get off the airplane in China, you know that there's air quality issues, right? You don't literally have to even -- you can see it when you're landing, right, which is why our business is globally headquartered there for air monitoring. So when you look at it, we have broad breadth -- broad-range strength in the market, and we're using our scale to create a really positive customer experience. Our executive team spends an enormous amount of time in China. I was there in September. I'm going back next week. The rest of the -- the rest of my direct reports do the same thing because the government is very important to decision-making, and building those strong relationships is an advantage, and scale matters. Little companies just don't have the same access as an industry leader has, and we're trying to take that to the next level every time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Groberg of Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Congratulations on another really remarkable quarter from an adjusted EPS and margin standpoint. And, Marc, I just want to focus on that for a second. So if I look back over the last -- just looking at this year more on an annual basis -- I know we're only 3 quarters through, but if you look back kind of to 2011, 2012, 2013, you're kind of in that 2.5% to 3.5% organic growth. But if I look at this year, you're doing 40 bps, 40 to 50 bps of operating margin expansion, that's not including the medical device tax, which probably gives you another 20 bps, the unfavorable FX that Pete mentioned. So I'm just curious, if that's kind of the realm of growth that we're in, say, over the next year or 2, you're still in that 2.5% to 3.5%, is that still -- is that still feasible, what you're doing there? Do you feel like you're really starving the organization some? And I mean, I'm just trying to think about kind of the levers that you feel like you still have to pull as if the macro doesn't really improve that much.
Marc N. Casper: Jon, it's a great question right? So we have a very strong operating system at the company, our PPI Business System. And our 39,000 colleagues are constantly trying to make the company better every day and more efficient. And as we went into this period of a muted recovery coming out of the recession, our team has done a very good job of streamlining the organization, eliminating waste, so that we can fund R&D and our significant expansion in emerging markets. So we're not starving the organization in terms of a bright future. In fact, I've spent most of my comments today actually on new product launches, and I have to cut them short, otherwise, we'd run out of time for Q&A, right? So we're spending for a bright future, and we feel like we're taking out the appropriate costs to deliver very strong returns for our shareholders. Looking forward, if we continue in this muted growth environment, we believe the ability to drive good bottom line performance is clearly something that we have the skill to do and the ability to do. And as we get into our guidance process for 2014 early in the year, we'll articulate our plans. But we've lived through periods of rapid growth, we've lived through a couple of recessions, and we've lived through a period of muted growth. And pretty consistent to that is we've been very focused on driving bottom line improvement.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Just, as a quick follow-up to that, just as a point of clarification, as you mentioned with Life, you're getting closer to day 1 planning in place, getting closer to that, potentially closing that acquisition. As you go and talk to investors, is the number that you talk -- I'm trying to think about -- do we think about the core Thermo business still getting the margin expansion that you would get otherwise, and then layering on top of that what you expect from Life?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, I mean, at a simplistic level, yes. I mean, what we'll do is, when we give out the -- when we close the transaction and give out the guidance, we'll bridge the details enough so that everyone can understand what we're doing. But our base business without Life continues to have to generate good earnings growth. And then obviously, you're going to get the positive synergies and accretions from that acquisition as well on top of that.
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel Brennan of Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Marc, I wanted to dig in a little on China, maybe just get some color there. Within your China business, can you give us some sense of how the different segments did within China? And specifically, like on the more industrial side of your business, have you seen any change, either for the better or for the worse?
Marc N. Casper: So industrial -- core industrial continues to be soft in China. So that's going to affect the Analytical Technologies segment the most. There were certainly bright spots on the applied markets in China, particularly air quality continues to be strong in that market. Health care continues to be a good growth driver as well, so Specialty Diagnostics will benefit from that. And then mass spec had a very, very strong quarter in China as well. So that gives you a little bit of a flavor. Headwinds continue in industrial, the rest of the business performing solidly.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And the same maybe on the LPS side, which you had pretty strong growth certainly this quarter, I know you highlighted the clinical trial logistics business. Can you -- could you just break it down like how the channel business converts to clinical trials business? And on the channel side, is this share gains or you're just growing in line with the market right now?
Marc N. Casper: We had good, good momentum in our channel business in the quarter. We had very strong momentum in our clinical trials logistics business. I would say that our share in our channel business, we probably grew share slightly in the quarter, and that's not growing hugely different from the rate of the market but probably a little faster than the market.
Operator: Our next question is from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So just -- I don't know if you are going to answer this, but I'm going to ask you anyway. Obviously, there's been a lot of FX moves since you guys first announced the Life transaction and some of your accretion expectations for that transaction. Can you -- are you in the point where you're just can sort of update sort of what your expectations are for that just considering [ph] -- how the currencies have moved all over the place?
Peter M. Wilver: Yes. Certainly, there's a lot of things that have changed since April 15 on the Life acquisition pluses and minuses, and so I'm not going to answer one piece of that equation. So we'll give you updated guidance once we close the transaction.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And I guess, speaking of the U.S. academic markets and some of the uncertainty there, just like what's your sort of working assumption for that customer segment as we sort of look about -- look into Q4? And if you sort of look into 2014, I mean, are you expecting that segment of the market to be flattish? I'm just curious in terms of what your current planning is.
Marc N. Casper: So let me limit it to what we saw and a little bit on Q4. We'll deal with all of '14 holistically through our guidance process. Let me start -- longer term, as you take it out of years, I don't think we're -- our view on academic and government continues to be the same, which is going to be a low single-digit growth market for us in the long term, not so different than what we talked about at the Analyst Meeting. I don't think there's a big change even with all the stuff going on in Washington. So when I look at the performance in academic and government, year-to-date, we're down low single digits, I mean, basically. And our view for the fourth quarter is fairly similar to that environment. Basically, we're not assuming a particularly material effect from the government shutdown. Obviously, a little bit of a headwind. But we also know that sequestration is certainly with us for the rest of the year, so that means that -- any optimism that maybe sequestration would go away this year, that fades, from customers' viewpoint. So similar to Q3 is how we're thinking about it.
Operator: Our next question is from Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First one, just on pharma and some of the trends. Obviously, you guys have had really good momentum there. Can you maybe just talk about the sustainability of those trends? And the deals seem to be getting a bit bigger. At the same time, we see the Merck news about cutting R&D. So maybe just talk on your view on the pharma business for the next quarter or 2.
Marc N. Casper: If we look back now over the past few years, we've been growing well above the company average share. We're clearly gaining share. Our customers are benefiting from the productivity that we deliver for them, and we feel like our value proposition is very well suited to help customers navigate a tough environment. So we never like any of our customers to be struggling, but what I can tell you is that we're on the phone the minute those issues happen, and we're they're coming out with new ways of helping them navigate those environments. Our clinical trials logistics business, obviously, has done very well for quite some time. And the reason for that is we're just substantially lower cost than the in-house capability, and our quality and performance metrics are truly outstanding, so customers are getting comparable or better quality at a lower cost. And as customers are tightening their belts, they've been driving more and more business to us, and we've been cross-selling across the portfolio as well. So our view is that it's our job to help our customers be successful, and we'll continue to focus on navigating that environment going forward.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-up on mass spec. You spend a lot of time talking about the new products. Can you talk about the degree to which those new products are seeing uptick in the clinical segments? I mean I think that was one of the things out of ASMS was just mass spec moving more into the clinical side. And then can you also just talk about competitive dynamics to the extent you think you're taking share, both in mass spec and then LC with the Dionex addition?
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So for -- clinical research is growing in importance for us. It's still early in terms of the adoption for us, but it's -- but we're seeing some of it in clinical research. And the new products have done very well. We started shipping the products in the quarter. The uptake has been very strong. And one of the things I'm very passionate about is that the Q Exactive, which is -- we launched a couple years back, just had a fabulous quarter, right? So we launched another high-end system, but we don't lose any momentum in the Q Exactive. I wasn't expecting to lose any momentum because it serves a different market, but it's nice to actually see the facts play out that way in terms of performance. HPLC was very strong for us, so I feel good about how our teams are executing around the world.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Schenkel of Cowen and Company.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: One thing I'm having a hard time reconciling is better-than-expected LPS growth in the quarter and the negative commentary on the academic/government end market in the U.S. I say this because, in the past, you pointed out that LPS was the segment you thought would get most impacted by U.S. government weakness. And I believe that's what was at least previously embedded in guidance. So the question is, has there been a notable source or are there notable sources of upside within LPS outside academic/government that have exceeded your expectations? And then is the offset that academic/government weakness has been maybe a bit more pronounced in either AT or maybe even Specialty Diagnostics than you expected?
Marc N. Casper: This is a great question. So when you look at the academic and government performance, you see the pressures in AT and in LPS. But the consumable mix is the vast majority in LP&S (sic) [LPS], so it's more muted, the effect, than the capital equipment effect that you would see in AT. So you see some pressures, Doug, in the Lab Products and Services, but you see a lot more pressure on more the routine capital equipment, which is in the other segments, so that's part of it. The other thing is because pharma is overrepresented, it's a good thing, in Lab Products and Services, that's really been a very strong driver of that. Because you have a clinical trials logistics business there, our channel business, our lab consumables, things that are very pharma and biotech focused, we have a disproportionate weighting in that segment. So I think those factors would say why does the performance consistently look very strong in Lab Products and Services.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. So SG&A spend was a bit lower than, I think, some of us expected. This is probably largely because of mix and some progress you're making on the PPI side. That said, I am wondering if some of this is also a function of planning for the closure of the Life deal. You guys have been executing well to plan this year, but I think it's also fair to say that Life's performance has been a bit disappointing relative to expectations. So point here is some of the SG&A pullback related to what's been going on in Life as you move towards the closure of the deal.
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, so in terms of the SG&A, we certainly are still continuing to make investments in the business. The leverage we're getting in SG&A year-over-year is really about the restructuring activity that we're doing and PPI activities that drive costs out of the system. So they're really not any material impact related to planning for Life. Obviously, there's a very small piece of our company that's really directly overlapping with Life in terms of the cost base, so that's not anything that's impacting the numbers.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And if I could sneak in one more.
Marc N. Casper: Sure.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: You guys continue to do really well in APAC and rest of world, and you recognize strong underlying demand in these markets. But across most end markets in these geographies, it does appear like you're outperforming many of your peers. I guess, what I'm wondering is, how much of your outperformance in these geographies versus your competitors is attributable to you having a better reach than your competitors in your opinion? And are there opportunities you're actively looking at where you could repeat what you did with China, environmental? And more generally, are you thinking it might make sense, given really what have become kind of long-standing trends in these geographies to accelerate really reallocation of sources to areas, say, in Latin America or certain areas of APAC?
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So Doug, thanks. A few things. One of -- I'll mention one more time, this the China CDC order in lab equipment. We moved one of our business units, actually a large one, the headquarters to China about a year ago basically to position this business for the very strong funding environment that's likely to continue for many years in China. So we're always looking at our portfolio around the world and trying to optimize it to position us for growth. I think the combination with Life Technologies actually gives us some interesting opportunities, where the markets in some other countries might have been just a little subscale for us to really want to put the infrastructure in place to build a very, very superior experience for our customers but the combined entity is worth doing. So I think when you get down to the South Koreas of the world, parts of Southeast Asia, we're going to be able to replicate the very strong capabilities we have in China in some of these markets, not at the same level of cost or investment but just because we have enough scale that we're going to get a quick enough return to do it. So I actually think the combination will position us for better growth over time.
Operator: Our next question is from Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to start maybe with a bigger concern thought on just gaining wallet share across 2 of your specific end markets, one being academic and pharma and the second being pharma. And the reason I ask is you're probably looking at a period of protracted slowdowns in funding in academia, there's been, obviously, some continued cuts in the pharma side. So just thematically, if you look at the combined portfolio you have and the competitive advantage you have with channel, are there a couple of new initiatives you can specifically point to where you think you think you can use the franchise to gain wallet share in a slower growth environment?
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So, Isaac, obviously, we've been doing this with pharmaceutical customers for quite some time, and we'll continue to do that. So we think that a -- that type of requirement of productivity from our customers is always a good opportunity and the fact that we have a stronger offering in production chemicals now, and when we close Life Technologies, an even stronger offering in some of the life sciences research reagents, it will give us more opportunities to go to those customers and bring new value and help them navigate the environment. On the academic and government side or academic side, decision-making is a little bit different, but the economic needs are the same, right? You're dealing more at the lab level than the enterprise level. And I had the chance to meet with a number of academic customers this week, actually, here in Boston because of ASH. She[ph]is here. And they love the Thermo Fisher value proposition, how we can help navigate what's a tough environment for them. So it's more at the micro level, but we can help them save money, so they can continue doing the important research they're doing, and then it's a great opportunity.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a tactical question. You guys called out in your prepared comments a couple times you've strengthened the transplant diagnostics business. So I'm wondering, should we expect that kind of pacing to continue through the balance of this year? How do you feel about the prospects over the next 12 months, just given that you have the asset under your control for full 12 months now? And do you think you can maybe accelerate the growth from here? Just trying to gauge expectations for that specific business.
Marc N. Casper: As you look -- we had assumed kind of mid-single-digit growth when we announced the acquisition. It's been growing at the high single digits. We think the business has good momentum. It'll start to show up in our organic growth. Not a huge business, but it's a nice business that the integration has gone incredibly smoothly, and the team's done a great job. So we're going to -- we'll try to maximize the top line performance that we can get out of it. And certainly, that's embedded in our guidance as we set that out for 2014.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Knight of Janney Capital Markets.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: When you look at the analytical instruments business, did we go into a double dip or what happened in 3Q while the industrial market-- did it delay or what do think the color is there?
Marc N. Casper: Industrial, I don't think it changed much. Basically, we just haven't seen an upswing, right? And when you get into all of the details, basically, it's the core industrial, the commodity material markets continue to be very soft. That's where we have our largest mix of that part of the business. Applied markets, clearly, there's some nice pockets of strength, so I didn't really see a big change in the third quarter, Paul.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And that's what, spectroscopy, gas chromatography, those kind of things?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, I mean, you have your chemical analysis, instruments, your process instruments, molecular spectroscopy, those types of instruments would be most affected. Portable instruments would be another one that would be affected by the economic downturn.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And then, Marc, these PMI readings have been pretty strong at least until -- we don't know what this month is, but PMI has been good. I mean, if PMI drives better sales, what do you think the lag factor is, is it -- should it show up this quarter, or should it show up next quarter, what's your experience?
Marc N. Casper: Usually, 2 quarters lag is typically what we see in our business. So we're definitely paying attention to that. That's clearly positive news, but it hasn't sustained yet in terms of orders momentum at this point.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And last, were you surprised by pharma and biotech in the quarter?
Marc N. Casper: No, it's been incredibly consistent with high single-digit growth now for quite a number of quarters, so the team's doing a good job of executing.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Arias of UBS.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Marc, maybe on -- another on the industrial markets. How do you feel about where those customers are broadly in their product cycle? Do you feel like if you remove the macro factors from the purchasing, which is in there, you're sort of left with a decent portion of that segment, that's maybe due for a tech upgrade?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, what I would say is that our product portfolio, ourselves internally, is very strong. We've been launching a number of new products. So as customers release funds, we think we're well positioned to capture market share. I think, basically, customers are being cautious right now. And when we get to a period of a little bit more optimism in the customer base, I think we're very well positioned to see an acceleration of growth.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And maybe one on diagnostics. What are your thoughts at this point on penetrating the U.S. physician base with the Phadia products that do sell well up in Europe -- well in Europe? Do you feel like, over the near term and the midterm, you have the ability to convert a portion of that market that's kind of like doing prick testing and sort of an antiquated way of going about things?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, I would say that we're expecting to see us building momentum in driving penetration in the U.S. for our allergy products. It's -- we do a lot of doctor -- end doctor visits to explain the technology and do education. And as that education becomes stronger and stronger, we think that we're well positioned to have good growth.
Operator: Our next question is from Amit Bhalla of Citigroup.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A question on Lab Products and Services, the revenue side has been quite strong, but what kind of struck me was the operating margin of the business at 14.9%. I've looked back last 2 years or so, and this is probably the highest it's been. You said that productivity is kind of the reason for the op margin expansion. And I was wondering if you could go into some detail about how much headway you still have on op margin expansion in that business.
Peter M. Wilver: When you say headway, you mean headroom or?
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Headroom, yes.
Peter M. Wilver: Well, I think, obviously, in the Laboratory Products and Services segment, it's a little more challenging to get a margin expansion just because of the mix of self-manufactured versus sourced products. So this is a really strong performance for that quarter, but we still have room to expand margins. I would say, on an annual basis, if we're thinking about 50 to 100 basis points at the company level, you're probably in the 20 to 40 basis points range here in this segment is what you could expect as long as we get mid-single-digit kind of organic growth.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then, second, just in Analytical Technologies, I was wondering if you could give some color on BioProcess Production in the quarter.
Marc N. Casper: So we had good growth in BioProcess Production in the quarter, not as strong as the first half, but the pipeline looks incredibly strong. So I would say that it's growing well, well above the company average, and I feel like we're well positioned.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Anything, Marc, that drove the less-than-strong performance there versus the first half? Any more color you can give?
Marc N. Casper: It was actually a strong performance, but we've been growing double digits for a while, and this was more in the mid to high single digits. I don't think there's anything much to it. I looked at the pipeline, and it looks like the next few quarters look strong.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Elliott of Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I was wondering if you could give some more color on Brazil. You said it grew over 20% in that market. Can you talk about what's driving the growth and how sustainable it is?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, we've had a few good quarters now in a row in Brazil. Our diagnostic business, in particular, is driving good growth in that market. So there had been some changes in the reimbursement and regulatory environment that had put some pressures on that business over the past year or so, and that's clearly subsided. That's been probably the biggest driver.
Jeffrey T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then on the clinical trials logistics business, can you talk about what's driving the growth there? How much of that is shift towards outsourcing versus you adding additional services? And can you update us on the competitive landscape in that market?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so it's really about the outsourcing trends, it's what's driving it. And what customers are doing is most of the biopharma customers use us in some fashion, but it's the question of how penetrated we are. And for the most part, we have lots of opportunity to increase our share of wallet, if you will. So it's less about new services than it is going from being surplus capacity to being a portion of capacity, to being the sole-source provider of that capacity, and we're seeing more and more customers move towards using us as the sole or primary provider, and that's a great opportunity, and we think we got lots and lots of legs in that strategy in terms of driving growth.
Operator: Our final question is from Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: Two things for you. One, I was wondering if you could just comment on how you're thinking about the 3 different business units and their growth in the fourth quarter as compared to their growth this past quarter. And then secondly, just do you have any early read on what the flu season is looking like? And any thoughts on the impact to the company from that?
Marc N. Casper: So in terms of the 3 segments, I would say that the fourth quarter would be pretty similar to what we saw in the first 9 months of the year. And, Pete, do you want to comment quickly on flu?
Peter M. Wilver: Well, in terms of flu, we definitely have a tough comparison in Q4. We had a very strong flu season in 2012. And basically, what's assumed in our guidance right now is that we have kind of an average flu season. We don't have any good insight yet on the strength of the season.
Marc N. Casper: So let me wrap it up. As we look sitting here in October, we have 3 strong quarters behind us, and we're on track to achieve our growth goals for the year. Life Technologies integration planning is progressing very well. I'm really confident that we'll be in an excellent position going into 2014, and I'm looking forward to updating you early in the year. Thank you, again, for your time this morning and, certainly, for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thanks for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Marc N. Casper - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Strategy & Finance Committee and Member of Science & Technology Committee Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company Jeffrey T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2013 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Pete Wilver, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts and Presentations until August 23, 2013. A copy of the press release of our 2013 second quarter earnings and future expectations is available on our website under the heading, Financial Results. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 30, 2013, under the caption, Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available in the Investors section of our website under the heading, SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also, during this call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available on the press release of our second quarter 2013 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading, Financial Information. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc N. Casper: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our second quarter earnings call. I'm pleased to report that we delivered another solid quarter. Our growth initiatives are clearly creating value for our customers, and as always, we continue to carefully manage our costs. The result was good performance on the top and bottom line, and I'm proud of our teams for getting the job done. With a solid first half behind us, we're in a great position for the balance of the year. I'm confident that we'll continue our momentum to achieve the goals we've laid out for 2013. With that, let me move onto the highlights for the quarter, starting with the financials. Our revenue and adjusted EPS were both second quarter records. Revenues grew 4% and adjusted EPS increased 8%. Turning to operating income. Our adjusted operating income grew 6% and our adjusted operating margin expanded by 30 basis points. The environment is still challenging, and conditions remain similar to what we've seen during the past few quarters, but we've been very diligent as we always are about making sure that we're capitalizing on our growth initiatives and that we continue to fund them by controlling our costs. As you know, we use our PPI business system to make sure that we're delivering the best products and services to our customers as efficiently as possible. Our results clearly show that our formula is working. Let me take a moment now to put some color around our performance in the context of our key end markets. From a macro perspective, I would say that the dynamics are pretty consistent with what we've seen in prior quarters. Starting with academic and government, we grew here slightly in Q2. That said, our view on this end market hasn't changed and we still expect it to remain challenging for the balance of the year. This was the first full quarter of sequestration and markets in the U.S. were slightly weaker as a result. However, that was offset somewhat by growth in academic and government markets outside the United States. In industrial and applied markets, they remained weak overall, similar to what we saw last quarter, and again, it declined in the low single digits. Our businesses serving core industrial customers continue to face a challenging environment, and we haven't seen an inflection point yet. Applied Markets are certainly faring better than industrial for the most part and are providing some offsets here. For example, we continue to see very strong demand globally for our products used in food safety applications. Turning to health care and diagnostics, growth was very consistent with Q1 and remained in the low single digits. Looking at this end market by geography, we did see some effect from lower health care utilization in the U.S., but that was offset by a slight improvement in Europe. From a product perspective, we continue to see strong demand for our biomarker tests and our clinical diagnostic offerings. Finally, in pharma and biotech, markets were very strong for us again this quarter, and we're really strengthening our relationship with these customers and continuing to gain share. We grew here in the high single digits as we have for quite a few quarters now. So to sum it up, overall, our end markets are playing out as we expected. We're executing according to our plans and we're well-positioned for the balance of the year. Before I get into the business highlights for the quarter, let me give you a quick update on where we are with our pending acquisition of Life Technologies, which we announced in April. As I mentioned during our Analyst Meeting back in May, we appointed the integration leaders and the planning is now in full swing. The teams from both companies are working together well, and they're making great progress. As we move forward, we're really energized about the opportunities we see for the combined company. In terms of additional progress we've made to date, we secured a significant portion of our debt and equity financing, which we announced during the quarter, and Pete will give you more of those details. We're also making progress on the regulatory front, and we continue to expect that we'll complete the transaction early in 2014. Now I'll turn to some of the business highlights for Q2 using our 3 key growth drivers as a framework: they are technology innovation, our value proposition and presence in emerging markets. First, it was an exceptional quarter for innovation. As you know, we basically stole the show at the American society of Mass Spectrometry this year with the launch of 3 new mass spec platforms that have the potential to revolutionize the way our customers work. Customer applications are evolving all the time, getting more and more sophisticated as the knowledge base expands. That leads them to push the limits of their experiments and the performance of their instruments. This is probably most obvious in life sciences research, where our customers want to analyze increasingly complex biological samples. So we combined the best of the best of Thermo Scientific mass analyzers; our flagship, Orbitrap; our linear ion trap and our triple quad platforms and the result was an entirely new class of instrument that we launched at ASMS, the Orbitrap Fusion Tribrid. With this extremely high-resolution system, customers can perform analysis that were previously not possible. For example, cell biologist can conduct experiments in parallel for faster and deeper analysis of proteomes and up to a twofold increase in low-level protein identification. The Orbitrap Fusion has the potential to dramatically change the way experiments are run and that can greatly accelerate the pace of life sciences research. We also redesigned our triple stage quadrupole systems to boost performance and ease-of-use. The Quantiva provides the absolutely lowest levels of detections for toxicology, food and environmental testing, while the Endura provides maximum up time and throughput in forensics, pharma QA/QC and other applied markets. Since many of our customers use both our hybrid and triple quad technologies in their labs, we also made it easier to integrate these platforms and manage all the data. In fact, we launched a suite of 10 new software packages at ASMS. All of these systems have been very well received by our customers. One last point on innovation. We're very pleased that Thermo Fisher was once again recognized by R&D Magazine on its list of the year's top 100 technologies, but this was the first time that we actually won 5 awards for our Thermo Scientific products. Our winners include TruNarc handheld drug analyzer, the iS50 and iCAP Q spectrometers, along with our Dionex ICS-4000 and the EASY-Spray accessory for our chromatography portfolio. It's clear to see that our commitment to innovation is creating value for our customers and contributing to our growth. Let me spend a few minutes on our value proposition, our second key growth driver, and give you some examples that highlight the clear advantages it gives us with our customers. I've already talked about mass spec in the context of innovation, but let me add here that one of the reasons we're so successful in building this franchise is that we've established deep relationships with our customers, and we've done that by partnering with them over the years to deliver a value proposition that only Thermo Fisher can provide. This is evident in the research and scientific community, which has contributed significantly to strengthening our position in mass spec, but it's also increasingly evident in Applied Markets, where our customers in food safety, for example, are turning to us first because of our unique depth of capabilities in chromatography. Another example is our Specialty Diagnostics business. A long-term customer, Roche, recently extended our partnership in the area of biomarkers. They renewed a new long-term contract with us to use our PCT assay for sepsis on their instrument systems outside the United States. Our widely recognized value proposition is very instrumental in helping us open the door to new potential opportunities as well. For example, during my trip to China during the quarter, I had the chance to meet with the party secretary of one of the key provinces and his staff. We discussed extensively how Thermo Fisher's mission is aligned with the primary societal issues in China. He was amazed of the value proposition I described and how we're able to address the country's most pressing needs in health care, the environment and food safety. That's a good segue to emerging markets, the third element of our growth strategy. In short, Asia-Pacific was very strong for us again this quarter. Our teams in China delivered outstanding growth, well above 20%, which is the 8th quarter in a row of 20% or more organic growth. Although our core industrial markets remained weak in the region, we're seeing very good growth in healthcare and Applied Markets. This is particularly benefiting our mass spec, chromatography and air quality product lines. To build on our capabilities in the region and support continued growth, we invested about $10 million to establish a new China Innovation and Technology Training Center in Shanghai, which we opened in Q2. The new center will significantly expand product engineering and development to meet the specific needs of our Asia-Pacific customers. The facility will also support the training of a couple thousands customers every year and the use of our analytical instruments and other technologies, a real differentiator that will help us fuel future organic growth. In other emerging markets, our business in Brazil benefited again this quarter from the government stimulus project. This continued our momentum in the country, which delivered double-digit growth again this quarter. Turning now to our guidance. We're updating both our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance for the year as you saw in our press release. Pete will get into the details, but at a high-level, we're updating our revenue range to reflect the increased headwinds we're experiencing from currency exchange rates, which are partially offset by our solid operating performance. We now expect to deliver between $12.83 billion and $12.95 billion in 2013. This will result in 3% to 4% growth for the year that we previously communicated. In terms of our adjusted EPS guidance, we're raising the low end by $0.02. This primarily reflects our solid operating performance in the first 6 months of the year and some offset from currency exchange and a slightly higher share count. Our adjusted EPS growth remains at 7% to 9% over last year. So before I turn the call over to Pete, let me summarize the key takeaways for the quarter. Overall, our end markets played out as we expected and our solid execution led to good growth at the top and bottom line. We delivered a solid first half that puts us in an excellent position to achieve our growth goals for the year. We have a lot to look forward to as we continue to reap the benefits of our commitment to innovation, leveraging our value proposition and expanding in emerging markets. We now have the opportunity to build on these strengths through our pending acquisition of Life Technologies and are excited about the value this transaction will create for our customers and shareholders alike. Now I'll turn it over to Pete. Pete?
Peter M. Wilver: Thanks, Marc. Good morning, everyone. I'll start with an overview of our financial performance for the total company, provide some color on each of our 3 segments, update you on our recent financing actions to fund the Life Technologies acquisition and then conclude with our guidance. As you saw in our press release, we delivered a solid quarter of top and bottom line results, resulting in an 8% increase in adjusted EPS to $1.32. GAAP EPS in Q2 was $0.76, up 21% from $0.63 in Q2 last year. Looking at the top line, Q2 total revenue increased 4% year-over-year and we delivered 2% organic growth. Q2 reported revenue includes 2% growth from acquisitions and a nominal negative impact from foreign exchange. Although the revenue impact of FX in the quarter was minimal, as a result of the mix of currencies, primarily weakening of the Japanese yen, the earnings impact was significant, resulting in about 50 basis points of adjusted operating margin dilution and $0.04 or 3% of adjusted EPS dilution year-over-year. Bookings were slightly less than revenue in the quarter, but bookings grew organically in all 3 segments. By geography, North America declined in the low single digits. Europe grew in the mid-single digits, and consistent with previous quarters, Asia-Pacific grew in the high single digits, with China once again delivering very strong growth of over 20%. Rest-of-world grew in the high single digits as well. Looking at our operational performance, Q2 adjusted operating income was up 6% and adjusted operating margin was 19.3%, up 30 basis points from the prior year. We continue to have very strong contribution from our productivity and cost actions, which was partially offset by foreign exchange as I mentioned previously. We initiated another $10 million of restructuring actions this quarter to help offset some of the FX headwind we're experiencing. This brings the total amount of restructuring benefit we expect to realize this year to $85 million when combined with the $75 million of benefit from restructuring actions that we initiated and communicated in previous quarters. In total, we realized about $24 million of benefit from these actions in Q2 and about $45 million in the first half of the year. We continue to make strategic investments to drive growth this quarter, primarily in emerging markets to strengthen our global presence and to continue our growth momentum there. Moving on to the details of the P&L, total company adjusted gross margin came in at 44.2% in Q2, down 50 basis points from the prior year, primarily as a result of unfavorable foreign exchange and the medical device tax, partially offset by contribution from acquisitions. As I mentioned, we delivered very strong productivity in the quarter, which was driven by our primary productivity levers, global sourcing, site consolidations and our PPI business system. Adjusted SG&A in Q2 was 22% of revenue, down 60 basis points from the 2012 quarter as a result of volume leverage and our restructuring actions. And finally, R&D expense came in at 3% of revenue, essentially in line with the prior year. Below the line, net interest expense in Q2 was $57 million, $7 million above last year as a result of the debt we issued in Q3 2012 to fund the One Lambda acquisition. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 15.6%, consistent with our previous guidance and 160 basis points lower than last year as a result of acquisition tax synergies and our ongoing tax planning efforts. In terms of returning capital, we paid out $54 million in dividends to our shareholders in the quarter. As we discussed on the Q1 call, we've suspended our buyback program in light of our pending acquisition of Life Technologies. So there were no share buybacks in the quarter. Average diluted shares were 363.5 million in Q2, down 5.7 million or 2% from last year, reflecting the benefit of our previous share buyback programs. However, our share count is up by 1.8 million shares from Q1, primarily as a result of option dilution. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Year-to-date cash flow from continuing operations was $778 million and free cash flow was $650 million after deducting net capital expenditures of $128 million. Year-to-date free cash flow was down from the prior year, primarily as a result of increased working capital investment. As expected, we also expended $58 million on fees associated with the financing of our pending acquisition of Life Technologies, which lowered free cash flow in the quarter. We anticipate that our working capital performance will improve in the second half of the year, although our full-year results will be negatively impacted by the financing fees, which were not included in our previous full year outlook for free cash flow. We ended the quarter with $1.4 billion in cash and investments, up $405 million sequentially from Q1, driven by our free cash flow. Our total debt at the end of Q2 was $7.1 billion, essentially flat with Q1. Now let me wrap up my comments on the total company with a quick update on our return on invested capital performance. Our trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC through the second quarter of 2013 was 9.7%, up another 10 basis points from Q1 so we continue to make good progress on return on invested capital. So with that, now I'll walk you through the performance of our 3 business segments. Starting with Analytical Technologies. In Q2, total revenue grew 4% and organic revenue also increased 4%. We saw a strong growth in our BioProcess Production business again this quarter, as well as in our chromatography and mass spec business, which benefited from strong performance in China. This was partially offset by the softness we continue to see in our core industrial markets, which are more highly represented in this segment. Adjusted operating income in Analytical Technologies increased 5% and adjusted operating margin was 17.7%, up 30 basis points. During the quarter, we delivered very strong productivity, which was partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange and strategic investments. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics segment. In Q2, total revenue grew 8% and organic growth was 2%. We continued to deliver very good growth in our clinical diagnostics business, and Europe is starting to stabilize across the segment. However, we did see some softness in the segment due to lower healthcare utilization in the U.S., as Marc mentioned. Adjusted operating income in the segment increased 9% in Q2, with adjusted operating margin at 27.3%, up 10 basis points from the prior year, primarily as a result of productivity savings, acquisitions and favorable mix. This was partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange, strategic investments and the medical device tax. In the Laboratory Products and Services segment, total revenue and organic growth -- organic revenue both grew 3%. Our clinical trials logistics business continued to deliver strong growth and our laboratory consumables business had good growth as well. Muted conditions in the U.S. academic and government end market, as a result of sequestration, continue to be a significant headwind in this segment. Adjusted operating income in Laboratory Products and Services grew 3% and adjusted operating margin was 14.5%, up 10 basis points, driven by improved productivity, offset partially by strategic investments. Before I move on to 2013 guidance, I want to provide a brief update on our activities to finance the Life Technologies acquisition. As a reminder, we put in place a fully committed $12.5 billion bridge loan facility when we announced the transaction with the intent to reduce the amount of that facility as we secure more permanent forms of financing. To date, we have secured $7.5 billion of permanent financing, which consists of a $5 billion term loan facility, which allows for LIBOR-based borrowings, and we don't expect to drop on this facility until we're ready to close the acquisition. So there are currently no funds borrowed, and therefore, no related interest expense at this point, and $2.5 billion of equity via forward sales of Thermo Fisher common shares. As a forward transaction, no shares have been issued yet so there's no impact to our share count, except for a slight amount of treasury stock method dilution based on our shares trading above the forward price. We expect to issue the related shares just before we close the acquisition. With these 2 financing arrangements in place, we've reduced our bridge commitment by $7.5 billion and we'll reduce the bridge facility to 0 once we've secured the rest of the financing. At this point, we expect the remainder of the financing will consist of $3.5 billion to $4 billion in debt, which will most likely be in the form of bonds and up to $750 million of equity or equity-linked securities, the amount of which will be dependent on our available cash upon closing the transaction. We'll continue to update you as we finalize these financing arrangements. In terms of the average interest rate on new debt, although rates have gone up a bit, we still expect our average rate to be at or below our previously communicated average of 3.25% to 3.5%. So with that, I'd like to review the details of our 2013 guidance. Please note that as I mentioned on our Q1 call, our 2013 earnings guidance does not include the acquisition of Life Technologies or the impact of related financing activities. In terms of our reported revenue guidance, many foreign currencies, specifically in the Asia-Pacific region have weakened further since our previous guidance and we now expect an additional $50 million of revenue headwind from foreign exchange for the year. On the organic revenue front, we're raising the low end of our organic growth guidance by $40 million based on our year-to-date performance, which offsets a portion of the FX headwind. That results in a narrower guidance range, as well as a $20 million increase in the midpoint of our organic growth, but we're still expecting 2% organic growth for the year at the midpoint. The net result on reported revenue is that we're lowering the high-end of our guidance by $50 million for FX and the low end by only $10 million, which leads to our new range of $12.83 billion to $12.95 billion. This range represents reported growth of 3% to 4% over 2012, which is unchanged from our previous guidance. Completed acquisitions are expected to contribute about 1.5% to our reported revenue growth in 2013, no change from our previous guidance and we now expect foreign exchange to have a negative impact on our top line of about 3/4 of 1%, which as I mentioned, has deteriorated since our previous guidance. The bottom line impact from FX on our full year is even more significant and is now expected to result in 30 basis points of adjusted operating margin dilution and $0.11 or 2% of adjusted EPS dilution year-over-year. In terms of our adjusted EPS guidance, we're raising the low end and tightening our previous range by $0.02, in line with our new revenue range. This results in our new adjusted EPS guidance range of $5.29 to $5.39 or 7% to 9% growth over 2012. To bridge the midpoint, which is up $0.01 versus our previous guidance, we lost about $0.03 as a result of the FX headwinds and another $0.01 as a result of a slightly higher share count due to the equity forward accounting. This was more than offset by improved operating performance, which contributed about $0.04 and a slightly lower tax rate, which added another $0.01. Consistent with past practice, we haven't attempted to forecast future foreign currency exchange rates and our guidance does not include any future acquisitions or divestitures. Turning to adjusted operating margin. We're expecting expansion of 30 to 50 basis points, consistent with our previous guidance, and moving below the line, we're expecting net interest expense to be consistent with our previous guidance. We're forecasting our adjusted income tax rate to be at about 14.5% at the low-end of our previous guidance, and we're assuming that we'll return a total of about $310 million of capital to shareholders, composed of $90 million in share buybacks that we completed in Q1 and about $220 million in dividends for the full year, unchanged from our previous guidance. Full-year average diluted shares are estimated to be in the range of 364 million to 366 million, about 1 million shares higher than our previous guidance, as a result of the equity forward accounting, as I mentioned earlier. Finally, we expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $300 million to $315 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion, which was $100 million lower than our previous guidance, primarily as a result of financing fees and transaction cost associated with our pending acquisition of Life Technologies. In interpreting our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance ranges as I said in the past, you should focus on our midpoint as our most likely view of how we see the year playing out. Results above or below the midpoint will depend on the relative strength of our markets during the year as well as the economic factors we've discussed. In summary, we once again managed through the macro environment, executed well and delivered good growth in revenue and adjusted EPS. With half the year behind us, I believe we're well-positioned to meet our full year goals. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jon Groberg of Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Marc, I just wanted to focus a little on the government and academic because it sounds like, if I heard you correctly, overall, you saw some growth in the quarter, and I think it was down in the first quarter. So I just wanted to get a little bit more insight geographically kind of how you saw things change, and maybe in the U.S., how much of a headwind that's being on the LP&S (sic) [LPS] business right now. And in China, maybe how much it's growing, given the industrial business is down.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So Jon, essentially, the end markets, the conditions are the same, the academic and government. The nuance in the quarter was we had our first full quarter of sequestration, right? So you had it slightly weaker in the U.S. That was offset by a little bit of strength in the markets outside the U.S. so we reported slight growth, but I wouldn't read much of a trend or change from what we saw in previous quarters. In terms of where you see the headwind most, as you mentioned correctly, lab products and services are going to have the largest exposure to the U.S. academic and government proportion so that's where the headwind would be the most significant.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: And just to be clear, is that --- how much of a headwind is that right now to the life -- to the LPS business?
Peter M. Wilver: It's probably in the range of 1% to 2% for that segment.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on your comments on life, Marc, I'm guessing you're spending a lot of time getting to know the business quite a bit better, the products, end markets and customers. And I'm just curious, as you kind of you look through and think of the potential, the combined in proteomics and genomics, and what you both have in forensics and opportunities in bio production. I just -- I don't know, as dig into it, do you have any kind of further thoughts or some of your early discussions with customers about where you think there's some -- what's getting you even more excited, I think, was your comment on the call.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. Since our last update, which was at the Analyst Meeting, we have -- our integration teams are really in the full action mode at this point. So I've had an opportunity to interact with several thousand of our soon-to-be new colleagues at life technologies through Town Halls, and at the same point, really get to know the integration teams and their progress. We're excited, I mean, obviously about what the potential is in the future and the feedback we get from our customers. Obviously, we're still 2 separate companies, but the feedback we're getting kind of inbound calls has been very, very, very positive. And I think there's great opportunities in the life science research area over time when you think about the workflows that have an intersection between proteomics and genomics. I actually thought that at the Analyst Meeting, the microbiologists that we had talked, give you a good example of how their work has both genomics and proteomics and literally side by side in dealing with the challenges of infection in the healthcare system so I thought that was a good example that our collaborator in the U.K. highlighted that particular venue.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Brennan of Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just wanted to get a little more clarity on the Pharma customer base for you. It certainly continues to perform quite well, maybe just 2 questions there. Number one, anything notable, Marc and Pete, on kind of spending patterns in the quarter? You can hear some rumblings already this quarter about maybe some capital budget restraints as we end -- kind of get towards the end of the quarter. I'm just wondering in your high single digit growth kind of, any further clarity you can provide on the pacing and/or the dynamics underneath that.
Marc N. Casper: Pharma has been really strong for us. It's clear that we're continuing to gain share, which we have for a number of quarters. We've seen really good strength across the portfolio, obviously, highlighted by our clinical trials logistics business, where our value proposition is just -- is really is phenomenal in terms of the ability to have a very high quality offering that reduces our customers' costs, and we are benefiting from our BioProcess Production capabilities, which is coming from demand for vaccines and bio-therapeutics from around the world. In terms of the pattern for the quarter, no. In fact, the quarter ended fairly strong for us so we feel good about the pacing of the orders, and we thought that gave us confidence that when we thought about our guidance for the year that we have slightly raised the organic outlook on the low end as we post solid for 6 months behind us.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And then maybe one more customer question, Marc and Pete, just in terms of industrial. I know you said things kind of trended as you expected in the quarter, but since that business is the one that you've incorporated the biggest headwind within your full year guidance, just interested to hear kind of anything notable kind of within pacing or geographic on industrial just -- if it's spot in line or are there any kind of opportunity maybe to see some improvement in industrial as -- while China is weak and the rest of the world looks like we're gaining some traction.
Marc N. Casper: So Dan, in terms of industrial, in the industrial and applied markets, we were down low single digits, which was similar to last quarter. It was actually at the low-end of our expectations in terms of the end market. We have not seen the inflection point in the core industrials. So we continue to remain cautious on the outlook. And to give you a little bit more flavor or color, on the core industrial side, we had good strength in molecular spectroscopy, which is primarily a result of strong new products that we've launched over the last 18 months or so. But in certain parts of the industrial segments, driven primarily by commodity materials, pretty weak. Examples there would be portable instruments used for scrap metal sorting would be a weak end market right now. And then on the applied side, we continue to see pockets of strength, and that's helping offset some of the weakness in core industrial.
Operator: Our next question is from Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You made a comment on the health care channel about a little bit of a slowdown there, and I guess, we -- going back to Q2 '09 when you had a bigger slowdown there, I'm just wondering if you can talk in your visibility. I don't think it's anything close to the de-stocking issues you had before, but can you talk about your visibility in the healthcare channel and maybe just elaborate on the comments you made?
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So Tyco, for the quarter, in aggregate, the conditions were incredibly similar to Q1, right? So the performance was almost identical, but we did provide a little more color because as we look at the broad healthcare industry, there's clearly, in the U.S., some headwinds that aren't particularly significant, but there's a little bit of a headwind on utilization, and we saw that nicely offset by some strength in Europe, really, Europe is stabilizing for us and continued momentum in emerging markets. So we provided a little bit more color, but the results in terms of organic growth in that customer set was pretty much identical between Q1 and Q2.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then on the new mass spec systems, can you help us just think about the sizing and the market opportunity for the Orbitrap, the new fusion and the 2 triple quads? And these things always take a couple of quarters to gain traction, but when do you think those start to actually have some impact on revenues?
Marc N. Casper: So the triple quad market is one of the largest, if not, the largest market in mass spectrometry. We're one of 4 participants in that market that have been in that market forever, and we're the company now with the new systems, right? So we have 2 new systems launched, and that will allow for both the replacement cycle for our current customers and a share gain opportunity for taking share from other competitors. On the Orbitrap Tribrid product, the Fusion, we're very excited. Actually, the feedback from our collaborators have been incredibly positive, and it's a little early to call how big it will be, but I would say that when I thought about the enthusiasm I have for the Q Exactive a couple of years ago and said that was going to be a whole new category of instruments, that was clearly the case and I would say my early read on the feedback is that this could be very significant in 2014. We clearly -- we're already starting to ship the product so it's not as if it's all in the future, but I think this can be a really significant growth driver 6 months out from now with some nice momentum in the short term.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And last quick one on life, have you guys filed in China at this point for anti-trust? And then secondly, as we think about the integration, how easy are things like PPI to transfer over to their business and how easy is it with the life products in your catalog? Can you just talk about some of those metrics as well?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so the integration team, so I'd do that one first, then we'll go to regulatory. So from an integration team perspective, in terms of getting the right products on the right e-commerce platform and then the right training, the right commercial teams for that, that stuff is all being thought through, and that will get metered out over the first year or 2. If you look at how we phased our synergies, revenue synergies typically really start to roll in, in year 2 and 3. Cost synergies start on day 1. So there's a little bit of time, and obviously, we try to shorten that window as much as we can, but we feel very confident with our ability to not only successfully integrate the business, but drive good growth out of it. In terms of the regulatory process, we are continuing to go through that process. It's going according to our expectations. We're still anticipating exactly as we have before that we're going to close early in 2014 and we don't really comment on the specific filings and the nuances of where we are with those things, but it's going according to the plans we've laid out.
Operator: Our next question is from Ross Muken of ISI Group.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: On Europe, we got some decent PMI data today. I know most of the weakness you've seen has been more so focused on the Specialty Diagnostics business for Phadia. I mean, as we think about sort of the general trajectory there in the region, if we do get sort of a modest recovery, or at least, a modest return to growth overall, what's the correlation between that and some of those businesses that have struggled and maybe have been more reimbursement or utilization related? And what are you sort of assuming for that in the back half of the year in terms of growth?
Marc N. Casper: So when we looked at the quarter, our Specialty Diagnostics business, which has a significant exposure to Europe primarily because of our immuno diagnostics business, which as you mentioned, we definitely saw a stabilization there. So we -- and the question is, is it one quarter or is it the beginning of a trend? And that's hard to tell, but we're watching it closely and we were happy with the stabilization that we saw. Now in terms of what we're assuming in our outlook for the full year, we really haven't changed the geographic outlook particularly significantly. We thought about it more from an end market perspective as we look at the remainder of the year, Ross.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And maybe just on China, you guys have done a tremendous job there. There's been a lot of noise. I mean, you kind of talked about it. One of the prior questions in terms of some of the commodity-related businesses, industrial-related businesses being softer, but as you think about sort of the go-forward, I mean, today, there was a big piece about them continuing to do hospital reform. It seems like healthcare and the multinationals are investing. I mean, as you try to put all the pieces together of your performance versus sort of the perception of what's going on in that market, where do you feel like the biggest disconnect is to where you're kind of insulated from maybe some of the concerns that people have had?
Marc N. Casper: So when you look at our business in China, we're using our scale to our advantage, right? We have manufacturing. We have an R&D center. We have multiple training centers. We have a business headquartered there. We're closing in quickly on 3,000 colleagues. We recruit from the best universities. We are clearly very well-positioned in the market, and that's helping us drive significant growth, having quite a number of quarters of 20%-plus growth and this being one of our stronger quarters that we've had. When I look at why, so that's sort of our strategy, but we're very well aligned with the societal needs and the 5-year plan, right, which is around environmental protection, food safety and expanding health care capabilities, particularly in the west. And while I mentioned in my prepared remarks, to get multiple hours with an entire government for 100 million people in a province to really talk about our capabilities and their challenges and what the opportunities are for alignment, gives you a sense of the importance, even though they brought up in the dialogue that, yes, the industrial economy in their own province is a little bit weaker, right, and that has an effect on their GDP growth, but nonetheless, they thought it's important enough to actually talk through what we could do and collaborate together to really meet their needs on their own priorities as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just sort of want to follow-up on Tyco's question on Specialty Diagnostics. I mean you -- basically, over the last couple of quarters, you've seen organic revenue growth go from 6% in Q4, 4% last quarter, 2% this quarter. I'm just wondering how we should think about that business on a go-forward basis. And just given that, particularly, since the next couple of quarters, the comps actually get tougher on that from an organic basis. Can you just help us think about what's going on the overall dynamics of that business?
Marc N. Casper: I think it's always most helpful to think about what the long-term trends are for that business as opposed to the next 2 quarters. And my view is in the long-term, given the portfolio and the societal needs for our products, that's a solid mid-single-digit growth business for us, and we feel good about that in the midterm outlook. In terms of the comparison, yes, you're right, we have tougher comparisons, and I would say that we're not expecting significant changes in the organic growth in the second half of the year in Specialty Diagnostics, nothing particularly meaningful.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great, and then just one quick follow up on this. It's like so what do you see in terms of your plans for Specialty Diagnostics business once you have the Life Technologies capabilities there? I mean, what sort of -- I mean, how much do you intend to expand this business? What are sort of some of the augments you can do with the life portfolio?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so I think -- let me talk through it from a couple of perspectives. Let me step back one level, which is our priority post-close is to successfully integrate Life Technologies, maximize the value for our customers and deliver on the expectations for our shareholders. So when we think about our priorities, it's going to be around organic growth, and we do see really great capabilities of leveraging the infrastructure that we have in Specialty Diagnostics to continue the theme that we've had for many, many years, which is taking life sciences tools and moving them into clinical applications and I think that when you look at the portfolio of Life Technologies and you look at next-gen sequencing and you look at QPCR, you think about our own mass spectrometry, there are a number of great technologies that can be moved into the clinic and some are already happening, and I think you'll see us continue to leverage those capabilities to drive growth over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel of Cowen and Company.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I have, I guess, a couple of questions on the separation analysis market. So let me just run through those, and I'll get back into the queue. So early data from a couple of your competitors in mass spec suggests the market's growing at mid-single-digit to high-single-digit levels. Would you agree with that and what are you seeing at different product classes and end markets? And then on the liquid chromatography front, are there any changes in competitive dynamics or notable changes in demand patterns, either on the QA/QC or non-QA/QC front? And are you confidently gaining share via Dionex and if so, should we view this as an example of how you can gain share via both growing breadth and innovation in line with the 2 -- I guess, 2 of 3 components of your value proposition?
Marc N. Casper: That's very well said, Doug. I have to go back to the transcript and put that on my script next time. Let's do the second half first, which is about chrome and the value proposition. We had a very strong quarter in our chromatography business. HPLC did very well, and while all of the competitors haven't reported yet, at least, from the early read, it looks like we gained share again. So that's a good thing, and I think customers respect our technology, the great people that we have and the fact that we have incredible commercial reach, all right? I mean, we just have a huge scale sort of capabilities and our customers are very collaborative, right, so the great momentum in chromatography and food safety as an example, and that's a good area to highlight. So we feel good about the momentum in HPLC. In terms of the market growth, on mass spectrometry, I mean, it's somewhere in the mid to high single digits. I think that seems like a reasonable assumption. We feel good about our performance. We're particularly excited about the new products that we launched, and feel like that positions us for continued momentum going out into the balance of this year and into 2014.
Operator: Our next question is from Brandon Couillard of Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Pete, could you parse out the puts and takes around the gross margin experience in the quarter between mix, currency, acquisitions and productivity? I'm assuming the medical device tax was still around, I don't know, 15 basis points of headwind, but what exactly changes in the second half to get you towards the operating margin expansion goal for the year?
Peter M. Wilver: Well, so I'll do it at the EBITDA margin expansion level rather than gross margins just because the numbers are more relevant probably to our full-year guidance of 30 to 50 basis points. In the quarter, we had, as I said, 50 basis points of FX dilution. We actually had over 200 basis points of productivity, which is consistent with what we've had in the past and even net of inflation, we were still over 100 basis points. We spent about 80 basis points on investments, which I said in my comments, is really around emerging markets, and then we got 50 basis points of benefit from acquisitions, which is really around our One Lambda acquisition, which really performed very well in the quarter. That's what nets down to the 30 basis points. For the full year, the numbers aren't dramatically different than that other than, obviously, FX. The acquisition will be only for basically 3 quarters of the year. FX is around 30 basis points for the full year and then the productivity and investments, I would assume, is about the same numbers in the full year bridge.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And then Marc, I realize Japan's a relatively small market for you, but could you speak to how that market performed, and in particular, did you see any impact from any stimulus-related orders yet?
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So in terms of Japan, you're right. It's not a huge market for us, but given our scale, we actually have a large organization there. It grew in line with the company a little better than the company average. I would say that we have seen some meaningful orders on the stimulus, and those should translate into revenue in the second half of the year, which is clearly a good thing.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Arias of UBS.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Pete, any change on the yen assumption for the year relative to last quarter?
Peter M. Wilver: It's deteriorated a little bit. We're now using an assumption of 100.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe, Marc, to follow-up on the China question, as we get these sort of up-and-down macro data points and kind of go back and forth on whether we're doing better or worse. Are you finding that ordering patterns at all move with the macro sentiment intra-quarter, or for the most part, is spending fairly smooth? I mean, clearly, the growth speaks for itself there, but I'm trying to get a sense of whether you do see any fluctuation maybe month-to-month?
Marc N. Casper: We've had incredibly stable business in aggregate in China for the last few years, right. So we haven't noticed particularly big patterns in the quarter. So we had a very strong quarter, well over 20% growth. I was in the quarter in -- I was in China in late May, early June, and the business was doing -- was kind of about that rate then and it obviously finished then. So we saw a nice stability in terms of the strong momentum. So we clearly read the headlines that we see about -- there is ups and downs, but at least in the end markets that we're serving in aggregate, they continue to be strong and quite stable.
Operator: Our next question is from Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just want to ask a little bit about market share trends and specifically, with regards to trends in LPS, I think earlier, in your comments, you did mention that you saw some broad market share gains in the business, and that's been in the last few quarters, of course. And if you look at the sales funnel, going forward, do you think it's possible that you could see continuation or acceleration in those share gains? Or is it fair to say that over the last 12 or 18 months, you've been unusually strong on the market share front?
Marc N. Casper: Yes. My view is that we like our prospects, and we feel like our value proposition's such that it will continue to deliver good organic growth for us going forward. So we're not assuming big changes in the end markets. We're not assuming big changes in our performance, meaning that the share gain momentum we have, we expect it to continue, right? And as obviously when we think about our guidance range, stronger end markets mean we'll raise our aspirations and weaker end markets means we'll come in more in the lower end of things so that we try to drive that same steady share gain momentum, and the variable change is just what are the market conditions.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sure. And then just one follow-up, sort of a big picture question, if you look broadly at your portfolio, can you maybe comment as to what percentage of your products and services are purchased via maybe a centralized procurement method and maybe what percentage are purchased by the individual user? And the reason I ask is I'm trying to just assess kind of how that modality will change post life.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so in terms of -- it's a very tricky question because it's always collaborative, right. There are some customers that the end user just buys it with very little business insight, and there are others that business has a heavier weighing, but people don't buy things without the end-user involved. I would say my best estimate of the customer base that is more heavily business-oriented is very much in the biopharma area. It's going to be your biggest area. So that represents 25% of our revenue and a meaningful proportion, the business community plays a significant role. And when you look at the mix, it doesn't change all that much when you combine the company in terms of the exposure.
Operator: Our next question is from Amit Bhalla of Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Pete, a question for you on some of the cost actions. You've added some incremental cost actions in each of the first 2 quarters. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about the remainder of the year, and any incremental cost savings you're assuming to put in place in 3 and 4Q?
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, so the $10 million that we put in place this year -- or excuse me, this quarter, brings the total for the year to $85 million. So those are actions that we didn't actually shut down the factories in this quarter or do the restructuring actions there. They will actually be executed in Q3 and Q4. So that's when we'll realize the benefits. We're expecting $85 million for the full year. We've realized $45 million through the first half, so that would say we're going to get around $20 million a quarter for the rest of the year.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I guess, anything you're seeing that would make you put additional cost savings in place? That's the [indiscernible].
Peter M. Wilver: Well, certainly, we've continued to put cost actions in place and primarily because of the FX headwind. So we're trying to offset the negative impact of the FX headwinds. So at this point, we're not expecting that to deteriorate further. If our markets deteriorated further and/or FX deteriorated further, then we would potentially put more actions in place, but at this point, we don't have any plans to do that.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great, and just on pricing, any comments you can give just on the global environment for pricing, and if there's anything notable within diagnostics?
Peter M. Wilver: So it's very similar to this quarter to what it's been in previous quarters. The split in pricing between consumables and equipment, it's stronger on consumables and relatively weak on equipment, somewhere between 0% and 0.5% net for the total company. Specifically, in diagnostics, it's probably around that same range. I mean, obviously, that's the consumables business for the most part so we do get some price in that business.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: I just wonder if you could provide a little bit more color regarding your business in China. And just maybe remind us, what it looks like in China compared to your overall business in light of some of your comments regarding the LC and mass spec, seeing some strength there, and also in light of maybe some industrial slowdown going on in China these days.
Marc N. Casper: So when you think about the end markets in China, the LC and mass spec, clearly used very heavily in food safety, used in the academic settings for life sciences research, which are the big drivers and the other big business we obviously have there is environmental, which the minute you get off the airplane, in China, you realize that the environmental opportunity is huge, which is why the business is actually headquartered in China. Healthcare is a strong growing market for us as well. Industrial has been weak now for quite some time, as infrastructure build hasn't been particularly strong. So those businesses have felt the softening, but we've been able to power through that softening, actually deliver very consistent, strong, 20% or better organic growth now for the last couple of years.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: Is the mix in your business in China, is it any different than the overall company really?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, I mean, the answer is yes. There's going to be less exposure in aggregate lab products and services and Specialty Diagnostics, more exposure to the Analytical Technologies portion.
Operator: Our last question is from Jeff Elliott of Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: When you look at the clinical trials logistics business, where do you think we're at in terms of the overall shift towards outsourcing? And what do think the long-term growth prospects are for that business?
Marc N. Casper: We feel good about the prospects for our clinical trials logistics business. In fact, we delivered very strong growth now consistently for quite a few quarters, and feel like there's still a huge amount of in-house activity that goes on in biopharma that allows us to continue to drive significant growth. So we feel like that business is well positioned for quite some time ahead, and it's been traditionally growing somewhere between the mid and high single digits on a fairly consistent basis. So let me just make a couple of quick closing comments. First of all, I want to just note that I am pleased with our solid first half performance. We remain confident that we'll continue our momentum to achieve our goals for the year. And we, of course, look forward to updating you on our progress in the Q3 call, and finally, thank you for the continued support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thanks for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Marc N. Casper - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Strategy & Finance Committee and Member of Science & Technology Committee Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Vamil Divan - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific 2013 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sharon and I will be your operator today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Pete Wilver, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note that this call is being webcast live, and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts and Presentations until May 17, 2013. A copy of the press release of our 2013 first quarter earnings and future expectations is available on our website under the heading Financial Results. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, under the caption, Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available in the Investors section of our website under the heading, SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also, during this call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our first quarter 2013 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading, Financial Information. So with that, I will now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc N. Casper: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our first quarter earnings call. We're very pleased to report a solid Q1, and we'll go through the business highlights in a few minutes as we usually do. But before I discuss the quarter, I want to spend a moment on our exciting announcement last week of our agreement to acquire Life Technologies. This acquisition represents the largest transaction for our company since the merger that created Thermo Fisher Scientific. It will make us an unrivaled leader in our industry, serving customers in research, Specialty Diagnostics and applied markets. Combining the leader in genomics with the leader in proteomics will establish technology and innovation leadership across key life sciences markets. The transaction also expands our commercial infrastructure and global presence, making us the ultimate partner for our customers. We're going out to Carlsbad next week to meet with the members of the Life Technologies team and begin the integration planning. As we said last Monday, we look forward to completing the transaction early in 2014. With that, I'll now move onto our Q1 results, starting with our financial performance, which is what we're focused on discussing today. As you read in our press release, we continued our trend of consistently delivering strong double-digit adjusted EPS growth in Q1. We had a 17% increase year-over-year that set a new record. Revenue was a first quarter record, growing 4% over last year. In terms of our adjusted operating income, we grew 7% with 40 basis points of operating margin expansion. So we performed well and in line with our expectations, even though the underlying market conditions were challenging. Two factors, in particular, created more pressure on the top line: first, sequestration took effect in the U.S. in early March, as we had assumed it would; and second, we haven't seen a recovery in global industrial markets. In fact, some have weakened. As a result of these factors, we've implemented some additional contingency actions. I am pleased to say that our teams executed very well to deliver solid performance in Q1. Let me briefly describe what we saw in our key end markets in the first 3 months of the year relative to the expectations we laid out for you during our last call. From an overall perspective, I would say that the dynamics in our key end markets played out at the lower end of what we factored into our guidance range for the year. Starting with academic and government, we're obviously now living in a world of sequestration. Our customers were bracing for it. We anticipated it and we planned for it. We saw a slight decline in Q1, and we continue to see the impact more in our capital equipment businesses and less so on the consumables side. Growth was also slightly negative in industrial and applied markets. Bookings softness continued, primarily in our businesses serving core industrial applications. However, we continue to see pockets of strength in applied markets. One example is the very strong demand for our products used in environmental applications, especially in China, and I'll give you more details on that in a few moments. Turning to health care and diagnostics. Our performance continues to be driven by strong demand for our novel biomarker tests and our clinical diagnostic products, and we saw some benefit from the flu as well. We grew here during Q1, in line with the company average. Last, pharma and biotech was the end market that once again really stood out for us in the quarter. Market conditions were fairly similar to what we've been seeing for quite some time, but our businesses serving this customer set performed extremely well. We grew here in the high single digits as we have for the past several quarters. Our clinical trials logistics business was the key contributor, with another outstanding quarter. It's clear that our outsourcing services are creating tremendous value for these customers. We also continued to see strength in our BioProcess Production business, driven by demand for our single-use technologies used to produce biotherapeutics, biosimilars and vaccines. Our outperformance in this end market contributed to our good top line growth for the quarter overall. So in summary, our teams executed very well in a challenging environment to ensure that we met our goals for growth. We continue to keep a sharp eye on costs so we can fund our key growth initiatives in technology innovation, our value proposition and expansion in emerging markets. I'll now use our 3 growth drivers as a framework to cover some of the many business highlights we had in Q1. I always like to start with technology innovation because it is the lifeblood of our company. Our leading portfolio of products and services gives us a unique value proposition for our customers, and we are committed to building on that. We had an excellent start to the year with a strong lineup of new Thermo Scientific products launched at Pittcon. There were numerous introductions across our Analytical Technologies platform, but I'll highlight just a few this morning. The most significant development was the new version of our Chromeleon chromatography data system, which you probably know is the industry's gold standard. We've now significantly raised the bar with Chromeleon 7.2, which allows our mass spectrometry and chromatography systems to be controlled on a single data platform for the first time. This is a huge advance for our customers because these instruments can now be linked across their enterprise so they can share vast amounts of data. This is a real benefit for large universities and pharmaceutical researchers who want to facilitate collaboration between laboratories. Turning to Applied Markets. We launched new elemental and spectroscopy systems that build on our leading platforms by adopting research-grade tools for use in any lab. We strengthened our highly successful iCAP elemental analysis platform with the launch of the new iCAP 7000. It incorporates a unique, high-resolution CID imager to detect lower levels of harmful trace elements such as lead, mercury and chromium. Customers need this level of sensitivity to meet increasingly strict global regulatory standards for food, drinking water and soil. Also making its Pittcon debut was the picoSpin 45 miniature NMR spectrometer, which is our first NMR product offering. In addition to Pittcon, we launched new products across our portfolio during the quarter. Let me mention 2 from our Specialty Diagnostics business. First, we introduced the Brilliance GBS test in Europe, which rapidly identifies Group B strep, a severe infection that can be passed from mother to baby during delivery. Another new test, the SureTect system, makes it easier for food safety laboratories to quickly detect bacterial pathogens in food products before they're released to the market. As you know, we're a company that's committed to innovation to help our customers meet their goals. This promises to be another excellent year on that front, and we're looking forward to announcing new breakthroughs at the upcoming American Society of Mass Spectrometry Conference in June. Our second key growth driver, our unique value proposition, comes from the combination of our leading technologies, our customer channels and our applications expertise. Let me give you a great recent example. Harvard Medical School has been a long-time customer of ours, mostly for our analytical instruments used in protein research. We're now collaborating with the university to establish the new Thermo Fisher Center for multiplexed proteomics, to accelerate progress in proteome analysis. Harvard Med will use our hybrid Orbitrap mass spectrometry systems and our protein reagents and kits to conduct the research. With our help, Harvard will also provide training courses to the scientific community to help foster growth of these important new methods in life science research. This is another example of how our customers rely on us as a partner to help them meet their goals for both innovation and productivity. Now let me turn to some of the highlights during the quarter in Asia-Pacific and emerging markets, our third key growth driver. As I mentioned earlier, we continued our excellent momentum in China, with our teams there delivering 20% growth in Q1. Our leading scale in the region is a key competitive advantage for us, and has resulted in some significant customer wins. Three markets, in particular, contributed to our Asia-Pacific performance in the quarter. First, environmental markets continue to be very strong, as the Chinese government expands its particulate air monitoring network to its Tier 2 cities. This has created significant new opportunities for our PM-2.5 particulate monitoring instruments. In addition, we're leading the market in meeting increasing needs for technologies that address heavy metals monitoring in water and soil as well. Second, the China Food and Drug Administration placed a large order for our Dionex Ultimate 3000 HPLC systems used for food safety testing. And third, we saw strong growth in our Specialty Diagnostics businesses in China as a result of our commercial focus on helping customers improve health care. For example, we're working closely with local hospitals to train them to use our biomarker test for diagnosing and treating sepsis. One last comment on emerging markets. We had strong growth in Brazil in Q1, driven by the recent approval of the country's government stimulus budget, which is fueling industrial markets and academic research. We're also seeing increased spending by the healthcare industry and this is reflected in our strong sales there to large testing labs. So to summarize, our growth strategy is clearly working, and our scale and unique depth of capabilities continues to differentiate us and give us new opportunities to gain share. Before I turn the call over to Pete, let me make some comments on our guidance for the year. At a high-level, we have these 2 new data points. First, we delivered good revenue and adjusted EPS growth in Q1; and second, we've decided to suspend share buybacks in light of our pending acquisition of Life Technologies, which will impact our adjusted EPS. Pete will get into the details, but the take away on our updated guidance is we're raising the low end of our revenue range by $40 million to reflect our good growth in Q1, resulting in 3% to 4% growth year-over-year, and we're updating our adjusted EPS range to reflect the suspension of our share buybacks and our updated revenue guidance. The new range will result in 7% to 9% growth over 2012. So to summarize, we had a solid quarter. Our teams executed well, in spite of the underlying market conditions, to deliver good top line growth and double-digit adjusted EPS performance. We're pleased that we carried our growth momentum into 2013 and we're very excited about our future outlook. With that, I'm going to turn the call over to Pete.
Peter M. Wilver: Thanks, Marc. Good morning, everyone. As Marc said, we had a solid Q1, driven largely by strong operational execution by our teams around the globe. I'm very pleased with our results this quarter given the macro environment. So I'll start with an overview of our financial performance for the total company, and then provide some color on each of our 3 segments before moving on to guidance. As you saw in our press release, we delivered another quarter of solid top and bottom line results with a 17% increase in adjusted EPS to a record of $1.37. GAAP EPS in Q1 was $0.93, up 24% from $0.75 in Q1 last year. Looking at the top line, Q1 total revenue increased 4% year-over-year and we delivered 3% organic growth. Q1 reported revenue includes 3% growth from acquisitions and a 1% headwind from FX. And as in some previous quarters, the revenue components I just mentioned do not sum due to rounding. In terms of bookings, we continued to strengthen our backlog, with bookings exceeding revenue by about 1% in the quarter. By geography, North America grew in the low single digits. Europe was just slightly negative, and consistent with previous quarters. Asia-Pacific grew in the high single digits, with China coming in very strong once again at over 20% growth. Rest of world grew in the mid-teens. Turning to the bottom line. Q1 adjusted operating income was up 7% and adjusted operating margin was 19.3%, up 40 basis points from the prior year. Once again, this quarter, we had very strong contribution from our productivity and cost actions, which was partially offset by unfavorable mix and foreign exchange, specifically the weakening of the Japanese yen. I told you on our Q4 call that we expected to realize $65 million of benefit this year from the $100 million restructuring program that we initiated in 2011 and the $75 million program that we initiated last year. And in March, as a result of sequestration being implemented in the U.S., we triggered an additional $10 million of contingency cost actions, which increases the total expected impact of restructuring actions in 2013 to $75 million. In total, we realized about $20 million of benefit from these actions in Q1. Consistent with last year, we made strategic investments this quarter, primarily in emerging markets to strengthen our global presence and continue our growth momentum there. Moving onto the details of the P&L. Total company adjusted gross margin came in at 44% in Q1, down 90 basis points from the prior year, primarily as a result of unfavorable mix and the medical device tax, partially offset by acquisitions. As I mentioned, we delivered very strong productivity in the quarter, which was driven by our primary productivity levers: Global sourcing, site consolidations and our PPI business system. Adjusted SG&A in Q1 was 21.7% of revenue, down 130 basis points from the 2012 quarter as a result of volume leverage and our restructuring actions. Finally, R&D expense came in at 3.1% of revenue, up 10 basis points from the prior year, primarily as a result of acquisitions. Below the line, net interest expense in Q1 was $57 million, $6 million above last year, as a result of the debt we issued in Q3 2012 to fund the One Lambda acquisition. Adjusted other income was $3 million, up $1 million year-over-year, primarily as a result of non-operating currency translation gains. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 11.7%, 590 basis points lower than last year, as a result of acquisition tax synergies and our ongoing tax planning efforts. And as planned, we recognized the benefit of both the full year 2012 and the first quarter 2013 R&D tax credits in the quarter. We also realized about $15 million of foreign tax credit benefit specific to Q1 that had already been included in our previous full-year guidance. In terms of return of capital, during the quarter, we spent $90 million to buy back 1.3 million shares of our stock, and paid out $54 million in dividends to our shareholders. Average diluted shares were 361.7 million in the quarter, down 8.4 million or 2% from last year, reflecting the benefit of our share buyback programs. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Cash flow from continuing operations was $299 million and free cash flow was $236 million after deducting net capital expenditures of $63 million. Free cash flow in Q1 was down from the prior year, primarily as a result of higher working capital investment from a low year end base. We anticipate working capital performance to improve throughout the year and haven't changed our full-year view. We ended the quarter with $1 billion of cash and investments, up $153 million from Q4, and our total debt at the end of Q1 was $7.12 billion, essentially flat with Q4. To wrap up my comments on the total company, I wanted to provide you with a quick update on our return on invested capital performance. Our trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC in the first quarter of 2013 was 9.6%, up 25 basis points from Q4. Given our recent acquisition of One Lambda in Q3 2012, this gives you an indication of the strength of returns in the underlying business. So with that, now I'll walk you through the performance of each of our 3 business segments. Before I get into the details, please note that during the quarter, we made a minor change in our segment reporting to better align like businesses within our segments. The full year impact results in a shift from Analytical Technologies to Laboratory Products and Services of around $100 million in revenue and $20 million in adjusted operating income. All prior period numbers have been restated and are detailed in the reconciliation package on our website. Starting with Analytical Technologies, in Q1, total revenue was flat and organic revenue increased 1%. In the quarter, we saw strong growth in our BioProcess Production, mass spec and air quality businesses. This is partially offset by the softness we've been experiencing in some of our industrial markets, which are more highly represented in this segment. Adjusted operating income in Analytical Technologies decreased 2% and adjusted operating margin was 18%, down 20 basis points. During the quarter, we delivered very strong productivity, which was offset by unfavorable product mix, strategic investments and foreign exchange. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics segment. In Q1, total revenue grew 2% and organic growth was 4%. We continued to deliver strong growth in our clinical diagnostics business, including biomarkers, and in general, we delivered good growth across the segment, and our microbiology and healthcare market channel businesses benefited from a strong flu season. In Q1, adjusted operating income in the segment increased 19% with adjusted operating margin at 27.5%, up 200 basis points from the prior year, primarily as a result of strong productivity, acquisitions and nice volume pull through. This was partially offset by strategic investments and the medical device tax. In the Laboratory Products and Services segment, total revenue grew 5% and organic revenue grew 3%. In the quarter, as Marc mentioned, our clinical trials logistics business continued to deliver strong growth, which was partially offset by continued weakness in our laboratory products businesses. As you know, the muted conditions in the academic and government end market are a big factor in this segment. Adjusted operating income in Laboratory Products and Services grew 3% and adjusted operating margin was 14.1%, down 20 basis points, driven by strategic investments and unfavorable mix. So with that, I'd like to review the details of our 2013 guidance. Please note that, as we stated in the press release, our 2013 guidance does not include the acquisition of Life Technologies or the impact of related financing activities. On the top line, with the quarter behind us, we're raising the low end of our revenue range by $40 million. This leads to a new revenue guidance range of $12.84 billion to $13.0 billion, which represents reported growth of 3% to 4%. On an organic basis, we're still guiding to growth of about 1% to 3%, consistent with our previous guidance. Completed acquisitions will contribute about 1.5% to our reported revenue growth in 2013, no change from our previous guidance. And the negative FX impact on our top line has deteriorated slightly to a little less than 0.5%. However, we're now expecting a more significant unfavorable bottom line impact from FX as a result of the mix of currencies, in particular, the weakening Japanese yen. Specifically, we're expecting an incremental FX headwind of approximately 20 basis points of margin and $0.07 on adjusted EPS versus our previous guidance. We plan to fully offset this with increased productivity, so we're not changing our margin or adjusted EPS guidance as a result of this headwind. Also, as we mentioned in the press release, we're suspending our share buyback program as a result of our recently announced acquisition of Life Technologies. We expect this to create another $0.07 headwind in our adjusted EPS versus our previous guidance, as a result of higher diluted shares. So to summarize the change in our full-year 2013 adjusted EPS guidance, we're decreasing both the high and low end of our range by $0.07 to reflect suspension of our buyback program, but importantly, we're maintaining our previous operational guidance and tightening the low end of the range by $0.02, consistent with the tightening of our revenue range. This results in a revised adjusted EPS guidance range of $5.27 to $5.39, which represents 7% to 9% growth over 2012. Consistent with past practice, we haven't attempted to forecast future foreign currency exchange rates, and our guidance does not include any future acquisitions or divestitures. Turning to adjusted operating margin. We're expecting expansion of 30 to 50 basis points, consistent with our previous guidance, although the high-end is somewhat less likely as a result of the FX headwinds that I mentioned previously. Moving below the line, we're expecting net interest expense to be consistent with our previous guidance, and we're forecasting our adjusted income tax rate to be in the range of 14.5% to 15%, consistent with our previous guidance. We're assuming that we'll return a total of about $310 million of capital to shareholders, composed of the $90 million in share buybacks that we completed in Q1 and about $220 million in dividends for the year. This is down about $500 million from our previous guidance as a result of our decision to suspend share buybacks. Therefore, our full-year average diluted shares are now estimated to be in the range of 365 -- 363 million to 365 million, up 5 million from our previous guidance. Finally, we expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $300 million to $325 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion, no change from our previous guidance. In interpreting our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance range, as I've said in the past, you should focus on the midpoint as our most likely view of how we see the year playing out. Results above or below the midpoint will depend on the relative strength of our markets during the year, as well as the economic factors we've discussed. In summary, we once again managed through the macro environment, executed well and delivered good revenue growth and very strong adjusted EPS. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm just wondering if you can give us a sense of how things trended throughout the quarter. Obviously, the macro data got a little bit worse toward the end of the quarter. So can you give us a sense of the monthly progression of trends, in particular, on the industrial business?
Marc N. Casper: Yes. I would say that, as you look at the industrial businesses, Tycho, they continue to be soft for us. We declined in the low single digits, and we didn't see an inflection point in the quarter. So as I look at the 3 months, basically remained weak. Bookings were softer than revenue for our industrial customer base. So it was pretty consistent as a soft end market, so we haven't seen that positive turn yet.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then you guys didn't call out the 2 fewer days for LPS. Was that just lost in the noise or was there any impact you can quantify from 2 fewer selling days or fewer selling days, I guess?
Marc N. Casper: I think we've learned over the years that when you start talking about billing days, it gets in a circle that is not worth doing. Yes, there were some impact from billing days, but you had some things like the flu that helped and other offsets. So I think it's all lost in the noise.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then on pharma, you're putting up great numbers for that business. Are there larger contract wins that are coming through? And one of your competitors mentioned some delays on the equipment side. Is that anything that you've experienced as well?
Marc N. Casper: So on the pharmaceutical and biotech customers, this is driven by really share of wallet with the existing customers. It's not about big customer wins. It's about just expanding the impact that we're having with our customers, and we clearly are gaining good momentum. I would say that our value proposition is really resonating quite well with that customer set. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the greatest strength has really been in the clinical trials, logistics and BioProcess Production. We saw some good progress in instrumentation, but clearly softer than those other 2 businesses.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then last one, any longer-term thoughts on the dividend? I know, obviously, you're building up cash now for the deal. But as we think about the longer-term delevering story, any thoughts on the dividend on a go-forward basis?
Marc N. Casper: From a capital deployment standpoint, as we highlighted last week, our intention, once we close the Life transaction, is to spend the first 2 years in the mode of debt repayment to get our leverage ratios back to our target of between 2.5x and 3x leverage, and after that, returning back to our more historical returns of capital. I would say that when we look at the world today, if we were right -- if we were through that period of close the transaction, did our 2 years of debt repayment, we would have a higher emphasis on dividends than buybacks. So I think that's -- would be appropriate, but I think given that we're talking probably 2.5 years out, what you're going to hear is a strong commitment on return of capital. As it gets closer, we'll refine our thinking. We plan on continuing to focus on increasing our dividends in line with our growth and earnings in the meantime.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ross Muken with ISI Group.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So as you were debating sort of what to do with the guidance, obviously, lots of sort of pushes and pulls here. You had FX go against you and the macro, as you said, sort of challenging. You had the sequester. And then on the positive side, you've obviously turned on the sort of restructuring spigot a little more and pulled in a bit more cost. But as you were trying to debate where the biggest sort of deltas, as we go throughout the year, sort of positive and negative are, and I think that's a pretty good outcome relative to what many have expected given some of the commentary, where do you feel like the biggest wiggle room is, sort of the upside or downside, given sort of all these moving parts?
Marc N. Casper: So Ross, thanks for the question. First of all, the big factor is, one way or another, that's going to swing the results off of the midpoint, is going to be the strength of the end markets, right. So if we see a positive inflection point in industrials or negative, that's going to be a major swing factor. And then obviously, if there's ever a resolution later in the year on sequestration of some sort, that obviously can be a positive swing factor as well. So that's -- more of the end markets is going to be the delta. As we went through that process of thinking about guidance, basically, our conclusion was the team executed extremely well. We had been taking restructuring actions, as we mentioned at the beginning of the year. We had some additional ones ready to go, should U.S. government not be able to solve sequestration. So things that we just wanted to get a definitive view on, and we implemented those actions. So yes, I mean, the world has its challenges. The end markets are on the lower end of our guidance. The Japanese yen is a real headwind, but our team is doing a real good job of gaining share in biopharma and managing the cost base well. So that's how we thought about our guidance for the year.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And from an end market perspective, I appreciate all the commentary you gave. I guess where were you sort of most surprised by the magnitude of weakness or softness? And how well do you feel like you're doing relative to peers in terms of both share gains, just from utilizing sort of size, scale and channel in what is a tougher environment, as we heard from several customers, the desire to use Thermo as more as their preferred supplier in new areas given some of the budget pressures? And then also from the new product standpoint, where you highlighted a ton of new instruments, et cetera, where you're really kind of thought leading and driving some new innovation?
Marc N. Casper: I would say that our customers are clearly looking for ways to navigate their own funding challenges, and that is a huge advantage for us. And as we've said for a while, we really optimized the commercial relationship with our big biopharma customers, and then have expanded it to other customer sets. So I think we're particularly well-positioned to grow with customers that are trying to drive productivity and accelerate innovation. So I feel very good about that. And I think the results there show, at least in the biopharma, show that we clearly are performing extremely well relative to the market, where I would think the market growth is quite muted in that customer set.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Daniel Brennan with Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Marc, I wanted to dig back in just one more question on kind of industrial. I know you cited in the -- in your prepared remarks, I believe, China's strong, environmental looked good. So I just wanted to understand a bit more. When you mentioned industrial, is it any particularly geographies? Is it -- within industrial, any more color, maybe food testing, maybe more pure industrial? Just kind of looking for the color on kind of where the weakness resides.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, when you look at our customer set, we have industrial and we have applied markets there, right. So industrial was generally soft around the world, softest in Europe of that group, but generally soft. And if you get down to a further level of detail, kind of the basic infrastructure type products that we provide, certain metals and scrap and those types of things, were soft in the quarter, as a representative example. So that's -- basically what we see now for a couple of quarters is a continued soft market. On applied, there were some interesting pockets of strength, which is also consistent with what we've seen. Food safety continues to be very positive and very good, as I mentioned in my thoughts about China, and environmental's doing very well for us. The publicity in terms of the air quality problems in China, in particular, but elsewhere as well, is leading to very, very strong growth for us in a very attractive market.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. Maybe a follow-up just kind of on the sequester. What's your latest intelligence telling you how your U.S. economic customers are behaving in particular? How much of an impact do you think you've been feeling now versus the pacing of the spending as the year unfolds?
Marc N. Casper: So when we talk to -- we talk to a lot of our customers obviously, and in the academic and government, we think that as the year continues on, it will get more challenging, because, effectively, we only had 1 month of sequestration in Q1. So when you look at it, we declined just slightly in the quarter, and when you remember back to our February guidance, we said we expect low single-digit declines in that customer set. So we're expecting, as you have the typical 3 months of sequestration in each of the remaining quarters, that end market's a little bit tighter and that's how we've been planning and why we took some additional contingency actions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question is from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: The incremental $10 million of belt tightening you guys did in March, should demand remain softer, get worse? How much availability is there to find additional restructurings this year?
Marc N. Casper: So a couple of things. The $10 million -- we did a lot more than $10 million in terms of belt tightening, right. We've done a lot of things in addition, but when we called out the $10 million, that's pure restructuring-type activities. So we obviously manage our costs quite tightly, Steve. But as end markets get more and more muted, you continue to get tighter and tighter so that you're protecting the quality of the company going forward. We have 39,000 amazing employees here. So that belt tightening happens first, and then restructuring is a secondary type set of actions. So right now, we're doing what we think is the right level for the end markets, and obviously if the end markets get to a more challenging situation, we'll do what's appropriate for the long-term health of the company.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And then can you just provide an update on how some of your recent acquisitions are performing like Phadia, Dionex and One Lambda?
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So if we look at the 3 acquisitions, clearly, Dionex is, from an ROIC perspective, is moving ahead of schedule versus the model. Phadia is pretty much on track, a little bit softer overall top line performance, which we've highlighted in previous calls, much better cash flow, tax planning, integration work that has offset it. One Lambda is doing quite well, is on track, and that integration has gone very smoothly. So I feel good about, in general, how those acquisitions are proceeding.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Marc, I know you guys aren't -- I wanted to just sort of have the general philosophical question with you in terms of R&D spend and R&D focus, particularly as you started thinking about the Life transaction. I just -- I know I'm just -- I'm curious just in terms of general ways you're sort of going to look at the business and I'm trying to figure out -- I'm just looking at your core Thermo business right know. How much of your general R&D spend goes into high-end molecular cellular biology reagents? How much goes in Analytical Technologies, how much goes into diagnostics? I'm just curious about how you allocate it, and if that's a general guide we can think about for the Life transaction once that's come in.
Marc N. Casper: That's a great question. I would say that if you look at our current spend, the majority of our R&D spend is in our analytical instruments businesses. We spend substantial R&D dollars to support our chromatography and mass spectrometry portfolio, and as you know, it's done very well over the years. We obviously have a number of R&D programs that are significant in things like developing next-generation biomarkers, our new novel biomarkers and a number of technologies across Specialty Diagnostics. When you look at our Biosciences portfolio, there, we obviously have a smaller level of spend, and we'll look at ways to take the best thinking between the combined companies with Life Technologies over time and the integration, to develop really interesting novel products that make a difference for our customers. I would say that the integration teams will work to optimize how we want to spend R&D going forward, and we're looking forward to kicking off that process, really in earnest, starting next week.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. Also, I'm just curious in your clinical trial logistics. I mean, that's -- as I think about the company over the years and just commentary on the business, I mean, I know that was something that you guys -- that was picked up a number of years ago. And I guess, could you just give us a size about what that business is right now and sort of what the growth rate's been and who you compete with it. I just don't really -- I'm just looking for an update on the business, given it's been such a strong driver over the last few quarters.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, order of magnitude, $800-ish million business, in that kind of range. It's growing consistently high single digits well into the double-digit growth, is what we've been experiencing there. We don't really have much competition. We're probably 3x to 4x the next largest competitor. Mostly, it's about customers taking in-house activities and driving that activity to us. Why this business is doing so well is, effectively, we've used our scale to build the highest quality, lowest-cost provider of these services. So we simply are able to do this more effectively than the in-house capabilities, and more and more of our customers are relying on us for that activity. So it's been a really excellent organic growth story for us for quite a number of years, and we feel good about how our team is executing there to build out that business.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then just one final sort of end-market question, given talking about outsourcing, have you seen an increase in demand from your CRO customers?
Marc N. Casper: Nothing that jumps outs particularly, either on the positive or negative, in terms of what's going on with our CRO base.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: You indicated, Marc, that you're heading out to Carlsbad next week, pursuant to getting the integration process of Life going. What update should investors expect from Thermo between now and deal closing? And what has early feedback been from customers you've spoken with on the deal?
Marc N. Casper: So, Doug, in terms of when we get to major milestones, we'll definitely provide updates. So as we get through the major ones, we'll do that. In terms of the customer feedback, basically, the message -- I've spoken to a number of customers and the feedback is they're really looking forward to working with us once the transaction closes. So it's very good.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Mass spec was an important growth driver for you last year, where, I think, again, you grew above the market. You have a very big share position there anyway, but it seemed like you were gaining share last year at the high end. Any changes in those dynamics in Q1 or was it really just a continuation of the momentum you had last year?
Marc N. Casper: We had very strong growth in Q1 in our life sciences mass spec business so I think our team is executing very well.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And last question, what growth rate expectations have you factored into full year guidance by end market and geography?
Peter M. Wilver: So I'll answer that one. In terms of the end markets, it's basically very similar or the same as what we had in our last quarter call. So pharma and biotech, kind of mid- to high- single digits; academic and government, down low single digits; industrial and applied, flat to down low single digits; and health care and diagnostics, low- to mid-single digits; and then in North America, low single digits; Europe, bordering around flat; Asia Pacific, mid- to high- single digits and the rest of the world, low double digits.
Operator: Your next question is from Dan Arias with UBS.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe just to go back on the end markets. Marc, on the academic demand, to what extent have the haves and the have-nots sort of separated in terms of buying? Have the more established universities and labs sort of emerged as more resilient spenders or does the softness pretty much evenly apply across the accounts?
Marc N. Casper: I think it's a little too soon to tell how that's going to -- if that's going to -- bifurcate is going to happen or not. We didn't see a particular pattern. Obviously, our scientific advisory board is made up of those folks that come out of the really premier universities, and I have a huge amount of dialogue with them. And they articulated that they are feeling some of the pressure as well. So I'm not sure that we have haves and have-nots. I think people are being mindful of their budgets.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just to go back to the industrial side, obviously, more CapEx-intensive focus there. But for the consumable lines that are going into the markets that are soft, just curious how the recurring revenue streams have held up there. Are they generally at the company average?
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, I mean, there's not a lot of consumable business in industrial. It's a very, very small piece of that business.
Marc N. Casper: It's more services supporting the instrumentation, and generally, that's held up okay.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Knight with CLSA.
Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: You had mentioned that the laboratory products business was a driver last year. Was the continuing strength of that area, I guess, that would largely be Fisher, was that a reason for your bid on Life? And then I guess the second question would be, how is that business, continuing to do well or a little slower than last year, midyear?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so in terms of our lab products and services segment, it's made up of 3 businesses: our channel, our lab products business, our Biopharma Services business. Clearly, Biopharma Services, which is the clinical trials outsourcing business, is doing very well. The other businesses are doing fine, but feel more pressure from the academic and government muted spending, so they feel that pressure, and I think that they are doing a good job of executing in that more challenging environment. The combination between the 2 companies is really more focused on the higher tech aspects of our business. It's really the combination of the strength of our Specialty Diagnostics, our Analytical Technologies and Life Technologies creating an innovation powerhouse. There obviously are some customer benefits. It's very powerful to have the leading e-commerce channel, which we have from the broad catalog view with the leading e-commerce channel that Life Technologies brings from a customer application view. Having that all in one company is incredibly compelling, and our job, once we close the transaction, will be to really bring that benefit to life, no pun intended, for our customers, so that they can shop by workflow and buy what they need or they can shop a broad set of capabilities through our channel and get it that way. So it's more of the holistic view of putting the companies together, is how we thought about it.
Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Is the combination of the 2 e-channels -- is that a very, very obvious synergy and a very obvious cost savings?
Marc N. Casper: It's less of a cost savings in that particular case. There are other things that will drive our cost efficiencies, but it's more about giving customers the easiest way to buy things. And I think maybe to make the example most real is, there's a lot of shop by experiment, shop by application capabilities within the Life Technologies e-commerce platform, and there are many things that we produce at Thermo Fisher, in our chemicals and in our lab consumables, that are very naturally used in those workflows, which Life Technologies doesn't make today. So you can imagine a customer just adding different things to their shopping cart simply because that's how they want to do the experiment, and I think that gives us a really nice share gain opportunity over time.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Vamil Divan with Credit Suisse.
Vamil Divan - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So I just wanted to go back on talking about the Life acquisition, and you mentioned some of the initial feedback you've been getting from some of their customers. I guess it's a little bit different than what we were hearing. So I'm just curious more on the, I guess, specifically on their sequencing side of things where I think there's been a lot of focus. Is there anything specific you can share in terms of what you've been hearing from customers? It seems from what we're hearing and also from what we've been reading, I think, there's a fair number of questions as to kind of how that will blend into your business and how that might evolve over time. So anything specific you can share on that front?
Marc N. Casper: No, not really. I mean, if you think about the relationships that we have, I mean, customers like working with us. We have great relationships. A lot of the calls were inbound, just congratulating us. A few of them were outbound from [ph] me as a courtesy, but it's more about their enthusiasm post-close to talk about this stuff. On the sequencing side, it's obviously -- it's an exciting business, but we're not getting into that level of granularity. We're still 2 separate companies and focused on each running our own businesses.
Vamil Divan - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then one specific question, you mentioned the sepsis biomarker, I think you mentioned in China, it's doing pretty well if I caught your comments correctly. I know your Analyst Day last year, you talked about that product quite a bit, and I was just wondering if you've seen any increased traction in the U.S. with that biomarker.
Marc N. Casper: The answer is yes. I mean, it is gaining traction in the U.S. as well. Interestingly enough, the uptick in China is spectacular, and I think it's a matter of really trying to triage patients very quickly in the ER setting. We had very good success across the country of getting the opinion leaders to just go from hospital to hospital and basically articulate why the sepsis screening, right up front for a very sick patient, why dealing with it that way makes sense. So we've seen huge demand. In the U.S., we're going through the traditional market development process that we have for all of our other -- our assays, and we clearly are seeing good growth as well.
Operator: And your next question is from Amit Bhalla with Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Marc, I just want to come back to industrials for a second. I know you're talking about seeing some softness overall, but in the past, you've also said that your business is a 6-month lag to what's happening in larger industrial companies. Can you tie that to the expectations later in the year for the cadence of your organic growth rate related to industrial weakness?
Marc N. Casper: Yes. What I would say is, in my commentary specifically, that the bookings continue to be soft, means, especially given the lead times of this, that certainly, the conditions here are going to continue to be similar, at least for the next quarter, and it's a little less clear if we're going to see an inflection point for later in the year. We haven't assumed one in how we thought about our guidance so -- but we haven't seen any signs yet that we're seeing a positive turn.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: But you don't think it gets worse later in the year because of your lag?
Peter M. Wilver: Well, so in the second half of the year, we do have a little bit easier comps. So if it stays at this level or deteriorates, we can basically hold our current organic growth rate in industrial.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great. And then second, you brought up the Brazil stimulus. Can you put some numbers behind that and what kind of contribution you expect there?
Marc N. Casper: That business is growing. Rates right now are similar to what we're seeing in China. So it's a much smaller business, but doing quite well.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And just clean up for you, Pete, the device tax impact?
Peter M. Wilver: It's about 15 basis points in the quarter, as we had expected. It's pretty much flat across the year, so that's the same number for the full year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First one had to do with just pricing. Wondering if you can maybe comment, Pete, on how much that contributed to growth this quarter. And then if you look at sort of the outlook for the balance of the year, what your expectations are for pricing?
Peter M. Wilver: So pricing is pretty consistent with what we've been seeing, really, for the last couple of years. We did have positive price in the quarter, less than 50 basis points contribution to the growth rate. But it did contribute positively to the bottom line, and I would expect that to be the case for the rest of the year.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just one business-specific item on Phadia. I think you mentioned a little softer growth there, and as I recall, I mean, it is coming off some relatively easy comps in the first half of this year. So wondering if you can give us some more detail. Was it a function of the exposure you have to Southern Europe or is it something else? Just curious how should we think about growth in that part of the business for the balance of the year.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, we did have a good quarter, in terms of the Japan pollen season was stronger certainly than last year. We do have large exposure to Southern Europe. That's been a headwind for us. So I think we are factoring in for the rest of the year, Southern Europe continues to be soft, but the key growth drivers continue to develop positively as the year unfolds.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Peter Lawson with Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Peter, I'm just wondering if you could give a better breakout on the gross margin pressure this quarter from the mix and med device taxes and FX, please?
Peter M. Wilver: Sure. I mean, basically, the big story was mix. In the gross margin level, it was about 100 basis points of headwind on gross margin. And then as I said, the medical device tax was about 15 basis points, so that was the big impact there. FX didn't actually impact gross margin that much in the quarter. It impacted more on the operating margin level.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: And just on capital deployment, when do you think you start the buybacks again? Is that kind of a mid-2014 event or is there particularly debt-to-EBITDA number you have to hit? And then will you be increasing the dividend?
Peter M. Wilver: So Marc addressed the dividend question earlier on the call, but in terms of returning to share buybacks, we're focused on paying down debt in 2014 and 2015 basically. So we wouldn't initiate any return of capital other than dividends until after we're down in that 2.5% to 3% range, which should be later in the year in 2015.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Dan Leonard with Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: I'll squeeze in one and one follow-up. So my first question, on the operating expense line. How do you think about your operating expense run rate going forward after seeing a pretty big sequential decline from fourth quarter operating expenses? And then my follow-up, your operating margin in diagnostics was very healthy in the quarter, wondering of that's sustainable.
Peter M. Wilver: So in terms of the SG&A percent of revenue in the quarter, that's going to pretty close approximate what we're expecting for the full year, so around 22% or a little bit under maybe. And then in terms of Specialty Diagnostics, we had very good margin in the quarter. For the full year, we would expect it to be just a little lower than that, probably in the mid-26s instead of the 27.5%.
Marc N. Casper: So let me wrap it up. First, we're very pleased with the start to the year with a very solid Q1 performance. I think our teams executed very well in spite of the challenging economic environment. Our growth strategy's clearly working, and it's helping us to gain share. We're clearly very excited about our pending acquisition of Life Technologies and the new opportunities that the combination will create, and certainly welcoming our new colleagues to the company after the close of the transaction. And as always, I'd like to thank you for your continued support of Thermo Fisher Scientific and we're looking forward to updating you at our Analyst Meeting in May. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you for joining for today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Carol A. Cox - Senior Vice President of External Affairs & Corporate Communications Gregory T. Lucier - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David F. Hoffmeister - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Mark P. Stevenson - President and Chief Operating Officer Ronald A. Andrews - President of Medical Sciences
Analysts: Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Alison Yang - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Ferreiro - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Jeffrey T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Vamil Divan - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Life Technologies Corporation Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Carol Cox, Head of Investor Relation. Ma'am, you may begin.
Carol A. Cox: Great, thank you, Kay. And good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Life Technologies Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. We issued our press release today earlier at 1 p.m. Pacific time and posted it on our website at lifetechnologies.com, which is also filed on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, we have posted a deck of slides to accompany today's webcast, which may be found in the events and presentations section of the company's investor relations website with our other earnings materials. Joining me on today's call are Greg Lucier, our Chairman and CEO; David Hoffmeister, our Chief Financial Officer; Mark Stevenson, our Chief Operating Officer; and Ronnie Andrews, our Head of Medical Sciences. They will also be available for Q&A portion of the call. If you have not had a chance to review the earnings release, it can be found on our website, at lifetechnologies.com. Before we get started, I'd just like to remind everyone that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company, corporate strategy and performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. Important factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, are detailed in the filings made by the company with the SEC. It is our intent that these forward-looking statements be protected in the safe harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP may be found in today's press release or on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory T. Lucier: Thanks, Carol, and thank you to everyone who is joining us today as we provide an overview of our fourth quarter and full year 2012 results and expectations for 2013. We started 2012 with a promise to our shareholders to grow our underlying business, invest in growth markets and regions, deliver on balanced capital deployment strategy and introduce innovative new products to serve our customers even better. Our performance during the year had its challenges, including the weakened macroeconomic environment that affected Life Sciences' industry globally, and uncertainty in NIH funding in the U.S., in particular. But our management team and employees remain focused and were able to deliver against the promises we made. We introduced game-changing products across all our business groups, expanded further into emerging markets, built the foundation for our Molecular Diagnostics business, and increased our global manufacturing footprint in China, Singapore and Europe, allowing us to be ever more cost competitive. Now let me turn to the results. For the full year, we delivered revenue and earnings per share growth for the 13th year in a row. Revenue increased 2.2% to $3.8 billion, and our operating margin expanded to 29.2%. Non-GAAP earnings per share increased 7% to $3.98, and our strong free cash flow totaled $662 million, enabling us to invest in growing our business and return $635 million to shareholders through share repurchases. We finished the year strong with fourth quarter revenue growth at 4.5%, excluding currency. This growth was driven principally by Ion Torrent and our Research Consumables and Bioproduction businesses. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.11 came within the guidance we'd provided and included absorbing a negative $0.03 impact related to the benefit of the 2012 federal R&D tax credit being pushed from Q4 into the first quarter of 2013. Additionally, we delivered results even though a large order on our Applied Science business moved out of Q4 into 2013. We have been very focused on driving our Consumables business even higher. Our mix of consumables and services is now 85% of our total revenue. In addition, 2012 is the first year where over half our revenue has been generated outside of the Americas, making us an increasingly global company. Finally, we have focused over the last 18 months on reducing our exposure to academia and government, which we have been able to reduce by 10%. While this is still an important customer base for us, given the leading edge science taking place in those end markets, we invest more heavily in expanding our footprint in the faster growing hospital and clinical end markets. We continued to gain momentum as we expand in the higher growth markets through a combination of strategic acquisitions, partnerships and internal development. During the quarter and into 2013, we made acquisitions in our Research Consumables and Applied Sciences businesses, where we are able to immediately leverage our broad distribution capability. In November, we acquired AMG, the developer of imaging systems for research microscopy and the manufacturer of our FLoid Cell Imaging Station. AMG has grown rapidly by successfully developing a complete portfolio of cell imaging products across a range of functionality and price points, which allows us to compete more effectively with established players in a financially constrained environment. With AMG, we are able to expand our product line of cell imaging instrumentation, while leveraging our own molecular Probes, dyes and reagents for a total workflow system. In January, we acquired BAC, a leader in protein purification products with a unique set of innovative and proprietary affinity ligands, which are molecules capable of binding with specific proteins and are typically attached to chromatography resins in a production scale bio purification process. Protein purification is a growing market and a logical adjacency to our existing bioprocess business. With this bolt-on acquisition, our Bioproduction business is now squarely positioned as the provider of end-to-end solutions that are widely utilized in the bioprocess workflow and can compete more fully across the protein purification markets. In January, we also announced we had entered into an exciting new partnership with Boston Children's Hospital to form Claritas Genomics. This new company, in which Life will be a part owner, will develop next generation genetic and genomics-based diagnostic testing solutions for pediatric and inherited diseases, by standardizing their work on the Ion Torrent technology, including proton, PGM and the related consumables. Life is providing capital and technical support to ensure our sequencers are optimized for the workflow that will be developed at Claritas Genomics. We're very excited to have established what we believe is an innovative and flexible structure we can duplicate, going forward, as we partner with select institutions to accelerate the adoption of genetic testing and pediatrics, and ultimately, in advancing Ion Torrent technology into Molecular Diagnostics. And during the quarter, we continued to execute on our development pipeline with 2 production introductions in our leading qPCR business. At ASHG, we announced the QuantStudio 3D digital PCR system, a scalable, chip-based instrument that features a simple workflow with minimal hands-on time. This bench top platform is disruptively priced at $30,000, enabling access to a broad community and will compete in a global market that is expected to grow to $250 million by 2016. We also announced the launch of our QuantStudio Dx real time PCR instrument, which is CE IVD marked for use in Europe, and represents a significant extension of Life's product offerings in the diagnostics arena. Molecular testing is the fastest-growing segment of the diagnostics market, and QuantStudio has unique features to meet the needs of this market, including passage and detection, gene detection, gene expression analysis, SNP genotyping, microRNA and high-resolution melt analysis. Through a partnership with Quidel and others, we will have a menu of infectious disease and oncology tests, CE IVD marked for the European and Asian markets, being launched throughout 2013, bringing a high value menu to market unregulated platforms such as QuantStudio Dx, allows us to further penetrate the clinical markets outside the U.S. and begin the democratization of our platforms. Early in 2012, we laid out a strategy to build out our Molecular Diagnostics offerings and assets with a vision to become the most relevant provider of high-value information to assist physicians in the management of complex diseases. Our first investments were building one of the strongest management teams in the industry, with expertise in this area to bolster our commercial and regulatory efforts. Second, we built the foundation for this business with the acquisitions of 3 companies: Navigenics, Pinpoint Genomics and Compendia, through which we now possess arguably the most robust bioinformatics and physician portal capabilities in the industry, which will enable commercialization of high-value cancer diagnostics. In a very short amount of time, we've been able to assemble capabilities in software and bioinformatics and launch our first lab-developed test, the Pervenio Lung Cancer test service. Additionally, we now have a CLIA lab in one of our largest annotated databases of cancer patient samples globally. In 2013, and over the next several years, we intend to focus our efforts on strengthening our position in oncology and transplant diagnostics by developing a rich menu of compelling assays and panels on multiple platforms. As well, we plan to continue to create strong partnerships with leaders in these disease areas and work to build out our molecular diagnostic capabilities, largely through self funding initiatives. We believe we are well-positioned to deliver a continuum of systems to improve community access to information that will improve patient outcomes and reduce the overall cost of care. New introductions continued and continue the momentum of our installed base that allowed us to more than double the revenue of our Ion Torrent franchise for the second consecutive year. The fast-growing desktop market is highly competitive, and we estimate that our market share is now about 60%. We see this as the largest growth segment in the clinical research area of Molecular Diagnostics and look for Proton to grow that market share even further now. During the fourth quarter, we continue to launch new products that enhance our next generation sequencing offerings. We launched the new 400-base pair sequencing kit for the Ion PGM Sequencer, which produces reads 60% longer than comparable high-throughput benchtop sequencers, generating more complete bacterial de novo assemblies with longer contiguous sequences. We also made progress in expanding our best-in-class Ion AmpliSeq Panels. These panels allow our customers to do fast and affordable targeted sequencing for genes or genomic regions, and provide the highest level multiplexing with 3,000 targets per reaction, while requiring very small amounts of DNA, much less than other competitors, which is critical in research, especially related to cancer. We've already seen thousands of customer designs in the first 9 months of our custom AmpliSeq Panels. And with our new AmpliSeq Community Panels, we are rapidly growing panel menu across cancer and inherited disease, which is increasingly being utilized for clinical research. Last quarter, we launched our Ion Proton System instrument, a platform whose speed, ease-of-use and affordability will democratize genome sequencing by opening up the market to affordable clinical exomes and genomes. We are extremely pleased with the high level of customer interest. One full quarter into the launch, I'm pleased to say that we had our strongest quarter ever for Ion Torrent franchise, as continued strong demand to the PGM and a substantial sequential increase in the proton systems fueled our growth. We are seeing the real uptick of this technology as customers see how we have increased throughput, read-length and accuracy on the PGM and are confident we will be able to deliver it again on Proton. Proton with the P1 chip is the only bench top sequencer enabling human exome and transcriptome analysis today. With the PII chip, Proton will enable whole genome analysis. During the quarter, our businesses continue to generate strong free cash flow of $173 million. At the beginning of the year, we communicated our commitment to return 50% of our available free cash flow to shareholders. We ended the year having purchased $635 million, or 14 million shares in total for the year, well above that 50% level. We have continued to repurchase shares and have completed another $105 million to date in 2013 already. We have an additional $470 million remaining under a $750 million share repurchase program. As we move into 2013, we're focused on 3 priorities we believe will help us drive our performance and increase shareholder value. These include: Transforming our relationships with Life Science customers, meaning we're committed to providing our lab customers with the broadest array of tools and solutions, including web channels and sophisticated supply centers, so they can get their work done faster, more easy and less expensively. We think this will expand our market share. Second, we're focused on winning in Genetic Analysis from discovery to diagnostics, where we have platforms and expertise to move further towards clinical use; and finally, we continue to pursue growth in our applied markets, where we can apply our expertise and innovation to new opportunities to expand a current business or enter a new vertical in a very disciplined way. Moving on to guidance. We're expecting revenue growth of 3% to 5% over 2012 results of $3.8 billion, driven by another significant increase in our Ion Torrent franchise sales for the third consecutive year and expansion in our applied and emerging markets. Additionally, we expect to gain momentum from the roll off of a portion of the headwinds we had in 2012. The low end of the range, 3% growth, already assumes sequestration could reduce our revenue by approximately 1%, if implemented. While the fiscal cliff reduces the sequesters threatened NIH cut from 8.2% to 5.1%, there is now meaningful risk sequester will occur, at least temporarily. We therefore believe it's prudent to take a conservative approach here and revise as events unfold. For non-GAAP EPS, we're expecting results in the range of $4.30 to $4.45, applying 8% to 12% growth over 2012 results. We continue to do our best to navigate through these uncertain times, and remain committed to driving innovation and further diversifying our end market exposure. We are continuing to make investments in markets where we believe we have growth opportunities, such as next generation sequencing and Molecular Diagnostics that will make us increasingly more competitive and diversified. As we look ahead to 2013 and into 2014, we think many of these challenges to growing our top line have improved, and that through disciplined capital deployment we can grow our bottom line, while still making the necessary investments to be even more competitive over the next 3 to 5 years. Before I turn the call over to David, I would like to briefly address our annual strategic review. As you know, we recently issued a press release announcing that our Board of Directors had engaged outside financial advisors to assist them. While we normally would not have announced this, we believed it was prudent in light of speculation in the media. The Board's annual review started last summer, when our stock was trading in the low 40s. The Board engaged financial advisors to help in valuation work and reviewing opportunity to create value for our shareholders. As any thorough review would entail, all ideas are on the table, including pursuing our current strategy, which has yielded solid results, or something different. The Board has not decided on any specific course of action, but any decision will be based on what the Board believes is in the best interest of shareowners to further create value. I recognize that many of you have many questions on this topic. At this time, I am unable to comment further or provide any additional information. The Board's review is ongoing, and we will update you as appropriate. In the meanwhile, the more than 10,000 Lifetech employees around the world remain totally focused on our customers and making 2013 another great year. With that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David F. Hoffmeister: Thanks, Greg. Good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks today, I'll provide an overview of our results for the fourth quarter and a more detailed commentary around our expectations for 2013. As Greg noted, we finished -- we had a solid finish to 2012, growing our full year revenue over 2% and our non-GAAP EPS, 7%. For the fourth quarter, revenue, excluding the impact of currency, increased 4.5%, to $999 million. Our non-GAAP earnings per share came in at $1.11, driven by mid-single-digit revenue growth and the benefit of a lower share count as we continue to repurchase shares, somewhat offset by a higher tax rate. As a reminder, our guidance had assumed that the R&D tax credit would be renewed in Q4. As you know, it wasn't. If we had realized this tax benefit in the quarter, our Q4 earnings per share would have been $1.14. Our free cash flow for the quarter totaled $173 million. Revenue, excluding currency by region, was as follows: The Americas grew 3/10 of 1%; Europe grew 5%; Asia Pacific grew 18%; and Japan grew 6%. All regions benefited from a strong demand for Ion Torrent products. In addition, we continued to see stable academic end markets in the Americas. Europe was also relatively stable, with additional growth due to timing of orders in our pharma and biotech end markets. We saw a growth in Japan, primarily due to Ion Torrent products. And Asia Pacific showed continued strength due to growth in Greater China. Taking a closer look at our business group results for the quarter. Research Consumables revenue increased 2% to $409 million. Excluding currency, revenue increased 4% over the same period last year. Full year revenue increased 1% to $1.6 billion or 2%, excluding the impact of currency. Revenue growth in the quarter and full year were driven by growth in our cell culture products, sample prep products and bench top instruments. Revenue for Genetic Analysis increased 2% to $401 million for the fourth quarter compared to the prior year. Excluding currency, revenue increased by 4%. Full year revenue, including currency, was flat at approximately $1.5 billion. Excluding the impact from currency, revenue grew 1%. Revenue growth for the quarter and the full year was primarily due to substantial growth in our Ion Torrent business, with continued strong demand for the PGM and the Ion Proton systems. Offsetting some of this revenue growth was the expected headwind from the decline in SOLiD instrument sales and qPCR royalty payments. While we had expected an approximate $10 million decline in qPCR royalties in the fourth quarter, we were able to partially offset those declines with additional royalty licensing programs. For the full year, our qPCR royalty decline was about $20 million, $10 million less than the $30 million we had anticipated at the beginning of the year. Applied Sciences revenue increased 8% to $190 million for the fourth quarter compared to the prior year. Excluding currency, Applied Sciences grew 10%. The increase in the quarter was driven primarily by increased sales in Bioproduction. For the full year, Applied Sciences revenue grew 7% to $719 million or up 8%, excluding currency, primarily due to growth in Forensics and Bioproduction. Our fourth quarter gross margin increased 20 basis points to 64.6% compared to prior year, driven by manufacturing fixed cost leverage, partially offset by a higher mix of instrument sales and the impact of unfavorable currency. Full year gross margin was 65.6%, an increase of 40 basis points, primarily due to improved product mix and higher realized price, offset by the decrease in qPCR royalties and unfavorable currency. On a sequential basis, the fourth quarter gross margin declined 100 basis points, primarily due to higher Ion Torrent instrument sales. Operating expenses of $347 million were $19 million higher on a year-over-year basis, principally due to the impact of recent tuck-in acquisitions in our Molecular Diagnostics business and in Greater China. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were up slightly as expected, due to currency and the molecular diagnostics acquisitions. Our operating profit for the quarter totaled $299 million, an increase of 1% over prior year. Fourth quarter operating margin was 29.9%, representing a decrease of 70 basis points. The decrease from the prior year was primarily due to the higher operating expenses I just described and unfavorable currency rates. On a full year basis, we expanded operating margins by 20 basis points to 29.2%, slightly below our guidance range of 25 to 50 basis points. Our margin expansion was driven primarily by an increase in gross margins and improvement in currency, partially offset by higher expenses related to acquisitions. In other income line items for the quarter, we had $700,000 of interest income, a loss of $800,000 from foreign exchange and other items, and interest expense of $30 million. Our tax rate for the quarter was 27.2%, higher than the prior year fourth quarter rate of 26.7%, mainly due to the R&D tax credit. As a result, the full year tax rate was 27.6%, higher than the prior year rate of 27.3%. Our diluted share count for the quarter was 175.8 million, a decrease of 8.8 million compared to the prior year as we continue to repurchase shares as part of our overall capital deployment strategy. In Q4, we repurchased approximately 2 million shares for $100 million. As Greg mentioned, we have also repurchased another 105 million shares since the beginning of 2013. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow statements. Our ending cash and short-term investments were $276 million. This compares to last quarter's balance of $299 million. Cash from operating activities for the quarter was $221 million. Capital expenditures were $48 million and free cash flow was $173 million. Free cash flow for the full year totaled $662 million. Return on invested capital was approximately 9% for the quarter. Our ending debt as of December 31 was $2.4 billion. This balance is made up of our senior notes of $2.3 billion, plus some short-term debt. We ended the year within our target leverage range of 2.0 to 2.5x EBITDA. Now let me take a moment and talk about our outlook for 2013. As Greg said, we are expecting revenue growth, excluding currency, to be in a range of 3% to 5% for the year, driven by a continued ramp in Ion Torrent sales and growth in Applied Sciences, as well as the roll-off of the majority of the headwinds we had in 2012. Our range does include assumptions related to sequestration. Recall that we have previously indicated that full implementation of sequestration could be a 1% headwind to revenue growth, based on our exposure to the NIH and other U.S. government funding. Therefore, should sequestration be implemented, and in place for the balance of the year, we would expect our revenue growth to be at the low end of the guidance range or 3%. Currency at December month end rates is expected to have a small negative impact to our 2013 revenue of about $2 million and about $0.01 negative impact on the bottom line. We expect our operating margins to expand in a range of 25 to 75 basis points and to be at 31% as we exit 2013, driven by continued improvements in operational efficiencies and Ion Torrent moving to profitability. Offsetting some of this expansion is continued investment in emerging markets and molecular diagnostics. Given our additional share repurchases in Q4 and at the beginning of 2013, we are now expecting our full year share count to be about 175 million. We expect our tax rate to be 27.6% for the full year. This rate includes the federal R&D tax credit benefit of approximately $0.03 for 2012 that will be realized in the first quarter of this year. Taking into account these factors, we expect EPS for 2013 to range from $4.30 to $4.45. We plan to update our currency expectations based on month end rates at the end of each quarter. While we cannot predict how rates will move throughout 2013, if all currencies moved against the dollar by 5%, and our mix of foreign currencies stayed the same, the impact on earnings per share would be about $0.23. We expect free cash flow to be in the range of $700 million to $750 million. Our free cash flow includes approximately $45 million of one-time expenses related to restructuring, which is about the same as we experienced in 2012. I'd now like to take a minute to provide some additional details on our expectations for the year and the first quarter that I believe will help you update your financial models. We expect our revenue and earnings to be weighted to the back half of the year, primarily driven by continued growth in Ion Torrent and applied markets. Revenue in the second and third quarter should be relatively in line with each other, with Q3 revenues slightly lower than Q2, due to the seasonal slowdown we normally see in the third quarter. Q4 should be our highest quarter for revenue and earnings. Turning to the first quarter. We expect our revenue, including currency, to be in the range of $950 million to $965 million, which assumes sequestration may be implemented on March 1. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in a range of $1.02 to $1.07. Gross margins are expected to be down year-over-year largely due to product mix, as we derive a higher portion of our revenue from Ion instrument sales. Operating expenses are expected to be up year-over-year, as we make the investments I mentioned earlier. Currency at December 2012 month end rates would negatively impact revenue by about $11 million and EPS by a negative $0.04 for the first quarter. As I said earlier, we plan to take the full $0.03 benefit from the retroactive 2012 R&D tax credit in the first quarter. And with that, I'll hand the call back over to Carol.
Carol A. Cox: Great. Thanks, David. We'll now open up the call to question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Kate, if you could open it up, I'd appreciate it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jon Groberg with Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: My questions will just assume that this is a go-it alone. So my first question is, you mentioned some comments around looking at adjacent markets, but also, particularly in molecular diagnostics, focusing on internal funding. So can you maybe just talk about what your capital allocation priorities would be in 2013, given your comments about 2012? And then, just as a quick follow-up about the year as well. Can you maybe just talk about -- you had some really good growth in China and you had pretty good growth in Applied Sciences. I think you said one deal fell through into 2013. But can you maybe just talk about some of those markets that have been growing pretty quickly, kind of how confident you are that those will sustain themselves in '13?
Gregory T. Lucier: You bet. Let me start with the capital deployment question, and then how it relates to acquisitions. So just to reiterate, we are committed to the 50-50 balanced capital deployment strategy. And so if you were to forecast our free cash flow this year of, let's just round the number to $700 million. Half of that will go into buybacks. Half of that will go back into funding growth. In the area of funding growth, with respect to things beyond capital expenditures, which, as you know, is a very reasonable, stable amount of money for a company like ours, we would target areas that we think will give us faster growth. Our acquisition of that ligand company that goes into our bioprocess business is a great example of the perfect acquisition for us. It's reasonable in size, it's a tuck-in acquisition, and it allows us to be exposed to other elements of what is a nicely growing business of bio production. Ronnie Andrews and his leadership of Medical Sciences continues to scout for other technologies, other pieces of real estate that we need to be the vendor of choice in these more complex diseases like cancer. Although I would just say that we have clearly made a decision that, given how we see the future of diagnostics, which is different than what people would normally think about diagnostics as practiced in the past, there's not a lot of available real estate out there right now that interests us. Therefore, we grow organically, we invest organically. So that's our thoughts on capital deployment. In terms of the markets, we are really pleased with the bodybuilding we did in China over the last 18 months. We took some flak about 18 months ago for going direct, it hurt us in the quarter. But since then, we've been on a tear, as we've hired hundreds of people in direct sales force. We've acquired dealers and we think we now have one of the largest commercial footprints in that very important economy, and our results show it now, that it's paying off in terms of having that more subsitive [ph] broad-based scientific conversation with customers across many, many different cities, territories in China. Lastly, I'll just say is that this idea of globalization is critical for us. We realize that no matter what happens in the United States, it'll probably be a slower growing market for the years to come. And therefore, you're seeing us expand our direct presence, as I said, not only in China, but the Middle East, Russia, Africa, we see ourselves in ever more countries, having ever more scientists than any other company in this space. And we think that's going to allow us to have faster growth that can be had in this marketplace.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: One of the things you've commented on is the plans to get Ion Torrent to profitability embedded in your 31% operating margin targets that you played out. Can you just talk to maybe some of the steps you're taking there, including the manufacturing move to Singapore?
Gregory T. Lucier: You bet. So there's a few points we would make here. One is simply that there is a fair amount of fixed cost of R&D investment, personnel investment in that business, and that as the revenue scales this year, we reached the kind of release altitude and get to the point of profitability. That's probably the most important driver. The second one is that we, ironically, have sold many more instruments than we had in our original deal model, when we brought Ion Torrent into the family. And that's good because it's building the installed base. And now what we'll follow is more consumable sales. And so we're really confident that, that's going to add to the margins for 2013. And then the last is what you say in terms of where we're locating manufacturing and how we're doing manufacturing engineering, not only on the instruments, but on the reagents, where we're bringing some in-house into Ambion and some of our enterprises like that, that allows us to have a higher gross margin in our manufacturing. So those 3 elements combine us to give real confidence that Ion Torrent's going to be a nice contributor to the bottom line compared to 2012.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-on to your comment on capital deployment earlier. With Boston Children's, you've put some of your own money to work here in kind of funding a new business venture. How often are you looking at doing initiatives like that versus straight up R&D collaborations, versus building it internally?
Gregory T. Lucier: The Claritas Genomics opportunity for us was unique. Boston Children's arguably is the finest pediatrics hospital in the world. They have very distinct ideas and world-class personnel of how to make genomic analysis into pediatric care mainstream. And so we wanted to partner with them to not only have them fulfill their aspirations, but also help us refine our systems, our workflows, our procedures, that we could then take that technology in many other places. What was unique about that opportunity was the business structure, as I reference in my comments, is flexible and we actually see others becoming part owners of Claritas Genomics, where we're partners with Claritas Genomics, at various pediatric centers around the world. Ronnie Andrews has other business ideas that don't involve us investing, that involves us just partnering with regional Health Care Systems, and we'll deploy that as well in 2013.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Brennan with Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just being trued [ph] in the Research Consumables growth that you generated this year. It certainly seems like a bit of a breakout, and while you were against an easy comp from last year, I'm just wondering if you can comment on kind of what you're seeing there, and kind of how you're thinking about that business going forward into '13?
Gregory T. Lucier: There is no doubt that the Research Consumables market place was difficult in 2012. We did see some bright light in the fourth quarter, and you can see that by our results. We also think some of our results were internally driven by some of the great work Mark Stevenson and his team has done in repositioning the portfolio to have various price points for various different functionality of choices for customers, and also by increasing our exposure to faster growing geographies, like China, like India, like Korea. As we look to 2013, we're hopeful that it'll be a bit better marketplace than it was in 2012. But as David said, more of our growth really comes from some of the headwinds that we had in 2012 evaporating, and then continued growth in our Applied and our Genomics business.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great, great. And then maybe, kind of related to that. Just, if that's a consumable franchise, are you willing to give us any color towards your, the Applied and the Genetic business as we look towards '13? And how we should think about those businesses growing? And then any specific commentary within the Genetic Analysis business outside of Ion Torrent, your other businesses within that?
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes, we're not prepared to give overall guidance by segment at this particular call. But for your question, I can give a little bit of color commentary. The CE business, and Mark, I'll have you chime in here, will continue to be flattish or so. But on a fairly large franchise, we think that's pretty good, given that more and more customers in the diagnostics side see that as the gold standard for confirming next generation results. So that continued resiliency of that business we see staying in place through 2013. In the Applied side, I think we'll have another good year of our BioProduction business. It's a very well-run organization with a very good management team there. And then our Forensics business and Farm to Fork are going to have, we think, record years, particularly even in Food Safety, where we'll grow at very high double digits again this year. So we see these franchises as being areas we want to invest in for an earlier question, not only in organic development, but acquisitions. And I think that's where you'll see more of our tuck-ins take place.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So the -- and David, I'm just wondering, your share count forecast for the year is $175 million for 2013, which is basically what you had in the fourth quarter. I'm just curious as to, given that you've bought some shares in Q1, just what you're sort of assuming in terms of share count in that sense?
David F. Hoffmeister: I think it's going to be -- the share count's about in line with $175 million. And we haven't in the guidance. Then in our guidance assumes the performance of the business and some potential share count, share repurchases going forward.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And for the 3% to 5% constant currency growth guidance, what does the -- what are you assuming for the contribution from the various acquisitions that you've done? What's BAC adding to AMG?
David F. Hoffmeister: The acquisitions in total are something less than 1% of total growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla with Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Greg, can you just talk a little bit more about the Ion business? Can you talk -- I know you said in your prepared comments, a 60% share of the bench top market. Can you talk about your share in competitive situations, and give us an update on what your thoughts are on PII timing?
Gregory T. Lucier: You bet. I'm going to have Mark take that one. Mark, go ahead.
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes, in regard to the first part, we find actually all the sales are competitive. I think in this next generation space, every customer we speak to is involved in looking competitively. So when we quote our bench top share at 60%, with evolving competitive sales we've been engaged with. In terms of the progress we making, we feel really pleased with the progress we've made on the PI chip. As we've seen with the other chips, we roll them out. We continue to iterate and get improvement on that chip. We take those learnings from those chips and apply them to the next chip. We did that with the III series. And so we're doing that currently with the PI chip. The PII chip is on plan for us. We set out a schedule previously to say, approximately every 6 months, we say to the team, "Let's launch a new chip." And we continue on that track. So you would expect during the middle of this year to have the second chip come out, taking the learnings we're doing with our customers now on the PI chip.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And just a quick follow-up on Europe. Can you just give us a little more granularity on the business segment and maybe performance, Northern versus Southern Europe, because consistently, Europe has -- shows like it's been a growth market for you, especially this quarter?
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes, the European business continues to do well in spite of a very challenging macroeconomic environment. I think part of that is it's very well-run. We think it's one of our really solid management teams. But also, they did the hard work a few years ago to reposition their business to areas such as the Middle East, Africa and Russia, where we are experiencing faster growth. If there's a look in terms of your question on the North and South, clearly, the northern part of Europe has grown faster than the southern part of Europe. And some of that growth is being driven by these larger orders in our Applied business that continue to take place in some of the countries across the European, Middle East and Africa landscape.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Amanda Murphy with William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I had a question on China, if I may. So obviously, the vertical integration strategy has been very successful. So I'm just curious, how you guys are thinking about China, just in terms of 2013. Is there one specific segment that you expect to outperform? And then also, just sort of longer term, how should we be thinking about through sustainable growth rates in China?
Gregory T. Lucier: So I think we're targeting a double-digit growth in China. I think, on a longer-term basis -- Dave, correct me -- about a 15% growth is a reasonable expectation. And our guidance in 2013 presumes a moderate level growth like that. Even though we had a higher in 2012, our guidance always is best rooted in being conservative and prudent. We think it's a great market for Life Sciences. We never saw any slowdown. We think they are investing in their university infrastructure, their government research institutes and the rise of the commercial pharmaceutical market is helping us as well. So we'll continue to invest in our commercial infrastructure, our web channels, supply centers, all the things that have been a formula for success in this research market for us in Europe, in the United States, we're now applying with real strength into China.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Muken with ISI Group.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So on the guidance, as it relates to the sequester, where are you assuming that impacts to business, is it more on the reagent side? Is it more in instrumentation? Is it on legacy versus some of the newer products? How are you kind of, at least contextually, sort of putting that into the forecast?
David F. Hoffmeister: Yes, Ross, this is David. I think we're assuming that it's going to have an impact across the product portfolio. Probably next generation sequencing is going to be less impacted by that. As we said all along, what we've seen with reduction in funding, instruments are clearly impacted because people could delay purchase of an instrument. But that starts to have an impact on consumables as well, and we've seen that. So at this point, we're assuming that it's going to be across the portfolio.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. On the capital deployment side, yes, I know we talked about the share repurchase. But just on shore, it seems like you were active in Q4 and maybe early in Q1. Is that going to be through a 10b5-1? I mean, what's the method by which you're kind of applying that to market at this point?
David F. Hoffmeister: Well, what we've typically done is we've done open market purchases, primarily conducted through 10b5-1s. And we would assume we'd continue to do that going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tony Butler with Barclays.
Alison Yang - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is Alison Yang, asking a question -- 2 quick questions for Tony. The first one, on the strategic review. I realize this is probably limited on the discussion we could have. But just curious if just there's a timeline for which investors should expect an outcome or disclosure? The second question's for Mr. Ronnie Andrews, can he discuss, sort of the recent acquisitions in the Medical Sciences portfolio, Compendia, Navigenics and Pinpoint, how should we think about revenue contribution in '13? Should we expect revenue contribution similarly for the pharma collaborations with Bristol? And how should we think about the timing of product launches and revenue upside?
Gregory T. Lucier: I'll take the first one and then have Ronnie take the second. As I said in my prepared remarks, the review is ongoing, and we will update shareowners as appropriate. That's all we're going to stay at this time in regard the annual review process. Ronnie?
Ronald A. Andrews: Yes, so the, obviously, the strategy behind Compendia, Navigenics, was really to build a robust pipeline and capability around bioinformatics ability to transfer data into knowledge for physicians. And so we're very excited about those acquisitions last year. And the team's worked very diligently to get them to a point where we now have and are able to use these capabilities. And so your question's very intuitive. The first place we want to go with this, right now, is to pharma. There's a significant interest in pharma, to have the ability to work with a company that can be a one-stop shop and carry a test, a Compendia diagnostic from and instill those designs using Compendia all the way through to IVD approval, either in Europe, through IVD CE marking or through U.S., the FDA clearance. And so clearly, the Compendia and the ability to push that information through the Navi portal into the hands of premium positions allows for real-time decision-making, and it's something that you'll see deploy the revenues for next year, for the -- sorry, for 2013, are really small this year. But as we start to gain and garner some of this new content and begin to democratize these platforms into the community, as we get Dx approval of the QuantStudio in the United States, and see some of that menu-ed at the market, that all start to happen and unfold set [ph] our third and fourth quarter this year. And you'll start to see some of these revenues start to pick up as we enter 2014.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Ferreiro with Oppenheimer.
David Ferreiro - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I appreciate the commentary that you've made, that you're becoming less levered to academic spending. But could you give a greater explanation as to why you think a 1% headwind to revenue would be conservative enough under sequestration, given the high level of fixed costs in NIH grants now?
Gregory T. Lucier: Sure. Let me do -- we'll do to a twofer here. I'll start off, and then Dave can take the back end. But -- we, in our guidance on the low-end, presumed sequestration would be in effect starting March 1 and go through the balance of the calendar year. So a very conservative estimate. For the last 12 months, we've been communicating to shareowners just what the magnitude of sequestration would be when it was to be impacted, I should say, implemented January 1, which was about an 8% cut. At that time, our calculations were based off how much of our business comes from the NIH, translated through then to what its impact would be on our growth rates, if you cut it by 8% or so. And the math just revealed a 1-point hit to our revenue. So it's fairly straightforward math for us. And since then, obviously, some things have changed. The sequester got moved out a few months, and its impact would be less than the 8%. And that's how you end up with the guidance we're now providing.
David F. Hoffmeister: Yes, I think that's it in a nutshell. The one thing I would add is, we've said that our exposure to U.S. government funding is somewhere between 10% and 15%, depending on the level of funding, the year, et cetera. In this environment, our latest calculation is that it's closer to 10%. So the 1% assumes the higher end, 15%, times the full sequester cut of 8%, and that gives us the 1% headwind to our total revenue growth. So I think that there's a little cushion in there for us. Although, David, as you've pointed out in some of your reports, some of the lab or research spending is fixed cost. So more of it may take out of discretionary. And that's how we think we've got it covered, or hope we've got it covered, is in that difference between 10%, which is what we think our real exposure is, and the 15% we've used in the calculation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Elliott with Robert Baird.
Jeffrey T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: One of your large NGS competitors recently did an acquisition in the reproductive health area. I'm curious, have you seen that impact demand for your NGS instruments?
Gregory T. Lucier: That acquisition has impacted our sale of instruments to the positive. There were other companies in that space, other partners that they had in that space that saw that as a competitive affront. And it has opened up all new channels of discussion of opportunity for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Can you give us an update on Ion Torrent box pricing, how the ASPs are holding up? And then also, I know you were doing some catch-up on installations. What -- if you can give us an update on the progress there, that'd be appreciated.
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes, the first question on the ASPs on the instruments, they've remained approximately the same as we've gone throughout the year. So between the early access site that we did initially, and further units as replaced, the approximate ASP has remained fairly constant throughout the year. I think what's also has surprised many investors is the number of units, also on the PGM, remained approximately the same this last year to 2011. So we see a continued uptake for the 2 sort of price points, where people want to get into a benchtop unit at the PGM price into a panel of genes, or where people want to get into a desktop unit and do with the PI chip transcriptome for next subs.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: And then the installations on Proton?
Mark P. Stevenson: And part of the installations, we've now caught up with the majority of the ones that we shipped at the end of the third quarter. We did ship a large number at the end of the fourth quarter. We're still working through some of those installations and training, pretty much as we did with the PGM. It does take some time for someone to get, both in-store to be proficient, and then we're working with those customers as they continue to improve their performance, as we continue its rate and improve the system. It's a continued, very fast ramp. And so you'll continue to see improvement just as we've done on the III series chip, as we launch with the PI chip and install the Protons.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Actually, maybe just really a quick follow-up to Dan's first question. Did you say PGM placements in 2012 were about the same as 2011 as the answer to the ASP question? Does that basically mean that ASPs on both Proton and PGM held up pretty well over the course of the year?
Mark P. Stevenson: In terms of the ASP, it did hold up for the year. And in terms of the units, it was approximately the same number, yes.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, just a few clarifying questions on guidance. I guess this is just kind of a little mini guidance lightning round, if you will. What's the -- first, what's the PCR royalty headwinds you expect in 2013? Second, when do you expect Ion to get to break even? Is this still by year-end at the Operating Line? Third, R&D spend declined 4% year-over-year in 2012, and declined nominally Q3 to Q4. Based on your commentary on operating spend, should we expect this to reverse a little bit in 2013? And the last one, Q1 revenue is typically a lot lower than Q4, due to normal seasonality. Q1 guidance, obviously, incorporates that same trend. But were you a bit were conservative due to sequestration or any other dynamics that you might have seen in Q4?
David F. Hoffmeister: Okay. So let me see if I've got all these. And if I don't capture all of them, Doug, just reask the question. So qPCR royalty headwind in 2013, we're expecting to be $15 million, okay? Ion Torrent profitability, we expect it to hit breakeven to slightly above by the end of the year. R&D, we're expecting R&D, as a percent of sales, to be basically flat. And then, let me see, Q1, your question was, it tends to be lower than Q4, and we expect that, that basic pattern to hold for next year. And did we factor any other conservativism in there? I think the basic thing is -- no, I think what we expected, basically stable markets with the impact of sequestration is primarily what's driving our outlook for Q1. Mark, do you want to add anything there?
Mark P. Stevenson: That covers it.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: You got all 4, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Lawson with Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: I think, David, just a couple of quick questions. Around sequestration, what would be the bottom line impact? And then on the emerging markets, what's the scale of that business that drove that double-digit growth?
David F. Hoffmeister: So on the sequestration, basically there the rough math is, 1% on the top line, at standard company margins of 65%, 66%, that would be the flow-through to the bottom line. The emerging markets, so could you just elaborate that -- on your question there?
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: I was just -- you mentioned in the prepared script about driving double-digit growth. How big is that revenue?
David F. Hoffmeister: For all of our emerging markets? Our emerging markets are roughly 10% to 15% of our total revenue.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Vamil Divan with Crdit Suisse.
Vamil Divan - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So a couple of quick ones. One on the emerging markets, just following up on that last point. You mentioned some of the deals you did this year in China and Chile. Just wondering, should we expect more of those sorts of acquisitions as you grow out there and which countries maybe would you, could you highlight? And then the second one, just quickly on taxes. You mentioned the benefit of the R&D tax credits sliding from last year to this quarter. Just curious, what else is going on there? Just surprised that the full year rate maybe wasn't a little bit lower. And how we should think about that rate going forward?
Gregory T. Lucier: I'll take the first one. Dave, you take the tax question. Or Ronnie, do you want the tax question?
David F. Hoffmeister: I'll take that one.
Gregory T. Lucier: All right, just checking. In 2013, we have a roadmap of a number of countries where we will either build or buy, and to create a broader distribution capability in that particular country. So I think it's a safe assumption you'll hear a few more acquisitions in terms of expanding our commercial footprint in 2013.
David F. Hoffmeister: And on the tax rate, basically, it's a case of lower income in some of our -- lower income, as a percentage of our total income, in some lower tax jurisdictions. So for example, many of our instruments, qPCR instruments and our -- will be our Ion Torrent instruments, we're going to manufacture in Singapore. Sale of those instruments, as I said, in a funding-constrained environment, have grown less than they would have, and that's impacting our effective tax rate.
Carol A. Cox: Okay, great. Thank you, everyone. This concludes our fourth quarter and full year 2002 (sic) [ 2012 ] Earnings Conference Call. As always, if you have any additional questions, please just contact us here directly at the company. The webcast replay will be available on our website for the next 3 weeks. Thanks again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Carol A. Cox - Senior Vice President of External Affairs & Corporate Communications Gregory T. Lucier - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David F. Hoffmeister - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Mark P. Stevenson - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jeffrey T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Shaun Rodriguez - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Vijay Kumar - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Vamil Divan - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Bryan Brokmeier - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Life Technologies Corporation Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Ms. Carol Cox, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Carol A. Cox: Thank you, Jonathan. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Life Technologies Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. We issued our press release today a little after 1 p.m. Pacific Time. It posted it on our website at lifetechnologies.com, and we'll be filing it on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We've also posted a deck of slides to accompany the webcast today, which may be found on the Events and Presentations section of our Investor Relations website, along with our other additional earnings materials. Joining me on today's call are Greg Lucier, our Chairman and CEO; and Dave Hoffmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Mark Stevenson, our Chief Operating Officer, will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call to answer any questions. If you've not had a chance to review the earnings release, it can be found on our website, at lifetechnologies.com. I would like to remind our listeners today that our discussion will include forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. Important factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, are detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. It is our intent that these forward-looking statements be protected under the Safe Harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the GAAP -- excuse me, the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in today's press release or on our website. And with that, I will hand the call over to Greg.
Gregory T. Lucier: Thanks, Carol, and thank you to everyone who's joining us today as we provide an overview of our third quarter results and expectations for the remainder of the year. At a high level, we continue to gain momentum, as we expand into higher growth markets through partnerships, acquisitions and internal development. During the quarter, we entered into strategic business partnerships for companion diagnostics, completed the foundation of our Medical Sciences business with tuck-in acquisitions of Navigenics, Pinpoint and Compendia and acquired distributors in China and Chile to continue to extend our footprint in emerging markets. We achieved important milestones with several highly anticipated product launches, including the Ion Proton System, a platform whose speed, ease-of-use and affordability will democratize genome sequencing, as well as our Pervenio Lung test, the first-of-its-kind molecular test to identify early-stage lung cancer patients, who are at a high risk of reoccurrence following surgery. I'm extremely pleased with the progress of our management team is making across our business platforms and geographies. We are moving fast in a disciplined way. Now let me turn to the results. We finished the quarter ahead of our expectations as continued strength across several our businesses contributed to results. Revenue for the quarter came in higher than expected at $911 million, as significantly increased sales in our Ion Torrent platform driven by Ion Proton System sales and continued strong demand for the Ion PGM, as well as growth in Forensics and Research Consumables drove the 1.4% increase. Recall that this growth rate includes overcoming headwinds from the decline in sales of our SOLiD 5500 instruments. Our non-GAAP earnings per share came in at $0.92, ahead of our guidance due to slightly higher sales, higher-than-forecasted gross and operating margins and the benefit of a lower share count, as we continue to aggressively repurchase shares. Overall, our end markets remain largely in line with our expectations. In the U.S. and Europe, we continue to see a cautious but stable environment. Last quarter, we guided to growth in Europe of low single digits, which is generally what we saw in the third quarter with growth coming in at 2%. We saw a strength in Asia-Pacific and Japan, as well as our emerging markets where we continue to expand our operations. China continues to be a growth market for us, as we continue to invest there on multiple fronts, including expanding our operational capabilities. We completed the acquisition of Genewindows, Life's distributor, covering mainly the Invitrogen brand reagent portfolio in South and West China. This acquisition complements our go-direct strategy for consumables in mainland China. We also expanded our footprint with the completion of our state-of-the-art facility in Beijing, where we will manufacture advanced DNA testing solutions locally to help Forensics labs and law enforcement agencies solve crimes more cost effectively. Finally, we entered into a strategic partnership with Sino Biological, a leading Chinese biotechnology company and one of the largest cDNA recombinant protein and antibody product manufacturers and suppliers to biomedical and pharmaceutical research in the world. They have developed the capability to produce over 1,000 new recombinant protein bolts [ph] per year in house and have commercialized more than 10,000 products. Through this partnership, we will distribute Sino Biological's broad portfolio of products and jointly develop new proteomic products for additional obligations. During the quarter, we continued to execute on our development pipeline with product launches across several of our businesses, including the Ion Proton System, the PI Chip and the Pervenio lung cancer test I mentioned earlier. In addition to these launches in our Genetic Analysis and Medical Sciences businesses, we also launched GlobalFiler and GlobalFiler Express in our Forensics business. These 2 new DNA kits are revolutionizing how crime labs perform forensic testing around the world, making it faster, easier and cheaper to process DNA samples. By increasing the number of genetic markers by over 30%, GlobalFiler delivers the ability to recover significantly more information from forensic samples and increases discrimination power, resulting in faster and more powerful comparisons of forensic data to resolve crimes. To date, 44 countries have now implemented criminal offender DNA database programs, with a combined offender sample pool of 40 million and growing. On our last quarterly call, Ronnie Andrews joined us to talk about his vision for our Medical Sciences business. Since that time, we've continued to make progress. Earlier in October, we announced our acquisition of Compendia Bioscience, which will enable deeper engagement with an established customer base at leading pharmaceutical companies and will position Life as a partner of choice for drug and companion diagnostic development. Coupled with Navigenics and Pinpoint Genomics, tuck-in acquisitions in July, Compendia completes the foundation of our oncology strategy and positions Life to drive personalized medicine. In combining these assets, we are now able to extend a full range of clinical capabilities by developing high-value, proprietary content design and validation through the CLIA lab, delivering interpretation through informatics and ultimately impacting clinical insights through our physician portal. Compendia's oncology workflow can also be incorporated with the Ion Reporter software to enable our Ion customers with robust bioinformatics solutions for early phase clinical research. In addition to acquisitions, we entered into 2 partnerships that will help us build diagnostic content. We entered into our second agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb for current and future companion diagnostic projects, covering an initial project for oncology and providing a long-term partnership across a potentially broad range of life instrument platforms and a wide range of therapeutic areas. The pharmaceutical industry is increasingly turning its focus to discovering and delivering targeted personalized medications. As more and more targets -- targeted drugs come on to the market in the next decade, there will be a growing need for diagnostics that can help predict which patients will benefit from which drugs. For oncology alone, hundreds of agents are currently in clinical trials, and we can see an extremely strong market opportunity for the development of companion diagnostics. We're also working to bring next-generation sequencing into the clinical market and recently signed a nonexclusive license and supply agreement with VelaDx to develop clinical diagnostic tests on Ion PGM for oncology and virology. VelaDx is a privately funded company, led by management team with extensive experience in the pharmaceutical and diagnostic arenas. Under the terms of the agreement, VelaDx will utilize the PGM platform with their Sentosa workflow and their menu of molecular diagnostic tests. They will pursue FDA approval for their systems and kits, which are already in conformance with CE IVD regulations. The success of the clinical PGM platform, as is the case for most diagnostic platforms, will rely in part on the existence of a menu of tests that have high value in the market. We continue to seek our partners who are interested in helping us ensure that such a menu exists in multiple areas of clinical importance. Progress across our Ion semiconductor sequencing platform accelerated significantly during the quarter. We made improvements to the PGM and AmpliSeq product lines, including the launch of a 400-base pair sequencing kit and Torrent software, launched our new Ion Proton system and introduced several new additions to the technology road map, including Avalanche, an emulsion-free template preparation chemistry that will work on all Ion platforms and also allows us to bring a third chip to the Proton series, which we are now calling the PIII chip. We believe the Proton system is a real game changer as it truly opens up the market to affordable clinical exomes and genomes. The PIII chip brings with it new low cost and will make routine genome testing ordinary. In mid-September, we hosted our first annual Ion World Customer Conference, which was a resounding success, with over 10 customer talks characterizing our competitive advantages and 450 customers in attendance providing positive feedback and indicating an interest in the Ion platform. The road map we presented at Ion World shows that semiconductor sequencing technology continues to scale in every respect, and the scientists who shared their work at the event confirmed the system's relentless performance gains. Ion Torrent has emerged as the most outstanding value in sequencing. In just less than 2 years, read-length has gone from 100 to 400 base pairs and accuracy has improved from Q17 to Q30. Over the same period, the per-run throughput of semiconductor sequencing technology has increased a thousandfold, from 10 mega bases to 10 giga bases, delivering an approximately 5 hundredfold reduction in the sequencing cost per base to the user. These improvements now enable any sequencing application, from targeted resequencing and microbial sequencing, to exome sequencing and transcriptome sequencing and many others. Given today's limited capital budgets, we are making it even easier for scientists to make a long-term investment in a technology that will outperform their legacy system today and scale to exponentially greater throughput over time. We began shipping our Ion Proton system and the PI chip in September. We shipped over 100 systems in the third quarter. We are extremely pleased with the level of customer interest. The latent demand for Proton is more significant than we originally anticipated. The overall cost of the capital purchase, the ongoing service costs and run costs of traditional NGS instruments have significantly limited the number of research and clinical labs from participating in these markets directly. We are also receiving positive feedback from our early customers as they get up and running on Proton system. Several of our customers will be presenting data publicly over the next several weeks. These customers are getting over 10 giga bases in 2- to 3-hour runs, with 80 million reads, which is at the high end of the range we communicated and has a fourfold advantage over other bench top sequencers. Proton, using the PI chip, is the only bench top sequencer enabling whole exome and whole transcriptome analysis today. And with the PII chip, it will enable whole genome analysis. Enabling these speeds will make the Proton system transformational for medicine, hospitals and testing laboratories and will truly democratize genome sequencing and bring it into the routine clinical testing. At Ion World, we announced we would be introducing 2 new automated templates preparation instruments, the Ion OneTouch 2 System and the Ion Chef System. The Ion OneTouch 2 system is ideal for labs with a Proton and media throughput requirements, while the Ion Chef system is ideal for labs with any level of molecular biology expertise or for labs with high throughput requirements. It automates the upfront sequencing workflow, going from library to loaded chips with just minutes of hands-on time and it's scheduled to ship in the first half of next year. Ion Chef further simplifies sample prep workflow and offers twice the productivity. Designed to support multiple Ion platforms, it can process either 2 PGM chips or 2 Proton chips per run with minutes of hands-on time. During the quarter, our business continued to generate strong free cash flow of $177 million. At the beginning of the year, we communicated our commitment to a balanced capital deployment approach where 50% of our available free cash flow would be returned to shareholders. To that end, during the third quarter, we spent an additional $208 million to repurchase shares, bringing our year-to-date total spend on share repurchases to $535 million, more than exceeding that goal. We have an additional $612 million remaining under our $750 million share repurchase program. The market dynamics we saw in the third quarter were largely as we expected with strong growth in the emerging markets and slower growth in mature markets like the United States and Europe. We continue to see the broader macro slowdown negatively affecting our European results, and in the U.S., we are now seeing some pullback in spending, as awareness of potential cuts to the NIH become more widespread. While we have remain optimistic that Congress and the President will do the responsible thing and reach a bipartisan deal to avoid the fiscal cliff, we are also prepared if they don't. The main point is that in this period of uncertainty, we, like others in this industry, have limited visibility to what impacts political decisions will have on the purchasing patterns of our U.S. research customers. Based on these dynamics, we expect our organic revenue growth in 2012 to be at 2% and could be slightly below that level if uncertainty around a debt deal increases in the U.S. market between now and the end of the fourth quarter. We continue to look for ways to reduce our operating costs including pulling back in some areas of discretionary spending in the fourth quarter. Assuming the benefit of these spending reductions, a potential pickup from improved currency rates and the lower share count resulting from capital allocation commitments we are executing on, we are increasing the low end of our EPS range by $0.05 to $3.95 and maintaining the top end of the range at $4. We continue to do our best to navigate through these uncertain times and remain committed to further diversifying our end market exposure. We are continuing to make investments in markets where we believe we have the growth opportunities that will make us increasingly more competitive and vibrant in 2013 and 2014. And with that, I'll turn it over to David.
David F. Hoffmeister: Thanks, Greg. Good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks today, I will provide an overview of our results for the third quarter and a more detailed commentary around our expectations for the fourth quarter and the full year. As Greg mentioned, we delivered third quarter revenue and earnings growth ahead of our internal expectations. Revenues of $911 million grew 1.4% year-over-year, excluding the impact of currency and were above the high end of the range of $900 million to $910 million we provided in July. Our non-GAAP earnings per share came in at $0.92, ahead of the previous guidance range of $0.87 to $0.90, primarily due to a solid operational performance and the benefit of a lower share count as we continued to repurchase shares. Our free cash flow for the quarter totaled $177 million. At a more detailed level, revenue, excluding currency by region, was as follows: the Americas declined 1%, Europe grew 2%, Asia-Pacific grew 10%, and Japan grew 4%. Taking a closer look at our business group results for the quarter. Research Consumables revenue decreased 3% to $384 million. Excluding currency, revenue increased 1% over the same period last year, driven by growth in our cell culture products, sample prep products and bench top instruments. Revenue for Genetic Analysis decreased 1% to $353 million for the third quarter compared to prior year. Excluding currency, revenue increased by 2%. The growth was primarily due to a significant step up in Ion Torrent instrument sales, as we launched the Ion Proton System late in September, and continued strong demand for the Ion PGM instruments and consumables. Offsetting some of this revenue growth was the expected headwind from SOLiD instrument sales and the decline in CE instruments, primarily due to one-time orders in the prior year quarter and the timing of some sales. While we had expected qPCR royalties to decline by approximately $7 million to $8 million year-over-year, the actual decrease was about $3 million as our team was able to offset declines with additional royalty licensing programs. Applied Sciences revenue was flat, at $174 million for the third quarter compared to prior year. Excluding currency, Applied Sciences grew 3%. The increase was driven primarily by higher forensic kit sales and qPCR Applied Sciences instruments. This increase was partially offset by lower sales of CE instruments due to one-time orders in the prior year quarter and an expected decline in BioProduction sales, which tend to fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. Gross margin decreased 50 basis points to 65.6% compared to prior year, driven by the impact of unfavorable currency and an increase in Ion Torrent instruments, partially offset by lower SOLiD 5500 instrument sales. On a sequential basis, gross margin was in line with the second quarter. Operating expenses of $343 million were $3 million higher on a year-over-year basis, principally due to our continued investment in Greater China and Medical Sciences. On a sequential basis, operating expenses were down as expected, due to our continued management of discretionary costs. Our operating profit totaled $255 million, a decrease of 7% over prior year. Third quarter operating margin was 28%, representing a decrease of 140 basis points. The decrease from the prior year was the result of lower gross margins and the higher operating expenses that I just discussed. In terms of other income line items, we had $400,000 of interest income, a loss of $2.8 million on foreign exchange and other items and interest expense of $29 million. Our tax rate for the quarter was 27.3%, slightly lower than the second quarter rate of 27.6%. Our diluted share count for the quarter was 177.3 million, a decrease of 9.6 million over the prior year, as we continued to repurchase shares as part of our overall capital deployment strategy. In Q3, we repurchased approximately 4.4 million shares for $208 million, and now have $612 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow statements. We are ending -- our ending cash and short-term investments were $299 million. This compares to last quarter's balance of $303 million. Cash from operating activities was $197 million. Capital expenditures were $20 million, and free cash flow was $177 million. Return on invested capital was approximately 9% for the quarter. Our ending debt as of September 30 was approximately $2.5 billion. This balance is made up of our senior notes of $2.3 billion plus some short-term debt. We expect to end the year within our target leverage range of 2.0x to 2.5x EBITDA. Now let me take a moment and talk about our outlook for the rest of 2012. As Greg said, we expect our revenue growth, excluding currency for the year, to be approximately 2%. Our intention is to offset any additional macroeconomic pressures through continued reductions in discretionary spending. As a result of these initiatives, we continued to expect our operating margin to expand in a range of 25 to 50 basis points for the year. Given our additional share repurchases in Q3, we're now expecting our full year share count to be in the range of 179 million to 180 million, down from the 180 million to 182 million we'd previously guided to. We expect our tax rate to be about 27.5% for the full year, assuming the R&D tax credit is reinstated in Q4. Taking into account these factors, we are increasing the lower end of our EPS range by $0.05 to $3.95 and maintaining the top end of the range at $4. And now let me provide additional color on the fourth quarter. Gross margins are expected to be up year-over-year, largely due to manufacturing productivity related to savings in material cost and lower inventory write-offs than last year, partially offset by lower royalty revenue and higher instrument sales. Our operating expenses are expected to be up year-over-year, as we continue to invest in Medical Sciences, partially offset by a reduction in discretionary spending. Currency has fluctuated considerably from month-to-month and continues to be highly variable. Net of the hedge benefit, currency at September month-end rates could negatively impact revenue by $11 million and EPS by a couple of pennies for the fourth quarter. Given these assumptions, we expect Q4 EPS to be in the range of $1.08 to $1.13. Those of you who saw our press release may have noticed that we had a section in there about subsequent litigation, and let me comment on that. About an hour prior to our earnings call, we received an unfavorable verdict in our litigation with Enzo Biochem relating to CE sequencing projects during the period 1998 to 2004. The relevant patent expired in 2004 prior to the acquisition of AB, so the verdict does not have any impact on our CE business going forward. The jury ruled that Life Technologies had infringed Enzo's intellectual property relating to reagent sales and gave a verdict in the amount of $48.5 million in favor of Enzo. As a result of today's verdict, we will record a GAAP-only expense of $48.5 million for the third quarter ended September 30, 2012. This will result in a reduction of GAAP net income of approximately $31.5 million, or $0.18 per diluted share. The current financial tables in our press release filed today do not reflect this expense, but we intend to file updated financial tables in an amended Form 8-K in the next 2 business days. As you recall, we had a similar situation with our litigation against Promega earlier this year, where the jury ruled against us. We appealed, and subsequently, the verdict was overruled. While we can't predict the outcome of litigation, we strongly disagree with the Enzo verdict and intend to vigorously challenge it in the trial court and on appeal. And with that, I'll hand the call back over to Carol.
Carol A. Cox: Great. Thanks, David. And, Jonathan, we'll open up the call now to questions and answers. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jon Groberg from Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Greg, if I can just focus on the top line for a second, you mentioned a lot of the -- obviously the uncertainty out there and some of the headwinds. If we think about -- one of the issues this year was obviously the fall off in SOLiD. Can you maybe talk a little bit how you're feeling with respect to Ion? You made a number of announcements obviously, that you went over again on the call here, but maybe what you're seeing in terms of Proton demand? A little -- maybe any more detail you're willing to provide and maybe how you think that translates into early next year? And then maybe also there's been a lot of questions around emerging markets. If you could maybe just kind of comment a little bit around what you're seeing maybe in China and emerging markets.
Gregory T. Lucier: You bet. Thanks, Jon, for the question. We're very positive of the Ion Torrent franchise. You've seen, just in the last 90 days, pardon the pun, a torrent of new product launches with the PI chip, the announcement of the PIII chip, entirely new sample preparation instruments, as well as chemistries, and an increasing uptake of the AmpliSeq panels being used in translational research. So we're very pleased with how this franchise just continues to grow, and it's tracking the original deal model when we acquired Ion Torrent about 2 years ago. So as we look to 2013, we see another, just phenomenal year of growth of this franchise and because of these new product launches, because of a build out of more focused sales teams now to call on laboratories that are doing translational research, we think that we'll have, again, another just banner year of sales growth. Maybe turning our attention then to your second question of emerging markets. I think you can see our strategy playing out is that as we see this research reagents and instruments industry mature and consolidate, our goal is to vertically integrate ever more forward into our distributors in countries where we're seeing really strong growth. Every time that we do that, we can have more direct conversations with scientists. We broaden the available products we sell, and we just have faster growth, and so we're staying the course. We like our strategy. We're investing where the growth is, and we think that ultimately this industry centers around just a couple of big players, and we're certainly going to be one of them.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amanda Murphy from JPMorgan -- I'm sorry, from William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: [Audio Gap] business, so I think this is discussed last quarter as well, that you've been running at that 1% run rate. So -- and obviously, there's uncertainties around funding, but how are you thinking about that, that business next year and longer term? Is it fair to say there's some pent up demand there, or do you think you can drive that growth back up to what is a more normal run rate?
Gregory T. Lucier: I'm sorry, Amanda, your -- the first part of your question got cut off. So if you could repeat the first part?
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I'm sorry. I was just asking about the underlying consumables business and just the growth rates there. Obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty for the rest of this year, but I was curious how you're thinking about that for the longer term. It's been running at that 1% sort of growth rate. Is this something where we can think about pent-up demand next year, when we're passed all the uncertainties? Or what's the right sustainable growth rate for just as a base underlying consumables business?
Gregory T. Lucier: You bet. So let's look at that question maybe by geographical split. So in Europe, you have seen the industry, just due to the external market demand ease down to that lower single digits, and we think, at least in the next year, that's about where it's going to remain. If we go over to Asia and the emerging markets like Middle East and South America, we're seeing much more robust growth for those consumables, and so we think actually that continues to grow at a nice pace in 2013. So the real question mark then of your question is the United States and what happens. And clearly we've seen this moderation of demand in 2012 due to all the uncertainties coming out of Washington, D.C. Look, our hope is that this thing settles out here between now and hopefully the beginning of the year and that we enter into 2013 in the United States with more reasonable, consistent demand going forward. Certainly, that's what all the universities, research institutes want. And at least we're hopeful that smart minds and mature minds prevail in Washington to bring about some certainty here in government funding. So we'll have to see, but our hope here is that the United States returns to a little bit better growth, in which case I think you'll see us move up from that 1% growth that we've experienced this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: As we think about guidance and what you're implying here for the fourth quarter, you are calling for a nice acceleration then, Greg, you talked about the backdrop getting a little bit more difficult heading into the fiscal cliff. So can you talk about what gives you conviction in maybe 4% growth or so off a more difficult comp? Is that all Proton or are there other factors there?
David F. Hoffmeister: Let me take that one, Tycho. This is David. There are a couple of things in there. Certainly Proton and PGM are both important factors. They continue to accelerate. And absent some significant change in the macroeconomic environment, we think that growth will continue. Second, BioProduction was down in the third quarter. We think that will come back to growth in the fourth quarter. And then finally, we have some new products that we're introducing in Research Consumables, and we think there'll be a step up there. And then finally, as we talked about in the third quarter, there are a number of large deals in Forensics that we expect will close in the fourth quarter. So it's basically those 4 things.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and if I could just squeeze in one quick follow-on. Can you comment on the LabCorp announcement today? Just curious if you wanted to say anything.
Gregory T. Lucier: We're well aware of that litigation. We're -- think it's baseless, and we'll defend our position vigorously.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk from Piper Jaffray.
William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Admittedly, this is perhaps beating a dead horse here, Greg, but I just wanted to think a little bit about your comments regarding the slowdown. Can you talk to us -- is this -- I guess how recently have you seen this? Is this perhaps related at all to the election? Or do you think this is everything to do with the impending fiscal cliff? And assuming that, as you mentioned, clear heads in Washington prevail, that we'll get that ship righted?
Gregory T. Lucier: Well, I don't have any more insights than what I said. I think what you've heard from the corporation then is that we're really clear eyed about what's happening here around us once the election gets settled and the work gets underway to avoid the fiscal cliff. And based on all that mix, we're still improving the bottom end of our guidance. And as David answered, we're expecting actually a better organic growth in the fourth quarter because of some factors that are unique to us. So all of that gamish [ph] together produces the earnings per share that we're forecasting right now.
William R. Quirk - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. And if I could sneak in a quick follow-up to David. Just thinking about the better-than-expected RT-PCR royalties in the third quarter, should we expect that to roll into the fourth and into 2013 as well?
David F. Hoffmeister: No, for the fourth quarter, we expect our royalties, qPCR royalties, to be at down around $10 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tony Butler from Barclays.
Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Greg, I appreciate the amalgamation of diagnostic assets that you put together, but you've launched a really interesting lung cancer test in the quarter, and I remember what Ron Andrews said in the previous quarter. But can you actually -- what I didn't exactly get from his discussion and now that this has been launched, what's the actual go-to-market strategy here? Can you tell me -- or are you actually going directly to physicians and are they then therefore ordering, or is there some other method? And then the second question, perhaps more for David, is Japan obviously strong. I understand the weak comp, but sequentially, seem to look better. Is there something going on there that was unusual in this quarter?
Gregory T. Lucier: You bet. So with the Pervenio Lung Cancer test, it is the first of a broader menu in lung cancer that is going to be emerging from the company. And because of that, we have invested in building already here in the third quarter, we think, an extremely experienced channel direct sales force to start calling on those surgeons that are doing this type of work. We're going to be doing the testing initially in the old Navigenics CLIA lab, but ultimately our goal is to seek an IVD approval for that test and then democratize it in a kit form on our instruments worldwide. So that's the strategy, is to go direct, and again we're extremely excited that, as you'll see, this is the first of a broader menu to really focus in on lung cancer. Maybe just I'll take the second part of your question, and David can complement it, but our Japanese business is extremely well managed. It just continues to do well in what is essentially a flat economy over there, and so I don't think there's anything extraordinary in Japan per se other than just some good performance. But, David, maybe you want to add a little more color to it?
David F. Hoffmeister: No, that's absolutely right. I mean, Ion sales were strong. Forensics was strong, offset by lower SOLiD sales. But if you look at the previous quarters, Q2 was 2%. Q3 was 4%, and we grew again around 4% this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin from Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's Derik. So I'm curious, you said you shipped 100 Protons during the quarter. So how much of those are recognized as sales? And I'm just curious in the ASP and just overall on what the backlog is on the Proton.
David F. Hoffmeister: Well, let me comment on how many were recognized in terms of revenue, and then Mark can comment on the pipeline and what we see for Q4. Basically all of them were recognized, when shipped. We went through the same process that we went through on SOLiD and the PGM to establish installation as being basically perfunctory, and so we recognize revenue upon shipment.
Mark P. Stevenson: And we did go into the fourth quarter here -- this is Mark, Tycho, with a backlog of instruments that we'll ship. And we're now installing those instruments and getting them up and going and working through that backlog. It was a large bolus of shipments we obviously shipped to the end of the quarter, and now our service and support team is preparing for labs and getting ready. And some of these early customers who had their instrument installed will be presenting data next week at the American Society of Human Genetics.
Gregory T. Lucier: And then the final part of your question was what the average selling price was, and it was roughly $200,000.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: $200,000. Okay, all right. And I guess I'm going to sneak in one final one since Mark called me Tycho, I'm going to sneak in another one. That's okay, I'm better looking than Tycho. On the M&A deal that you've done recently, how do we look at the revenues from those going forward, and how do we -- suppose to think about them, I mean, was there any contribution from revenue this quarter on -- from the M&A deals, and how do we sort of -- I'm just curious on how do we model that?
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes. So there was really no revenue at all from any of those acquisitions in the quarter and de minimis revenue even in the fourth quarter from these deals. If anything, we're absorbing the additional cost structure to be investing into this oncology franchise that we're building out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Elliott from Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I was hoping you could comment on what you're seeing from the pharma and biotech end market? What are you seeing for demand and pricing? And just if I could sneak in another one. Any impact you've seen from Sandy? I know it's early.
Gregory T. Lucier: On the first one, the pharmaceutical/biotech field is mixed. It's a bit better than the academic environment, but I think when you answer the question you've got to go more account by account and understand the dynamics at each one. So it's a stable demand, it's better than academia. And in that customer subsegment, the biotech is even better than the big pharma. On Sandy, I would just say it's probably too soon to tell in terms of what impact it'll have at all on the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Brennan from Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Maybe just on Proton. Maybe just some more color about maybe the types of customers, if you could give us some insight there? Researchers, clinical, maybe kind of big centers versus smaller, and then related to that the company's ability to scale to meet the anticipated demand.
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes. So with regard to the distribution of customers, it really was a mixture of customers. I would say the majority went into smaller sort of academic labs getting up and going. There was a relative proportion went into the clinical labs. It's roughly about the same breakdown as we've had in PGM. So I would say about 20% to 30% of that is going into our clinical segment, and the rest into research at this point. We are very well set up in terms of the demand in terms of building the instrument. We are, as I mentioned, working through the backlog. It's just a large number of labs that now we've shipped to that we need to just work through that backlog to get customers set up in their labs and set up and running. And we're working through that as we go through this quarter.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And any color on whether some of the placements are competitive or you -- in terms of in a lot of the smaller labs, maybe this is the democratization you're just -- it's kind of greenfield. But I'm just wondering, is there any breakdown between where there was a competitive win versus a lab that didn't have any sequencing before?
Mark P. Stevenson: No, we're certainly seeing competitive in all of the sales. Everyone's comparing ourselves and the competitor, and we're coming out well in terms of what we know we're strong on, which is the speed of the turnaround of the assay. The [indiscernible] scalability to scale up and get an exome done there in Proton in a couple of hours. And then just the price for data point. A lot of these labs just don't have the cost of the infrastructure to invest in bigger capital instruments. And so the price point that we have in the Proton just opens up this market to be democratized.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shaun Rodriguez from Cowen and Company.
Shaun Rodriguez - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: On the Q2 call in the context of your third quarter and full year guidance, at that time you were targeting about 4% organic growth in the fourth quarter with, I believe, the 2 key drivers being Ion and particular Applied Science orders. So you had a bigger Applied Science third quarter than at least we expected. So I just wanted to know if those particular Applied Science orders are still expected in Q4, or whether some of those might have come in earlier than you originally intended.
Gregory T. Lucier: We do still expect the orders in Q4, and we did close some deals in the third quarter. But we expect approximately the deals that we are anticipating in the fourth quarter remain essentially the same.
Shaun Rodriguez - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And one more quick one, if you could talk about how utilization is trending on PGM and here I'm thinking more among your earlier adopters and whether you're seeing the launch of Proton have a material impact on PGM.
Mark P. Stevenson: We're not seeing the launch of Proton have any impact on the consumption of PGM. In fact, what we're generally seeing is an increased uptick in the consumables, particularly as we worked through -- we're now introducing the improved sample prep, the OneTouch. We've improved the informatics Ion Torrent reporter. So those are really the main drivers of then increased chip and consumable usage. So we're seeing a good demand and then we've added on to that the new AmpliSeq chemistry. And so that's seen a considerable uptake for us in just demand for customers running panels on their PGM. So we see a good uptake on that, and that's really a separate market to what people will run in their protons, which will be exomes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard from Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: I'll try to squeeze 2 questions into one. Hoping you could give us an update on your progress on installing the Protons you shipped. And then secondly, appreciate the color on the Ion Chef. Wondering if you could offer us some color on feedback on the OneTouch version 2.0 and what gets customers incrementally excited about that or where the differences lie between the first version?
Gregory T. Lucier: You bet. So I'll take the first part. Mark will take the Ion Chef. In terms of our installation schedule, as Mark had said earlier, we have a very methodical schedule between now and the end of the quarter to get all of our installs up and running. We have followed, in the first couple of weeks, a very, I think, focused strategy on a few customers to start, and you'll actually be seeing some of their results at the ASHG conference next week, where they're getting record output of the Proton device. So we're extremely pleased with how it has been installed, how it's scaling up and now how we're moving out in terms of faster installation across all those customers that got the instruments. Mark, I'll defer to you in terms of that and Ion Chef.
Mark P. Stevenson: So in terms of the OneTouch 2 specifically we had very good feedback on that. We've made a number of improvements on the system as we launched the OneTouch 2, which is the sample prep for the Proton, and we've also made available upgrades for the OneTouch existing system for our PGM customers. So good improvement on that, and then the Ion Chef, which we unveiled on our road map, will be available in the mid-half of next year. And really that allows us to automate, as customers get to even higher throughput or want to automate further that sample prep load and completely walk away from those 2 chips. That allows them that flexibility in automation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just want to, David, ask a quick accounting question about the FX. I think you gave the net number on the impact of the P&L, but I was wondering if you could maybe help us walk through the impact through the various OpEx items, so we model this right going forward.
David F. Hoffmeister: I'm not sure -- that's probably a question better handled offline. Not sure I understand exactly what you're trying to get at, but it's probably too much detail to take everyone else through.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Well, if I could clarify, I want to make sure there are no significant items this quarter that were sort of a function of FX, either through SG&A or R&D, that we should be aware of as we model those items going forward.
David F. Hoffmeister: No, there's no change -- there is no difference in the way FX would impact our expenses this quarter than have been in the previous quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Muken from ISI Group.
Vijay Kumar - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: This is Vijay for Ross. I had one in -- your assumptions on price capture heading into fourth quarter and '13 for the base consumable business given the tightening budgets, sort of what are your thoughts around price capture?
Gregory T. Lucier: Well, maybe the best way to answer that question is looking forward into 2013. I mean, 2012 is basically done at this point. So as we look to 2013, we're expecting that the industry structure, which allows a couple points of price to continue to be the norm, and we'll be announcing price changes in the first quarter of next year accordingly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vamil Divan from Crdit Suisse.
Vamil Divan - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So just sort of similar to the question I think Amanda asked earlier on the consumables side, just in terms of the GA business, I'm trying to get a sense of how you guys view sort of the longer term growth rates there, not so much for the fourth quarter but looking into next year and even beyond if you want to say anything given the uptake we're seeing from PGM and Proton. And then I guess my second question, which is somewhat related, I know you've talked about seeking FDA clearance for PGM this year. Just how long you think that process will take just given the -- we don't really have great clarity from the FDA at this point in terms of what they're looking for and kind of how you envision the timing going in terms of getting final clearance.
Mark P. Stevenson: It's Mark. I'll tell you the first part on the Genetic Analysis. I mean, really, as we look forward slightly different to the research consumables where it's more into the macros. The real driver of growth will be in the Ion Proton, and the rest of the GA portfolio, you'll see, we think, continued stability in our qPCR franchise, which we're the leader in and continue to innovate in that in products that you've seen in ASHG, and you'll continue to see innovation with us next week at ASHG. And then we continue to see, in the research side, modest decline in the CE part, offset by the continued use of CE in validation of clinical samples. With regard to the submission for the Ion Torrent PGM, what we've decided to do is to continue to work and lock down the protocol and the reagents. We really made so much improvement in the read-length and the sample prep. We focused on locking that down to make sure that the system we submit really has a best read-length and accuracy. And we're about to lock that down soon and then we'll prepare and submit our 510(k). It's unknown towards the exact time it will take. And just from previous experiences of the 510(k) process, that could be anywhere from 6 months to 12.
Vamil Divan - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. I guess one follow-up, just on that. Have they given any sort of guidance, just talking to the clinical customers, they like when things are obviously locked down and stable, and obviously the FDA likes that too, but just the fact that you're making these updates so rapidly. Will there be a way to keep up with the updates? Or once you file, are we going to see some sort of gap before we get another approval for an updated platform for a clinical use?
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes, for the PGM Dx, specifically, we'll lock it down for clinical use. So that's typically what we would do, and then any further updates would improve them. So it will be a system that's validated, and that's also will reduce the number of updates and that's what our clinical customers who are currently either running in a CLIA lab or running outside the U.S. in a regulated environment, that's what we'll do for those customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Bryan Brokmeier from Maxim Group.
Bryan Brokmeier - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: A little bit into the backlog, which you commented on earlier, of the backlog of the Ion Proton. Would you expect -- with backlog you ended with, or where you are right now and with ASHG coming up in your expectations for the number of orders that you'll receive there, do you anticipate a sequential increase in Ion Proton shipments in the fourth quarter?
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes.
Bryan Brokmeier - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Any -- and I guess just a little bit more on that is, how should we sort of think about the consumable pull through and the ramp of that for the overall PGM business, particularly now with the Ion Proton install base?
Gregory T. Lucier: Well, I think we're still -- we have no reason to go away from our original assumption in terms of what the PGM usage has been. We're currently somewhere around $50,000 per year per PGM. What our original assumption was that as more and more applications are developed, that would ramp up to around $80,000. And $80,000, basically, is 3 runs per week with a $500 chip.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Lawson from Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: [Audio Gap] [indiscernible] That still remains a large stumbling block for adoption it seems. What's going on there for Life? And then we've also heard a number of accounts returning Ion Torrent systems. What's happening there?
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes, Peter, the first part of your question got cut off. So what were you saying is the stumbling block?
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Bioinformatics, just the fact that there's this extensive buildout that MiSeq and HiSeq have had for the bioinformatics side of things. Just wonder what's going on inside Life helping support customers?
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes, let me take the second part first, which is this kind of urban legend that there's a bunch of returns of Ion Torrent. I think that would be completely erroneous. And in fact, that would be negligible at best, if any. So I think analysts have focused on that, but I think that is misinformation. On the first part about bioinformatics, Mark, maybe you could talk a little more at length on that?
Mark P. Stevenson: We've heavily invested in 2 aspects I would say. One we've essentially put the server for the genome center in the box. So when you get a Proton, you've actually got all the IT system and the reader board and everything is on the latest electronics. So that's a major change, and then the second investment is to make it easy in the interpretation through the Ion suite and the Ion Reporter. We have a large set of informatics tools that help people take, say, for example, the cancer panel that we've done all the way through to read that out to do their clinical research. So that's a big investment that we've made to make it simple. The third part we're doing is enabling the Ion community. So third party plug-in softwares can enable. That maybe include plug-in softwares now like the Compendia that Greg mentioned earlier, but also other third-party tools plug into that.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: And Greg, so you've seen returns, but they're of low number?
Mark P. Stevenson: I would clarify, we've seen no returns.
Gregory T. Lucier: No returns. Complete misinformation.
Carol A. Cox: Jonathan, do we have any more questions? Or is that everyone?
Operator: This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program.
Carol A. Cox: All right. Great. Well, thank you, everyone. If you want to provide the replay information, that will be fine. And we're happy to take calls here at the office afterwards.
Operator: Certainly. The archived webcast of today's program will be available on Life Technologies website for 3 weeks.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marc N. Casper - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Strategy & Finance Committee and Member of Science & Technology Committee Peter M. Wilver - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer
Analysts: Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Vamil Divan - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Derek De Vries - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Pete Wilver, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts and Presentations, until August 24, 2012. A copy of the press release of our 2012 second quarter and future expectations is available on our website under the heading Financial Results. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available in the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also, during this call, we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our first quarter 2012 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Information. With that, I will now turn the call over to Marc Casper.
Marc N. Casper: Well, good morning, and this is Marc. And don't worry, I know Pete is here as well as is Ken, and I know from our investors' perspective, Ken is always the highest rated IR executive out there in the industry, and he's smiling next to me. So no anxiety should be on the phone, we actually have good news to report throughout this call. So I'm pleased to report that we had another excellent quarter, with record Q2 results on both the top and bottom line. The quarter was all about execution. Our team executed well to deliver solid revenue growth and another quarter of double-digit growth in adjusted EPS. Our strong performance in the first half puts us in very good position to achieve our revenue and earnings goals for the full year. I'll frame my remarks this morning by first covering the financial highlights, give you a sense of what we're seeing in our key end markets relative to our results, and then review some of the exciting new developments we announced during the quarter and in recent weeks. First, the financials. As I mentioned, we delivered record adjusted EPS again this quarter, a 23% increase over 2011. Our revenue grew by 9% over last year. Our adjusted operating income increased 16% in Q2, and we achieved 110 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion. Our Q2 results clearly show that our teams are focused on the right priorities. Our growth initiatives are delivering real value for our customers, and our ongoing cost actions are strengthening the bottom line. On the growth side of the equation, our investments in Asia-Pacific are really paying off, with strong results again this quarter. I'll mention a little more on that in a few moments. In new products, we're seeing nice uptake across our analytical instruments portfolio, and we continue to innovate to keep that pipeline full. Our unique value proposition is clearly resonating across a broader customer set from pharma and biotech where we initiated the approach, to medical device manufacturers, reference and contract testing labs as well. Turning to cost actions for a moment. This is an area that we're always extremely focused on and is a key contributor to our margin expansion. Our PPI and PPI Lean business systems are a way of life at Thermo Fisher, and they have helped earn us a reputation for operational excellence. While PPI is just one of the ways that we drive margin expansion, as you know, we have multiple levers we can pull, and in the environment we're managing through today, this gives us the ability to quickly adapt to changing market conditions. For example, our restructuring actions are being implemented smoothly and are contributing to our growth on the bottom line. Let me now put our second quarter performance in the context of our key end markets. We all know the world is uncertain. We're focused on planning accordingly and adjusting as necessary, always with a sharp eye on using our unique depth of capabilities to gain competitive advantage. I'll start with a focus on our 4 key end markets and then I'll comment on our performance in the major geographies. From an overall perspective, our end markets remain consistent with what we've been seeing in recent quarters. Let me provide a bit more detail. Starting with academic and government. These markets are consistent with what we've been seeing so far this year. They're still down low-single digits, as we expected, so our outlook here hasn't changed. As we said last quarter, our customers remained active in their research efforts, and Laboratory Consumables spending has been steady despite the capital equipment side being somewhat constrained. Turning to healthcare and diagnostics. Conditions were basically a continuation of what we've seen over the last several quarters. In particular, sales of clinical diagnostic products remained very robust, driven largely by ongoing strength in our biomarkers business. In industrial and applied markets, we continue to do very well, in aggregate, with high-single-digit growth, even though not surprisingly, we did see some softness in Europe. We saw strong sales and bookings for our long lead time process analyzers again this quarter, particularly from key customers in the mining industry. Last, we continue to see strength in pharma and biotech, where we believe we continue to gain share. Our BioProcess Production business had another great quarter. Demand for sera, media and single-use disposable products was driven by growth in biotherapeutics in the U.S. and increased production of vaccines and biosimilars in Asia-Pacific countries. Let me make a few comments on end markets from a geographic perspective. We did see some weakening in Europe during the quarter as expected, although the positive news is that we're still growing there. We saw excellent growth in Asia-Pacific, and our performance there was slightly stronger than in Q1. On the topic of Asia-Pacific, let me mention here that our company level strategy to expand our presence in emerging high-growth markets is really paying off. We had good growth in India and South Korea, and our team in China delivered another quarter of revenue growth, topping 20%. Growth in China is coming from investments our customers are making across our key end markets, including Biopharma, healthcare and environmental monitoring. We continue to attract top talent in China as we build out our manufacturing, R&D and commercial capabilities to fully leverage our value proposition and gain market share. Now I'll turn to a few of the business highlights in the second quarter, all of which are great examples of how we're creating value for our customers by strengthening our industry-leading offering. I said last quarter that I believe 2012 will be a banner year for innovation, and judging from the range of significant new products we've launched so far this year, I stand by that statement. You may recall the long list of products we launched in Q1, including the TRACE 1300 gas chromatograph, the new iCAP Q ICP mass spec and our next-generation portable Raman instrument, the TruNarc. I'm pleased to report that we're seeing very good customer uptake from these products. We continued our innovation streak in Q2, with a number of launches at 2 important industry conferences for us, ASMS and ACHEMA. Let me give you a few of the highlights. First, I'll cover ASMS, which as most of you know, is the world's premiere gathering of scientists who are interested in learning how the latest mass spec technologies can accelerate their work. It's always a terrific opportunity for us to showcase our industry-leading offering, specifically our Orbitrap hybrid platform, which remains far and above the industry standard. We launched our Q Exactive system a year ago, and it continues to hit the ball out of the park for our research customers. This year, we enhanced the capabilities of this flagship instrument by launching 3 next-generation software packages that help our customers fully leverage the power of the Q Exactive in key applications from research to applied markets. These are among the 8 software packages we introduced at ASMS. In terms of new instruments, we launched the Exactive Plus LC/MS system for laboratory customers who need to perform high-volume screening in a range of applications from metabolomics to environmental analysis and food safety testing. The beauty of the Exactive Plus is that it can be readily upgraded to match the higher performance of the Premiere Q Exactive. We also introduced the new triple quad at ASMS, the TSQ 8000, so customers can view targeted compounds at much lower concentrations. This is especially relevant for food safety and environmental testing applications. Turning to ACHEMA, which took place in late June, we showcased a range of products designed to help customers meet their productivity goals, whether they're working in pharma and biotech, petrochemical or applied markets. The headliner at ACHEMA was our new iS50 FT-IR Spectrometer, the first research-grade FT-IR instrument designed for simple one-touch operation. The iS50 combines accessory, software and our industry-leading FT-IR capabilities to create a powerful workforce instrument capable of extracting vast amounts of information from a wide range of samples. If you look at all of the new product launches so far this year, you'll see that we've had a significant new development in almost every one of our core analytical instrument platforms. We look forward to updating you on new developments in the balance of the year, as well as the customer uptake of new technologies we've launched in the past few months. We've also strengthened our customer offering by deploying capital on strategic M&A. In May, we announced our acquisition of Doe & Ingalls, a premiere channel for specialty production chemicals and supply chain services for the life sciences industry. Doe & Ingalls strengthens our value proposition by adding products and services that address the production market within our customer base, which our channel has historically served from a research perspective. We now have the ability to help our customers manage risk, quality and total cost in our chemical supply chain to support their production needs. You all probably saw our announcement last week about our agreement to acquire One Lambda, the global leader in transplant diagnostics. We believe it will be an excellent addition to our Specialty Diagnostics portfolio because it will enhance our leadership with strong technologies that generate high margins and create opportunities for long-term growth. One Lambda has great technology. Its human leucocyte antigen and antibody tests are designed to improve the success rate for transplant patients. It's a nice complement to our immunosuppressant assays for monitoring drugs in transplant patients and gives us a comprehensive offering for the transplant testing workflow. We're also excited about being able to leverage our strength in emerging markets to accelerate One Lambda's penetration there. We expect the transaction to close in Q4. Both of these acquisitions are good use of our capital and meet all of our acquisition criteria. They strengthen our strategic position. They expand our offering for our customers, and they create value for our shareholders. Our capital deployment strategy also includes returning capital to our shareholders. Including the $100 million we spent to buy back our stocks in Q2, we have repurchased 400 million of our shares during the first half of this year. Last week, we announced an incremental buyback authorization of $500 million. If you add that to the $250 million we have remaining at the end of Q2, we have a total of $750 million available for buying back our stock in the second half of the year. Before I turn it over to Pete, let me give you a high-level view of our full year guidance. In thinking about our guidance halfway through the year, we went into it with a view that our end markets are playing out pretty much as we have expected, and strong execution by our teams has delivered very good financial performance. Our guidance reflects the addition of Doe & Ingalls, as well as our decision to divest our laboratory workstations business. It also incorporates somewhat more unfavorable FX rates. I'll let Pete get into the details, but the net result is that we now expect to achieve revenue between $12.14 billion and $12.26 billion in 2012. This results in 5% to 6% revenue growth year-over-year, which is the same growth that we've guided to all year. On the bottom line, we're raising our adjusted EPS guidance to a new range of $4.74 to $4.84, which would lead to 14% to 16% EPS growth over 2011. So let me summarize what I believe are the key takeaways from an outstanding quarter. The world has played out as we expected, and our teams executed very well, setting the right growth priorities while tightly managing costs. Our growth initiatives continue to deliver results, especially in new products and emerging markets. We complimented those activities with strategic M&A, and we look forward to adding One Lambda to our Specialty Diagnostics portfolio. All of this added up to a strong first half, and that positions us very well to deliver on our goals for the full year. Now I'll turn the call over to Pete Wilver. Pete?
Peter M. Wilver: Thanks, Marc. Good morning, everyone. Similar to last quarter, I'm going to start with an overview of the total company's financial performance, and then I'll provide some color on each of our 3 segments before moving on to our updated guidance. As Marc mentioned, we moved our laboratory workstations business to discontinued operations effective with Q2 reporting. So all the continuing operations numbers I'm going to share with you today have been revised to exclude this business from both current and prior periods. As Marc said, our strong financial results this quarter were driven by really solid execution by our teams. This led to another quarter of double-digit growth in adjusted EPS, with a 23% increase to a second quarter record of $1.22. GAAP EPS in Q2 was $0.63, down 54% from $1.36 in the prior year's quarter, primarily as a result of the gain on divestitures last year. GAAP EPS includes a $0.02 operating loss in the laboratory workstations business. So we would have reported $0.02 lower adjusted EPS and 21% growth have we not discontinued this business. Still a great quarter. Starting with the top line. Total revenue increased 9% year-over-year. On a pro forma basis, as if Dionex and Phadia were owned for the second quarter in 2011, reported revenue was up 1%, and organic revenue was up 4%. Pro forma revenue included 1% growth from acquisitions other than Dionex and Phadia, which was more than offset by a 3% headwind from foreign currency translation. Please note that the components of the change in revenue do not sum due to rounding. We continue to strengthen our backlog with bookings exceeding revenue by $15 million or about 0.5%. Looking at revenue by geography, our growth profile was pretty consistent with what we've been seeing for the past few quarters. North America and Europe grew in the low-single digits. Asia-Pacific grew in the low-double digits, with China coming in strong once again at over 20% growth, and the rest of world grew in the low-single digits. Turning to adjusted operating income,our teams once again delivered strong bottom line results. Q2 adjusted operating income was up 16%, reflecting great execution. Adjusted operating margin was up 19% or 110 basis points. Our margin expansion was driven by good pull-through on our organic growth, strong contribution from our productivity and cost actions and solid accretion from recent acquisitions. Similar to the last couple of quarters, inflation on resin and other oil-based products continues to be a minor headwind, but we continue to deliver on our sourcing efforts and more than offset these pressures. As I mentioned last quarter, we continue to see the benefit of the $100 million restructuring program that we initiated last year and realized about $16 million of benefit in the quarter. As a reminder, we expect to achieve about $50 million of benefit this year and an incremental $15 million in 2013. We're also evaluating additional restructuring actions and continuing to maintain tight controls on our spending, given the uncertainty in some of our end markets. Moving onto the details of the P&L. As a reminder, the Dionex and Phadia acquisitions both have higher-than-average gross margins, as well as higher-than-average SG&A and R&D expense. So until they anniversary, you'll continue to see that impact in our year-over-year margins. Total company adjusted gross margin came in at 44.7% in Q2, up 210 basis points from the prior year for another strong quarter of gross margin expansion. The improvement in gross margin came as a result of solid productivity, driven by global sourcing, site consolidations and our PPI business system in addition to the benefit from acquisitions. Adjusted SG&A in Q2 was 22.6% of revenue, up 80 basis points from the 2011 quarter, primarily as a result of acquisitions. And finally, R&D expense came in at 3% of revenues, up 10 basis points year-over-year, again, as a result of acquisitions. Below the line, net interest expense was the same as last quarter at $51 million, which was $18 million above Q2 last year as a result of the debt we issued last year to fund the acquisitions. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 17.2%, down slightly from Q1 and down 280 basis points from last year, primarily as result of acquisition tax synergies and our ongoing tax planning efforts. During the quarter, we deployed another $100 million of cash to buy back 2 million shares of our stock, and average diluted shares were $369 million in the quarter, down $1 million from Q1 and down $17 million or 4% from last year, reflecting the benefit of our 2011 and 2012 share buybacks. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. We had excellent cash flow this quarter. Year-to-date cash flow from continuing operations was $909 million, and free cash flow was $782 million year-to-date after deducting net capital expenditures of $127 million. Year-to-date free cash flow was up 38% year-over-year, primarily as a result of higher income, lower cash taxes and improved working capital, partially offset by higher interest expense. We ended the quarter with about $735 million in cash and investments, down $56 million from Q1, primarily as a result of paying down some of our outstanding commercial paper, and our total debt at the end of Q2 was $6.5 billion, down $143 million from Q1. So with that, let me turn to this quarter's performance by each of our 3 segments. Starting with Analytical Technologies, total revenue grew 8%. On a pro forma basis, assuming Dionex was owned for the full quarter in the prior year, Analytical Technologies' total revenue increased 1% and organic revenue growth was 5%. Consistent with last quarter, we saw strong growth in instruments sold to industrial and applied markets, as well as in our businesses serving BioProcess Production. Adjusted operating income in Analytical Technologies increased 10%, and adjusted operating margin was 17.5%, up 40 basis points. Margin expansion was driven by strong pull-through on organic growth and contribution from our productivity actions, partially offset by strategic investments, inflation and product mix. Turning to the Specialty Diagnostics segment. Total revenue grew 28%. On a pro forma basis, assuming Phadia was owned in the second quarter of the prior year, total revenue increased 1% and organic revenue grew 3%. Also consistent with last quarter, we continue to see strong growth in clinical diagnostics, which was partially offset by weak demand in Southern Europe. Adjusted operating income in the segment increased 47%, with adjusted operating margin at 27.2%, up 340 basis points, primarily as a result of acquisitions. In the Laboratory Products and Services segment, total revenue grew 2% and organic revenue increased by 4%. In the quarter, we had solid growth in Laboratory Consumables, and our Clinical Trials Logistics business continued to deliver strong results. Adjusted operating income in Laboratory Products and Services grew 1%, with adjusted operating margin coming in at 14.2%. This was 30 basis points below the year-ago quarter, but up 20 basis points sequentially from Q1, so we're continuing to increase profitability in this segment. Now moving on to our guidance. As you saw in our press release, we're updating our 2012 guidance to reflect classification of the laboratory workstations business as a discontinued operation, the acquisition of Doe & Ingalls and more unfavorable foreign currency exchange. The bridge from the midpoint of our previous guidance, removing lab work stations and lower FX rates, reduced revenue by about $185 million and $40 million, respectively, offset by about $75 million of additional revenue from Doe & Ingalls. Combined with our solid first half results, this leads to a new revenue guidance range of $12.14 billion to $12.26 billion, which represents reported growth of 5% to 6% compared to our prior year revenue of $11.56 billion. On a pro forma basis, as if Dionex and Phadia were owned for all of the prior year, the midpoint of our organic growth guidance remains at about 3%, no change from our previous guidance. In terms of FX, the estimated full year impact is increased to $365 million, which results in a 3% headwind on our reported revenue and adjusted EPS, and we're assuming that completed acquisitions other than Dionex and Phadia will contribute approximately 1% to our expected growth in 2012. We also recently announced the acquisition of One Lambda and an additional $500 million share buyback authorization, along with an expected debt issuance of $1.3 billion to fund these 2 activities. We've not included any benefit from One Lambda in our guidance as we don't expect to close that acquisition until Q4. However, we have included the favorable impact of the share buyback and the unfavorable impact of interest expense related to prefunding the acquisition debt. As usual, we haven't attempted to forecast future foreign exchange rates, and our guidance does not include any future acquisitions or divestitures. In terms of our full year 2012 adjusted EPS guidance, with the strong first half of the year under our belt and with the impact of these actions that I just described, we're raising the high and low ends of our guidance, as well as tightening the range, resulting in a $0.02 increase to the midpoint. Our revised adjusted EPS guidance range is $4.74 to $4.84, which represents 14% to 16% growth over 2011. To again bridge from the midpoint of our previous guidance, Doe & Ingalls adds about $0.02, and there's another $0.02 increase from the net impact of the share buyback and debt issuance. This $0.04 increase is offset by $0.02 of negative pull-through on the more unfavorable foreign currency translation. In terms of adjusted operating margin, we're still expecting expansion of 70 to 90 basis points for the year. And below the line, we're expecting our net interest expense to be up about $70 million to $75 million over last year and up about $15 million versus our previous guidance as a result of the expected new debt issuance, and our adjusted income tax rate to remain in the range of 17% to 18%. We're estimating our full year average diluted share count to be in the range of 364 million to 368 million, down 4% to 5% from last year, and down 1% from our previous range due to the additional share buyback authorization. This estimate assumes that we use the remaining $750 million of our current share buyback authorization through December of this year. Finally, we're assuming that we'll deploy $150 million towards dividends this year and we expect capital expenditures to be the range of $300 million and $310 million. In interpreting our guidance ranges, as I've stated previously, you should focus on the midpoint as our most likely view of how we see 2012 playing out. Results above or below the midpoint will depend on the relative strength of our markets during the balance of the year. So before we turn to Q&A, let me say that I'm very pleased to report an excellent second quarter and a strong first half of the year that positions us very well to meet our growth goals in 2012. Ken?
Kenneth J. Apicerno: Operator, we are ready to take calls.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Jon Groberg from Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: So first, I want to -- I really appreciate all the color that you gave, Marc, but I wondered if you could talk a little bit more -- unless I missed it, you didn't say much about the U.S. and before we've been talking about a bit of a slowing in U.S. I'm just curious kind of what you're seeing specifically in the U.S. and what your outlook there is for the second half of the year.
Marc N. Casper: So, Jon, U.S. was slightly stronger than the first quarter, but not materially so. So U.S. is hanging in there with low-single digit organic growth.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: And is that the expectation for the second half as well?
Marc N. Casper: As we look at the second half, basically, when we started the year, we looked at organic growth being around 3% for the full year. We have -- staying with that guidance, so we had 4% first half organic growth, so that implies a 2% organic growth in the second half, and that basically implies a little bit of a slow down. But that's more likely to be in the U.S. and Western Europe than it is really in Asia-Pacific. So it's probably slightly slow in the second half, but we don't really forecast by geography. We typically forecast by our businesses.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Sure, I understand. And then the second, as a follow-up on that, I think you both kind of mentioned the past restructuring, but also same, like given the environment, is very uncertain. So considering maybe doing more, can you maybe just talk about, one, what the trigger would be for that and two, what that would entail on your end?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, the way that we think about it is we're always looking at our cost base, right? And that last year, we specifically put in $100 million program that we've been executing against. But in addition to that, we've been looking at selective cost actions, and those programs are not -- those actions that makes sense and have the right result for the mid- and long-term health of the business. We're taking those actions as we go. So it's probably incremental to it, but it's not under the banner of some incremental programs. It is more good management of the business.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ross Muken from ISI Group.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So as far back as I can remember, at least, since you've taken over, Marc, this was probably the best quarter organically you had versus peers. As you look at sort of the components of where you saw strength, and I know you probably haven't had much time to check out all the earnings reports like we do. But I guess relative to either your internal expectations based on what you're seeing in the macro, based on what you had heard or throughout the quarter regionally, products, specific, et cetera, where do you feel like the biggest out-performance was for the business in the environment?
Marc N. Casper: So Ross, thanks for the question. Welcome back to the conference call. A couple of things. Actually, if you look at the results, and we do actually look at all of those reports, and we do read all of the competitor reports pretty much realtime. Actually, this quarter is actually very consistent to the last 2 quarters. So 3 quarters in a row, our organic growth has been very strong relative to the peer set. So I actually think you're seeing a nice consistent trend of us delivering very strong organic growth, 5% in Q4, 4% in Q1, 4% in Q2 and relative to the share gain initiatives we had. But I'd say where do I feel -- I think the teams are executing extraordinarily well. They're very focused on -- we have great products and are very focused on serving our customer needs. Our value proposition is incredibly relevant in today's environment, right? Our customers are living in a tougher world. They need productivity. They understand our scale. They understand our depth of capabilities. We've been at this for 5 years in terms of -- since the merger in building those capabilities and you're seeing us harvesting those hard work, and it's showing up in our organic growth results. So it's less about a particular geography or a particular product, it's really about a value proposition that resonates in today's environment. We feel great about it.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And maybe on the guidance increase on EPS, obviously, I think that's not something we've seen from many businesses in this environment, given the macro backdrop and what we saw in -- through the June time frame. And so as you guys were sort of debating the forecast and we're looking at sort of early trends in July, how comfortable were you? Or how did you think about sort of how aggressive you wanted to get with sort of the guidance move vis--vis sort of the bigger picture and what other large corporates were doing with their outlooks? And then I have sort of a clean-up question on that as well.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So Ross, in terms of guidance, the world isn't playing out, at least, the first half as we expected and articulated in February, right, when we set out our original guidance. So we expected Europe to get weaker as the year went on. We expected sequestration would not get resolved during this year. We factored those things into our guidance. So when you think about us sitting with good execution at the first half, and the world playing out as we laid out back at the beginning of the year, we don't see a big change in those expectations. When you look at the various actions that we've taken, we've kept the organic growth guidance the same, and which means that we are -- we have a couple of points deceleration in the second half, which is a cushion if you will, right, versus the way we've been trending. But we think that's realistic, given the market outlook. And when you look at the fact that we're doing an incremental buyback, you look at the fact that we closed a nice acquisition in Doe & Ingalls, those things are net positives even offsetting the headwinds from FX. So the $0.02 increase to the midpoint is, we think, a good reflection. And we always focus on the midpoint of our guidance, so we feel like the low end protects for a much more challenging world if it unfolds.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And just one quick cleanup on the guidance. I know One Lambda is clearly not in there from a revenue EBIT perspective. But just to be clear, there is a bit of interest expense assumption in there or not to you?
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, we added about $15 million of interest and that's to prefund the acquisition, as well as to fund the share buyback.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So that will happen at some point in 3 or 4Q, I'm assuming?
Peter M. Wilver: It will happen some time probably in the third quarter in terms of the debt issuance.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Vamil Divan from Crdit Suisse.
Vamil Divan - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So I guess, I just have a couple of questions here more related to what you're seeing kind of sequentially through the course of the quarter, heard some comments from other companies in terms of April through May through June. Have you seen any significant trends kind of through the course of the quarter or into July that give you any cause for -- that things are getting better or worse in any way?
Marc N. Casper: No, we looked at that. And when we do our guidance, we factor in through the first 2 weeks of the quarter that we're living in as well. So we feel that the guidance that we've given is reflecting those trends. We didn't see big changes in June or anything that would lead us to believe of a very different trend and a change in trend or trajectory. So fairly consistent throughout the quarter.
Vamil Divan - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, and then just one other one if I could with -- in terms of the -- I know you guys don't give beyond in terms of quarters, looking forward the rest of the year, but you've been getting a lot of questions just in terms of how the fourth quarter might play out with all the questions on sequestration and what's going on in Washington. Any guidance you can kind of give just even more qualitatively in terms of how you expect kind of third quarter versus fourth quarter. Just looking at the numbers right now, it looks like we're still seeing difference [ph] in terms of growth expectations over the third versus the fourth quarter?
Peter M. Wilver: So in terms of our quarterly phasing, just seasonally, Q3 is always a relatively weak quarter just because of the vacations in Europe and really around the world, I guess, and Q4 is always our strongest quarter in terms of the year-end push on instrumentation, so probably slightly stronger in Q4. But all that depends a little bit on what happens with sequestration.
Operator: Your next question is from that line of Daniel Brennan from Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to ask a question on the lab products in terms of business. Second quarter in a row, solid organic growth there versus some peers pointing to more challenging environment. Can you just provide some color regarding the strength you're seeing there and the kind of the sustainability of those trends?
Marc N. Casper: Sure. When I look at lab products and services, we saw another good quarter in our Biopharma Services. The clinical trials outsourcing business is doing well. Our channel business is also performing well. So we like the trajectory that we're on in our lab products and services segment.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Maybe related to that, the divestiture of the workstation business, can you just discuss kind of what kind of impact that had on the organic growth in the quarter?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, when you look at organic growth, we would have had as a company about 3.5% organic growth if lab workstations was in the numbers. And we had 4% organic growth with lab workstations out of the numbers. And we would have had $0.02 lower adjusted EPS if lab workstations was in the number versus what we did, as Pete highlighted. So the decision on lab workstation had nothing to do with any of that stuff. It was more a decision that we made as a management team that we really want the best owners for this business and decided that we were going to sell it to a business that could really help it thrive and grow for the future.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Marc, and maybe if I can just sneak one more in. The gross margin strength in the quarter, it was better than we had modeled. Could you just tease out the components? Certainly, Phadia and Dionex coming to the mix are helping margins like is it possible to quantify like Phadia and Dionex contribution versus cost cutting? And in particular, did the company accelerate any facilities closings or any other cost measures that would have led to better gross margin leverage in the quarter?
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, so in terms of gross margins, certainly, the acquisitions benefited gross margins. That obviously is going to decrease in terms of the impact throughout the year as we anniversary those in Q2 -- or excuse me, Q3 Dionex will be fully out. And then Q4, both of them will be fully out. But the gross margin improvement is kind of on the core business is really coming from the areas that we continually drive productivity and which is sourcing our PPI business system and restructuring. And the benefit there, it's probably about 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 between those 3 in terms of improvement on the core business.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dan Leonard from Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Two quick ones. First off, in lab products and services, now that you've divested or you're planning to divest the workstations business, how should we think about the margin trajectory of that business going forward? Is that a business where you could increase margins commensurate with the corporate average annually? Or will that still be more lumpy?
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, I think in Laboratory Products and Services, it's lower than average, and we have the channel business there, which we don't have as much value-added cost that we can actually impact in terms of margin expansion. So there's a lot more direct material costs in that segment. So that segment, over time, will in general have lower-margin expansion than the average for the company just as a result of that.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then housekeeping, Pete. What are the foreign currency rates you're using in your guidance versus the euro?
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, so for the euro, it's about 121.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Amit Bhalla from Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted to just have you, Marc, elaborate on your comments on the CapEx budget releases within academic government. Can you give us a little bit more detail under the types of products that are being impacted and tie in what you're seeing within mass spec in the competitive environment?
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So academic and government really didn't change very much, didn't really change at all in Q2. Consumables, broadly did fine, which means it's logical, right? Customers, they're working, right, so they're doing research, so therefore, they're consuming plastics, reagents and so forth. Instrumentation really was more aligned with how differentiated the technologies were. So in particular, our mass spec business had a very nice quarter. But things like lab, equipment and more routine instrumentation would be -- would really be a little bit softer and more constrained.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And the second part for my question is on the Analytical Technologies. You highlighted Biopharma within Analytical Technologies as a strength in the past. This quarter, I don't think Pete brought that one up, but you did talk about Biopharma strength overall. Can you talk specifically about Analytical Technologies, anything going on there that we should be aware of?
Marc N. Casper: No, within Analytical Technologies, we have our BioProcess Production business, which had another terrific quarter. That was there, I would say, on the instrument side of the business, so it was kind of an okay quarter in terms of Biopharma. It was up, but it was not probably as strong as some other quarters.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Anything regionally that's impacting that or is it just across-the-board?
Marc N. Casper: I didn't really see any particular regional explanation. I think, generally, Europe was pretty soft.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jon Wood from Jefferies.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So you guys have previously talked about something like 50% of free cash flow back to the shareholder dividends and repurchases. Obviously, you're going to do a lot more than that this year. But just wondering, should we think about a different rule of thumb going forward specifically in '13 just given the leverage ratio post the One Lambda deal, meaning, is deleveraging a greater priority for '13 at this point?
Marc N. Casper: I think when we get to -- we'll do that really in the February guidance. I mean, at a high level, our capital deployment strategy hasn't changed, which is a portion of our capital is going to get returned to our shareholders. A portion is going to be used for M&A that meets our strict criteria and in any given year may vary based on the environment. We're comfortable with our leverage ratios hovering between 2.5 and 3 at year-end. They should be relatively close to 2.5, so I don't -- I wouldn't assume major changes in the capital deployment strategy for '13, but we'll figure that out and communicate it crystal-clear in February.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got it. Marc, one last one. Any view on the timing of Hamilton divestiture? And anything you've -- it looks like you've written the book value down to close to 0, is that accurate? And would you expect to get any material proceeds there?
Marc N. Casper: In terms of the divestiture process, it's ongoing. In terms of the gains and losses, I don't want to speculate on that because I want to wait til we actually have the buyer negotiate, and I don't want to handicap or really comment on the valuation. But I think the write-down is a reflection of what we think was an appropriate accounting at the point of time of the decision to divest it.
Peter M. Wilver: It is above 0 though.
Marc N. Casper: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Doug Schenkel from Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Maybe just building off of that last question, I think the conclusion has been you've done a good job divesting businesses when you think about Athena and Lancaster last year and certainly the one you're in the process of divesting makes sense. Could you just describe what the environment is like for these opportunities? And maybe more importantly, what's the criteria you're going to use moving forward to make divestiture decisions? Is it simply a question of in your words whether or not you're the best owner for an asset? Or is there something we can also look at in terms of size, margin profile, growth rate, any other criteria that you would be willing to share with us?
Marc N. Casper: Doug, so we're not contemplating any material divestiture. So if you want to define material, anything nearly as large as lab workstations. So we always do tiny little things and we'll continue to do that. But we like the portfolio. Our strategy is clearly working when you look at the organic growth that we're delivering over the last few quarters. That's because the package of businesses we have today fit together, work together and are valued by the customers. So I wouldn't expect really much more on the divestiture front. And if you think about it, you go back over the last 5 years, the ones we've divested are very logical and they've been telegraphed, if you will. We've never liked competing with our customers, so we sold our 2 testing labs, which is Athena Lancaster. And lab workstations has been a business that is a very heavy manufacturing business. It's very different than what we do. And when we look at the long-term fit, we think there are companies that have a better ownership with it than we would.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So if I have it right, it looks like restructuring expense picked up a little bit, Q1 to Q2. Was this as planned, assuming I have this right, or was it in response to anything that you're seeing in the environment? Or is there anything else that caused this to accelerate that was different than planned?
Peter M. Wilver: So we obviously put whether the $100 million restructuring plan last year, and we've been executing against that throughout the year. We're always doing some level of restructuring actions in addition to that. As Marc said, it's not kind of at the program level, it's more the one-offs, so I wouldn't necessarily read anything into that other than just normal actions that we do throughout the year.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And last one, you continue to pick up shares, the numbers suggests and as you mentioned in your prepared remarks, some of this is easy to see via new products in Analytical Technologies like Q Exactive. But beyond specific new product launches, are you evolving how you go-to-market with products, how you sell products within Analytical Technologies? In our channel checks and our conversations with some of your competitors, we're starting to hear more about Thermo doing a better job selling applications-wide solutions, if you will, really connecting different products and services across your analytical technology product portfolio? Is there something that's changing in terms of how you commercialize customer solutions? And if so, how far along are you in this process?
Marc N. Casper: That's a good comment, not much more to add, Doug. I like the feedback. I would say it's an area that we're focused on, and I think we're doing a better and better job of representing our solutions-based capabilities for our customers. And I still think we have a lot of work to do and a lot of opportunity ahead. So it's still young, if you will, but we've been working at it and our customers understand the value of it. I actually think when customers are more constrained and customers are trying to make sure they're successful, the broader your capabilities and the deeper your applications are, the better off you're going to be, and I think that's really paying off for us.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Actually, I want to kind of take a slightly different angle to Doug's last question there and this is really the second quarter in a row we've seen you outperform a lot of your equipment peers. Can you talk to how much of that is share gains versus other factors? We obviously, as Doug said, see it in mass spec. Are there other obvious areas where we should think about you pulling share? And then how much is pricing a factor in this environment, in particular, within mass spec?
Marc N. Casper: So there's no pure -- each company is a little bit different. So when we look at our mix of analytical technology, it's different than the other companies. I do think we have a good share gain in mass spec. I think our biosciences business is doing well and generally I view that the performance is strong. Pricing has -- was up slightly in the quarter, but it wasn't a big change from what we've seen. So I don't think price is a big factor one way or the other in the performance.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Just a couple of housekeeping ones. Is Phadia kind of back on track? That was a little bit soft last quarter. There was some seasonality there. Can you just talk to whether that's recovered?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so Tycho, let me give a more holistic update on both acquisitions that we are almost at the one year anniversary. I think it's a good question. It hasn't been asked. So when you think about Dionex, when you think about Phadia, let's look at it in the 3 criteria that we look at which is how is the integration going, how's the business performing short term or what's the long-term prospects. Integration for both businesses has gone extraordinarily well. It's Thermo Fisher, I mean, at this point, both of them. They're very well integrated. The culture is very harmonious, and it's very positive. Synergies are ahead of plan when you look at accretion, which is now the reflection of the full package or performance. In 2012, accretion is going to be better for both of those acquisitions than the acquisition model. Phadia, in particular, will be very meaningfully more accretive than we articulated back on the $0.30 that we had talked about. When you look at the short-term performance of the business, both businesses actually have more European exposure than the company average. So both of them actually are growing slightly less than the company average in terms of organic growth. But if I look at the longer-term prospects for both businesses, we're very, very bullish on what both bring to our company and feel good about it. So generally feel good, but European exposure hasn't been particularly helpful.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and then last one. I know you've a number of questions on Hamilton, not to spend too much time on it, but I mean if we go back years and years ago, this was always viewed as a bad business. I think you and I used joke the competition was 2 guys in a sauce. So it hasn't gotten better over the years presumably. Why did it take so long to divest it? I mean, was there a period where you thought you could actually really truly turn it around?
Marc N. Casper: We have a terrific team of employees in that business, and they work very hard to make it the very best business that it can, and we gave them significant resources to try to make the most of it. And when we look at it today, we just think there are companies that it's more core to their activities than ours and we decided that that's right thing, so it's a decision. It's a tough business but at the same point, we think it has good prospects, and we think the right owner will bring it to its full potential.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Derek De Vries from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Derek De Vries - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So you're -- in Q3, you're going to anniversary the weak academic environment that hit you last September. Since comps get easier, I guess, what's kind of built into your academic numbers? Are you still expecting academic to be down year-over-year or is it more flat? I'm just kind of wondering how you're -- where are you on that thought process?
Marc N. Casper: So when you look at the comps, industrial gets harder both in Q3 and Q4 and obviously in academic, the comparison is easier. When we laid out our guidance, we obviously don't do quarterly guidance. When we laid out our guidance, we assumed that academic and government would be down low-single digits for the year. It's down low-single digits in the first half, and that sort of implies that it's going to be still down off of an easy comp. I mean, that would be what the math would imply, although, we're not -- we don't really sit down and say what's Q3 exactly going to be versus Q4 but hopefully, that helps you think about modeling.
Derek De Vries - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, that's very helpful. So you've gotten beaten up in the past in your LPS business because organic growth lagged. Now that you've divested it, I know that you're planning to divest it. It's been 0.5% drag in your overall organic growth rate in Q2. But can you just give us a flavor of what it has been historically as a drag on the LPS segment?
Marc N. Casper: In terms of lab workstations, in particular?
Derek De Vries - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, lab workstations, what was the drag on the overall LPS business? Because when the focus has been that business had not -- it did not grow as fast as it had previously thought, and I'm just wondering if this was a bigger -- if it's the large reason why that business have not done as well in the past?
Peter M. Wilver: The results in 2011 were relatively weak, but the numbers are so small that the accretion dilution on both organic growth and the margins is pretty minimal. For this year, it didn't really even affect our guidance taking the numbers out, so it wasn't so materially off of the averages that it was making a big impact.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, I mean, I think, Derek, you know us well enough and following this stuff which is it's not going -- it's not big enough to make a material change, but it was the right decision to sell it, so we're selling it. But we're not sitting here and trying to change the gross rate by 0.10 point one way or another. It's just -- in the scheme of things, it doesn't make a difference.
Derek De Vries - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right. No, that's right. And then finally, can you just give us some more color on Asia? Is the growth you're seeing there share gains from peers? For example, the multinationals that you're selling to, are you just getting better share there? Are you taking share? Or is it brand new business from domestic Chinese or Asian customers that are showing up? Can you just give us a little bit of flavor of where you're seeing your growth and how that's working?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so let's focus on China. China was very strong in excess of 20% of growth organically again. When you look at it, we had very good performance widely across the business, and I think a nice example is we talked about the 5-year plan and the focus on healthcare, the focus on environment, so it's not a surprise that our Specialty Diagnostics business is doing very well and growing rapidly in China, in particular, because basically there's a big healthcare availability opportunity in China, where they're trying to create more capacity, if you will, to serve the population. The other area that's doing incredibly well in China is our environmental business. There is regulations called PM2.5, which is basically breathing in particulates in your lungs, and the government has actually decided to accelerate on implementation of those regulations, and we're capturing about 70% share of all of the air monitors that are being used for that particular application. So it's really -- it's not taking share from the New York Stock Exchange listed competitors, taking share from companies that might be local or really, we don't think as much about. So the business is performing very well, and we continue to be optimistic about our outlook in China in particular.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dan Arias from UBS.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Marc, I guess, just given the focus on cost control these days, curious whether you can give us a sense of where you think the biggest need to spend is in order to keep innovation where it needs to be and to keep people in the right places? Can you just update us on your current view on investment focus?
Marc N. Casper: Yes, I mean, I think the investment focus is straightforward. We're going to continue to support our R&D efforts, and we're going to continue to expand in emerging markets. Those are clear. We'll also make commercial investments around the applications marketing as Doug asked earlier, some things on the website, things that continue to strengthen the company. We will manage our costs tightly on all other areas, right? So we're being prudent and frugal on those other things, so making sure that we're as efficient as we can and looking for opportunities to streamline our cost base.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And just a follow-up. I'm wondering if you can comment a bit more on applied market demand. Some reports elsewhere have maybe some potential slowing in food and environmental testing areas. Is that something that showed up anywhere for you guys at all?
Marc N. Casper: Nothing that really jumped out from our material perspective one way or the other. We continue to have good momentum in our applied markets.
Operator: And that question will come from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to ask a general question on pricing. I think you guys mentioned in the earlier comments that pricing generally, not a big swing factor, but if you could maybe add a little bit of color in diagnostics and then in pharma. I think in diagnostics, we're clearly dealing with pretty stagnant volume environment and the lab companies have generally suggested they're going to look to try and save expenses. So what are you seeing in the diagnostics channel with regards to your basic supply side of the franchise? And then in pharma, some of these larger contracts, just wondering what kind of a tone you see on pricing there?
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, in terms of pricing in diagnostics, I mean, that's not an area where we generally get a lot of price. So that's consistent with the past. It's basically flat overall. I don't have a lot of data by market segment in relation to the price, but in overall, it's about flat.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then in pharma?
Marc N. Casper: In pharma, again, we don't cut the business that way. I would say that probably the takeaway message on pricing in Q2 was pretty similar to what we saw in Q1 in aggregate and not really any major changes that we observed. So we pay a lot of attention to it. Obviously, we have a very high focus on pricing. We generally do a good job with it, so -- but we're not seeing anything, Isaac, that on the upside or downside that's material.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful and just one last one for me on China, I know mentioned earlier the comments on the environmental business. But if we look at the economics side, there were some questions elsewhere in the industry about phasing on government funds, getting released over the course of this year, any update and commentary on that part of the China end market?
Marc N. Casper: No, when we look at China, we've been consistently growing north of 20%. And really, there wasn't major swings one way or the other within the business. So we feel good about the overall performance in China, and actually feel good about the outlook as well. So Isaac, thank you. Let me just wrap up the call and add a few quick closing thoughts. One is that I think our team's executed very well to deliver a strong first half. Their focus on new products, emerging markets and strategic acquisitions is clearly driving growth. We continue to manage our costs tightly in line with the economic environment, and we're confident that we'll deliver on our growth goals for the year. Thanks for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific, and we look forward to updating you on our Q3 call. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Carol A. Cox - Vice President of Investor Relations Gregory T. Lucier - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David F. Hoffmeister - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Mark P. Stevenson - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Quintin J. Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Joshua Riegelhaupt - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Vamil Divan - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Bryan Brokmeier - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Life Technologies Corporation First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce our host for today, Ms. Carol Cox, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Carol A. Cox: Thank you, Karen, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Life Technologies First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. We issued a press release today at 1 p.m. Pacific Time or 4 p.m. Eastern, posted on our website at lifetechnologies.com and filed on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We also posted a deck of slides to accompany the webcast today, which may be found on the Events and Presentations section of the Life Technologies Investor Relations website with our other earnings materials.  Joining me on today's call are Greg Lucier, our Chairman and CEO; and David Hoffmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Mark Stevenson, our Chief Operating Officer, will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you have not received a copy of today's press release, you may obtain one from our website at lifetechnologies.com. I would like to remind our listeners today that our discussion will include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. Important factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. It is our intent that these forward-looking statements be protected under the Safe Harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in today's press release or on our website. And with that, I will turn the call over to Greg Lucier.
Gregory T. Lucier: Thanks, Carol, and thank you, everyone, for joining us on today's call. We are very pleased to open the year with stronger-than-expected first quarter results. Solid performance across all our businesses, especially in Genetic Analysis, which [ph] have revenues of $939 million, a 5% increase over last year. Excluding currency, we are able to grow revenue 2%, which is in-line with our annual guidance range of 2% to 4% organic growth and slightly ahead of where we were expected to be in the first quarter. We increased gross margins to 66.6% and reduced operating expenses as a percentage of revenue to drive operating margin expansion of over 200 basis points, all of which we leveraged to grow non-GAAP earnings per share 17% to $0.99. Our end markets remained in-line with our expectations, with strength in emerging markets and in Asia, and stability in the U.S. and Europe. We saw particular strength across all our businesses in Japan as the government fiscal year ended and researchers spent their remaining budget funds. We expect to see the normal sequential decline in Q2 as the Japanese government finalizes its budget for 2012 in May and researchers evaluate their spending. Emerging markets continue to offer incredible growth opportunities. We had high-teens growth in Greater China during the quarter and saw double-digit growth in our Latin American business, as well as strong growth in Eastern Europe and Russia, where we are expanding our sales network. We are primarily a direct seller of our goods, although in new markets, we have often entered with the help of local distributors. As these markets have grown, we have begun acquiring some of these distributors and that strategy is really starting to pay off. In early March, I had the opportunity to spend a week in India, visiting employees at our training facility in Delhi and our customer service organization in Bangalore. During my trip, we hosted 2 events with customers where we highlighted Proton and the applications of next-generation sequencing. So far, 2 well-known genomic laboratories in India have placed orders for the Ion Proton, citing the simplicity and higher throughputs of the technology as well as Life Technologies' strong presence in the country. Our meetings included a range of government officials, academic opinion leaders, diagnostic customers in public and private hospitals and biotech startups. We are excited about our opportunities in India and are continuing to invest in our infrastructure, partner locally and expand our employee base there to drive fundamental demand for our instrumentation and consumables. These investments are helping drive double-digit revenue growth in 2012. During the quarter, we made solid progress in our Applied Sciences business. We completed 2 tuck-in acquisitions and both of which were on our Animal Health and Food Safety business, where we acquired assets to help differentiate us in the market and further accelerate our double-digit expansion. Matrix MicroScience is a U.K.-based manufacturer of large, sample-volume, automated prep systems and consumables for food-borne pathogen detection. With the addition of these products, Life now offers the fastest and most cost-effective workflow to our customers. LSI is a leader in veterinary realtime PCR animal testing, and combined now with Life, we offer a full suite of solutions for both ELISA and PCR-based animal health tests. On our last earnings call, I mentioned that Ronnie Andrews had joined Life as our President of Medical Sciences. Ronnie has hit the ground running and he and his team are developing a comprehensive strategy to expand our presence in the molecular diagnostics space and to capitalize on our existing platforms and tools for use in clinical settings. Over the next several years, we will be working to take advantage of the broad portfolio of technologies Life has in its arsenal to translate research discoveries into valuable genetic information. Today, we arguably have one of the top instrument reagent portfolios in the world, with over 7,500 placements of instrument platforms in clinical settings that enable hospitals and labs to develop and use assays. These placements span our CE, qPCR, SOLiD and PGM technologies. Combining these with newly introduced technologies and fluorescent microscopy and flow cytometry allows us a unique opportunity to be more than a single-discipline product supplier to the clinical market and enables us to become a solutions provider to clinicians, who are solving some of medicine's most complex problems. Simplifying the vast amount of information resulting from the diagnostic process around complex diseases will require new innovative informatics solutions. We are participating in this area, which we believe will ensure our relevance in the physician-patient interaction. We are focusing on our existing 7,500 placements that are running content in the clinic today and determining how we can extract value from this installed base. We're working with pharmaceutical companies to develop companion diagnostic panels to aid in decision making around these exciting new treatments. With over 500 new targeted therapeutics in the oncology space alone, we know there are complex decisions to be made and that molecular diagnostics solutions, covering both the proteome and the genome, will need to be involved. Our technology breadth positions us well to support assay development and information synthesis in 5 key areas where we believe we can create value: oncology, inherited disease, transplant diagnostics, infectious diseases and neurological disorders. Each opportunity has a unique go-to-market strategy and timing of entry, but you should expect us to be active in all of them over time and we look forward to updating you as the strategy unfolds. In addition to finding ways to expand our market opportunities, we're also finding better ways to improve our customer experience, increase productivity and lower our costs. Our efforts in this area include continuing to improve our processes around manufacturing, IT and other operational areas. This disciplined staged approach to running the business enables us to continue to expand our operating margins to some of the highest in the business, if not the entire S&P 500. On the commercial side, we continue to capitalize in making our customers' purchasing experience much easier. In the first quarter, we continued to grow sales origining from our website and substantially increased the number of global supply centers coming online. We have found that customers who order through our website and also have a supply center at their lab grow faster than our average customer, and so we are increasing our focus on encouraging more and more customers to adopt this profile. On the operational side, we continue to prove our ability to manufacture and deliver biologically active products all over the world in 3 to 5 days. Our teams have developed standardized processes that enable our facilities to successfully meet the demand of thousands of orders daily at an impressive fill rate of over 98%. The ability to be a trusted source to get biologically active products anywhere in the world quickly and reliably is part of the equation to further our market share growth. We are currently kicking off plans to expand our global manufacturing network for Gibco Media, which is part of our BioProduction business. This year is the 50th anniversary of our Gibco brand serving the biopharmaceutical industry and we are excited to, again, be increasing our presence in this market. We're making a significant investment in our U.K. operation with support from the Scottish Government to build a state-of-the-art facility for our market-leading proprietary Advanced Granulated Technology or AGT media. This new facility will support our expanding cell culture media markets in Europe and Asia, and provide our pharmaceutical customers and CMO partners with multiple sourcing options for media delivery. During the quarter, we expanded our leader offerings across our PCR and qPCR businesses. We began taking orders for our QuantStudio digital PCR product and immediately saw higher customer demand than expected. QuantStudio is a versatile instrument used for high throughput, realtime and digital PCR. It is ideal for customers who require speed, flexibility and scalability as they conduct high-quality qPCR analysis, run high volumes of samples for pharmacogenetic studies or AgBio applications like crop testing. Our TaqMan product has over 10,000 scientific citations to date, more than virtually any other brand in our industry. During the quarter, we expanded our TaqMan Mutation Detection Assays with the introduction of new assays that will be relevant for cancer researchers. These highly sensitive and novel molecular analysis research tools are designed to detect an additional 241 of the most common mutations in 21 cancer genes and to provide researchers with tools to accurately and quickly interrogate their samples for a broader range of key cancer mutations. This technology serves as an ideal complement to accurately confirm results of next-generation sequencing experiments.  Turning to Ion Torrent. We continued to make compelling progress across this game-changing platform during the quarter. In early January, we announced the 2012 roadmap for the Proton I Chip and Proton II Chip, presented human exome data and some preliminary human genome data for a mother, father and child at the AGBT Conference in February and launched our AmpliSeq Custom Panels in March. We continued to see strong demand for the PGM instrument and our associated consumables, driving results for the quarter that were in-line with our expectations. We saw significant year-over-year growth in the PGM platform as we continue to enjoy strong competitive positioning. We are winning the majority of bids where we compete, and just as importantly, we are expanding the existing PGM market by reaching customers who are new to next-generation sequencing. During the quarter, we expanded our leadership in the benchtop instrument category and continue to have the largest installed base for next-generation sequencers on the market. In fact, we add over 100 new members to our Ion community each and every week. We continue to be on track for midyear delivery of the Proton I Chip and 6 months later, for the Proton II Chip. We have seen a great deal of interest from new and existing customers and have been taking orders for the product, including a number of orders for multiple Proton units. We recently installed early access units to Baylor and they were already generating raw data needed for full exome in just a few hours. We expect they will continue to create data and we will be publishing data sets. Between now and the full commercial launch by the end of Q3, we also expect to publish internal data.  In addition to Proton, we continue to innovate across our next-generation sequencing offerings on the PGM. In March, we expanded our AmpliSeq offerings with the launch of Ion AmpliSeq Custom Panels and the availability of the Ion AmpliSeq Designer. These Custom Panels are one of the most important breakthroughs since qPCR, unlocking archive research samples containing low amounts of DNA. Previously, this type of research was performed less effectively with array technology. AmpliSeq is able to highly multiplex targets rapidly and accurately using incredible amounts -- low amounts of DNA, which makes it an excellent research tool. We fully expect these panels to transform disease research. Researchers are also able to use our Ion AmpliSeq Designer to create their own Custom Panels easily through our website. These panels can be designed in as little as 2.5 hours using Ion Torrent's intuitive data analysis methods. These researchers, then, are able to rapidly scale it from analyzing just a few genes to hundreds of genes all in a single day. Again, we think this will be transformational. I have a couple of updates related to compensation and capital deployment. In February, our Board of Directors took steps to increase the alignment of management compensation with the interest of our shareholders. Beginning in 2012, management's long-term incentive compensation will be delivered through a combination of 50% RSUs, 25% stock options and 25% in a cash-based performance plan, which is tied to the achievement of specific ROIC and revenue growth targets over a 3-year period. This is the first long-term incentive plan at Life that includes ROIC targets and we think it's an important step in the maturation of the company. We also continued to repurchase shares during the quarter, spending $185 million in the last 3 months. We have another $200 million remaining under our current share repurchase program. As we have met with investors over the last several months, the topic of dividends has come up often. We have shared these conversations with our board and with the broader management team. As we have said in the past, we are committed to returning a balanced portion of cash to our shareholders and we continue to review all options on how best to do so. We've gotten off to a good start -- a strong start with our first quarter results and are encouraged by the market dynamics we are seeing so far. We continue to believe that these markets in which we compete will remain relatively stable through 2012. We believe it's prudent to maintain a cautious but optimistic outlook for the remainder of the year, given that macroeconomic challenges do remain and decisions related to sequestration in the U.S. will likely happen later in the year. We are maintaining our outlook for organic revenue growth of 2% to 4% over 2011, of revenues of $3.7 billion and non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of $3.90 to $4.05. We are monitoring our end markets and developments in Washington on an ongoing basis and should we see any deterioration in the current trend, we're prepared to take action quickly to preserve profitability. But here, in the first quarter, we feel good about the performance of the business. The company is healthy and competitive, and we're excited about the innovations coming out of our labs in the coming quarters. With that, I will turn the call over to David to provide a more detailed overview of our results and our guidance for 2012.
David F. Hoffmeister: Thanks, Greg. Good afternoon, everyone. As Greg noted, we had a solid start to the year, delivering revenue and earnings growth that exceeded our internal expectations. We increased sales across all of our business groups and improved efficiencies, which drove operating margin expansion and EPS growth of 17% for the quarter. At a more detailed level, revenue increased 5% to $393 million and increased 2%, excluding currency. As Greg mentioned earlier, revenue growth by region in the quarter was basically in-line with our expectations, with stable conditions in the U.S. and Europe and higher growth in the emerging markets. Growth was as follows: The Americas were flat; Europe grew 2%; Asia Pacific grew 8%; and Japan grew 7%. Beginning this quarter, we're reporting our revenue for our new business groups: Research Consumables, Genetic Analysis and Applied Sciences, which better reflect our internal organization, product mix and end markets. As you recall, our internal organization had previously been structured around our technology platforms under 3 divisions: Molecular Biology Systems, Genetic Systems and Cell Systems. On April 11, we filed a Form-8K with historical financial information for these 3 new business groups for the years 2010 and 2011. The filing and a set of FAQs can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. Before we move on to the revenue results for the first quarter, I want to address a couple of housekeeping items about revenue disclosures for today's call and moving forward. We will not be providing additional revenue breakouts below the 3 new business groups, although you can expect that we will provide color on the businesses as necessary. Additionally, we are making modifications to the information we are publicly disclosing for our Ion Torrent platform. 2011 was the first full year that Ion Torrent revenues were included in our results, and so they were reported separately through the third quarter of 2011. For this quarter and moving forward, we will no longer break out Ion Torrent revenues, which are reported under the Genetic Analysis business group. We are reducing the amount of the information disclosed for competitive reasons. We understand that investors are interested in how the Ion Torrent platform is doing and we intend to continue to provide general commentary on the business results, including trends in our instrument and consumables sales. We may also from time-to-time provide updates on the achievement of certain milestones and other color on the business as part of our overall discussion of the Genetic Analysis group. Taking a closer look at our business group results for the quarter. Research Consumables revenue increased 4% to $420 million over the same period last year. Excluding the impact from currency, revenue increased 1%. We continue to see growth in our cell culture products, endpoint PCR and molecular and cell biology consumables. Revenue for Genetic Analysis increased 7% to $356 million for the first quarter compared to prior year. Excluding the impact from currency, revenue for Genetic Analysis increased 4%. This increase was primarily due to growth of Ion Torrent and CE products, offset by the decrease in qPCR royalty revenues and lower sales of SOLiD products, both of which were expected and included in our guidance. Applied Sciences revenue increased 4% to $162 million for the first quarter compared to prior year. Excluding currency, revenue grew 3%. The increase was driven by the BioProduction, Forensics and Animal Health and Food Safety businesses. The BioProduction business grew in the mid-single digits over tough comparables. In the first quarter of last year, it grew 20%. First quarter gross margin increased 30 basis points to 66.6% compared to prior year, driven by the tailwind from the roll-off of the hedges, higher realized price and the increased productivity. These benefits were partially offset by the impact of higher sales of Ion Torrent instruments and the decline in qPCR royalties. As expected on a sequential basis, gross margin increased by approximately 220 basis points, primarily due to higher fixed cost absorption related to increases in production volume relative to Q4; product mix, driven by lower sales of SOLiD instruments; and higher realized price, partially offset by the decline in qPCR royalty. First quarter operating expenses were essentially flat year-over-year at $342 million. As a percent of revenue, operating expenses decreased over 170 basis points. Sequentially, our operating expenses were up as we invested in growth initiatives in Greater China and the Ion Torrent platform, as well as in various sales and marketing activities, including our annual regional sales meetings which take place in the first quarter. These increased expenses were partially offset by our cost savings initiatives in the second half of 2011. Operating profit for the first quarter totaled $283 million, an increase of 12% over prior year. First quarter operating margin was 30%, representing an increase of 200 basis points. The increase over the prior year was a result of the roll-off of the currency hedges as well as our continued focus on realizing operational efficiencies, while selectively investing in growth opportunities. In terms of other income line items, we had $1 million of interest income, a loss of $400,000 from other items and foreign exchange gains and the interest expense of $30 million. Our tax rate for the quarter was 28.4%, in-line with expectations. Compared to the same quarter of last year, the rate was up primarily due to the exploration of the R&D tax credit. We do not expect the R&D tax credit to be extended prior to the fourth quarter of 2012. Our diluted share count for the quarter was 183.1 million shares. In Q1, we have repurchased 4 million shares for $185 million. With this repurchase, we will have approximately 2 million -- $200 million remaining on our authorization. As Greg mentioned, we made 2 tuck-in acquisitions in the areas of Animal Health and Food Safety as we continued to execute against our strategy to grow in Applied Sciences. Neither of these acquisitions is expected to have a material impact on our financial results this year. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share for the first quarter were $0.72. On a non-GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share were $0.99. Our non-GAAP earnings per share exclude noncash interest expense, business integration and other charges and acquisition-related amortization expense. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow statements. Our ending cash and short-term investments were $262 million. This compares to last quarter's balance of $882 million. The expected decline in our cash position was driven by several onetime cash payments. These included the Ion milestone payment of $193 million, the retirement of our final convertible bond for $450 million, $185 million of share repurchases and our annual employee bonus payment.  Cash from operating activities was $104 million. Capital expenditures were $25 million and free cash flow was $79 million. Operating cash flow and free cash flows were impacted by a portion of the Ion Torrent milestone payment, approximately $30 million of which was considered operating expense and the annual bonus payments. Return on invested capital was 9%. We remain committed to achieving our goal of 10% ROIC by the end of 2012. Our ending debt as of March 31 was approximately $2.4 billion. This balance is made up of our senior notes of $2.3 billion plus some short-term debt. As Greg has already stated, we are maintaining our full year revenue and EPS guidance for 2012. While currency provided a $0.03 benefit to our first quarter results compared to the December 2011 month-end rates we used for guidance, our fundamental outlook for the year has not changed. Currency will likely to continue to fluctuate throughout the course of the year, but it has no impact on our underlying business. As we promised in February, we will update our currency assumptions quarterly. Recall that last quarter, our 2012 guidance for currency was at December month-end rates, which net of the hedge roll-off benefit was a headwind of $26 million to revenue and a benefit of $0.02 to EPS. At March month-end rates, currency net of the hedge roll-off has a nominal impact on revenue and would positively impact our EPS by an incremental $0.09 for the full year. For the first quarter, we realized a $0.03 benefit compared to our guidance, so the incremental benefit for the year should March month-end rates prevail would be approximately $0.06. Now let me provide some color on our expectations for Q2. We expect our revenue, excluding currency, to be flat compared to second quarter 2011 revenue of $945 million, which had benefited from over $30 million in SOLiD instrument sales. We are expecting our gross margins to be up year-over-year, largely due to the 5500 upgrades that negatively impacted Q2 last year, with this effect partially offset by the drop in royalty revenue. We expect gross margins to be down sequentially due to our product mix, primarily Ion Torrent. Our operating expenses are expected to be up year-over-year and sequentially due to the continuing investments in Greater China and Ion Torrent and the impact of our annual merit increase, which takes effect in the second quarter. Because of these dynamics, we're expecting our EPS to be in the range of $0.96 to $1. Consistent with our original guidance, our second quarter tax rate will also likely be 28.6%. In February, we guided to a share count of 184 million to 186 million shares. Given the number of shares we repurchased in the first quarter, it is likely that the share count for the full year will be at the lower end of that range. And with that, I'll now hand the call back over to Carol.
Carol A. Cox: Great. Thank you, David. We'll open up the call to questions and answers. I would just remind everyone that we would appreciate if you could limit yourself to one question per person, that way we can get through as many people as possible. Thank you. Karen, if you could open up the line?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jon Groberg from Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Quick question for me is just on revenues. Greg, if you think about your guidance for the year, would you mind maybe just describing how you feel about that guidance given that your comps get a little bit harder throughout the year? And maybe how you're thinking about what the most important drivers are for you to see that revenue growth accelerate, and sorry for the voice [indiscernible].
Gregory T. Lucier: No worries. If we look at the first quarter, as I said in my prepared remarks, we're very pleased with our performance relative to our expectations as we started 2012. As we go through the course of the year, there are a couple of important initiatives inside the company that we think will move the needle on the revenue. The first, obviously, is the continued release of new technology out of Ion Torrent, more specifically the Proton device. Mark Stevenson and I just got done a program review. We're very encouraged by the progress, and we think that will have a material impact on our revenue profile through the year. Second, I would point out, our strategy around becoming ever more competitive in terms of market share growth in the core research business. Our strategy around creating a value continuum of different price points of technologies is starting to pay off and we think will also have an impact on our revenue line increasingly through the year. So those are just 2 points I would share with you. There are others that make us feel good and confident that we will achieve the guidance we're sharing with our investors.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla from Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Greg, I wanted to just understand your view of the academic government end market and its impact on labs from now to the end of the year. I know if we looked at last year, in the back half of 2011, you saw labs start to slow their purchasing in the back half. Your comps get -- you're expecting organic growth to accelerate in the back half of '12, but there may be this similar dynamic of labs slowing down purchases in the back half of '12. So can you walk us through your view of how the rest of the year plays out with this end market and how you grow through that?
Gregory T. Lucier: Our guidance is based on a view that the purchasing profile that we see in labs will not have a dramatic slowdown in the second half of the year. We've had a number of different conversations with officials from the NIH and other individuals with important decision-making in Washington that really lead us to believe that their own behavior in terms of grants and otherwise is not to have this type of slowdown. They're very focused in obviously what the 2013 budget will be, what the decisions will be around sequestration. But their whole approach right now is business as usual for 2012, granting out important grants, and that's the assumption by which our guidance is based.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And if I could just clarify, just the Proton launch in the second half, your view there is clearly growth straight through the back half of the year in addition to PGM?
Gregory T. Lucier: That's correct. In our view, the economics around the Proton technology are incredibly compelling, whether it's in research or in clinical usage. And we think it will have a very strong uptake.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Quintin Lai from Robert W. Baird.
Quintin J. Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Today is a -- we've had a lot of different reports here and you had a nice quarter. I'm interested, if we parse it out, consumables versus instruments, we had an instrument provider earlier today have a miss. We had a consumables-only provider put up a solid number and then your solid number. Maybe talk a little bit about the dynamics that you saw on those 2 sides of the businesses, Greg?
Gregory T. Lucier: On the instrumentation side, you could make a generalization that there will be increased utilization of instrumentation in the world of Life Sciences, and that makes sense as dollars become more precious. But within that generalization, I think it's important to note there are clear exceptions. An example being next-generation sequencing and more broadly, Genetic Analysis is a irreversible, undeniable growth trend and we play very squarely with our products there and certainly our investments there on instrumentation. In the world of consumables -- my comments would be that it's a stable environment, but it's a very competitive environment. And I actually think our position in terms of being very large in this channel, being able to offer economics across different price points, being able to offer larger purchasing packages to our clients, plays extremely well in terms of the current economic situation we find ourselves in. And that's allowing us to feel, again, confident but cautious that we'll achieve the guidance we're sharing with you here for 2012.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Since this is the first call you've done since you kind of realigned the divisions, are you able to maybe guide us in terms of the R&D breakout for the divisions? And I guess the underlying question here is if you're investing a lot in Research Consumables, the funding dynamics are a little bit more challenged. Can you talk about maybe the return for the Research Consumable business, R&D dollars in particular?
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes, Tycho. It's Mark Stevenson here. So let me just break out, I think, maybe the priorities. We've said before for R&D, the #1 remains in next-generation sequencing, so investment that we're doing around Ion Torrent, as we said, takes about 1/3 of our investment. We continue to invest strongly across consumables, but as a percentage of revenue, it is less but we see still good opportunity for workflow improvement, for new assays and innovation in that space. And the third area is really into the applied and the commercial area, so you see new products coming out across BioProduction, Food and Animal Health and increasingly into the Medical Sciences. So those are really our priorities across that. We have sized investment against the greatest growth opportunities, so when you look at the R&D productivity we've taken a very disciplined approach to making sure we get great returns on that investment and monitor and measure that very closely really by product to market area to ensure we get great returns.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then with regards to Ion Torrent, as you've talked about before, there's an upgrade program for SOLiD customers. You've obviously got the installed bases CE systems. Can you just talk about some of the dynamics in terms of swapping out some of your legacy systems and any color you can provide on expectations for PGM? I know you don't want to break a lot of that out going forward, but just wondering in the near term given that you're still early days in the ramp?
Mark P. Stevenson: Well, I would pick up on your last point and I think we really are still early days in the ramp and what's very interesting to continue to see is the strength in both CE and TaqMan business for validation of those studies, and so a lot of what we're seeing at the moment is additional capacity added to either labs that already had next-generation sequencing or to new labs who -- this is their first next-generation sequencing. So really, although we're offering that, it's really a loyalty program, a trade-in. A lot of this is new capacity going into additional labs.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And the last one for Greg, just to clarify, I mean, you talked about kind of the academic markets being relatively stable but you're calling for America's to be kind of flat here against, I guess, a 3% comp for the near term. I mean, are you starting to see -- I guess the labs have been more conservative about their spending in anticipation of going back into the funding debate relative to a year ago. I'm just trying to reconcile that with the guidance.
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes, so in terms of reconciling what David said about Q2 is simply due to the bolus in SOLiD orders that shipped and were recognized in 2011. That is a particular issue per se. But more generally, we're not seeing a change in buying behavior by the labs at this current level. We think it's stepped down from 2011. We're at a stable rate now and we don't see disruption to that pattern for the course of 2012.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Knight from CLSA.
Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Greg, on this call it seems like there's more discussion around your proteome technologies, like fluorescence microscopy. Is it because of your product line or are you seeing a change in that market growth on the proteomics validation side of the market?
Gregory T. Lucier: What we would say to you is we're realizing that this area of personalized medicine that uses genomic profiling to better target therapies is going to be very exciting, very large, and it will also involve the proteome as well. And as we are building out our strategy with Ronnie Andrews, I think one of the differentiators for us is that we will not just be in the genomics side of things, we'll be in a more broader-based solutions provider that will include genomic, proteomic and other aspects of our technology, obviously, around morphology, and that's going to, I think, really bode well for us as we play out the -- what is, as Ronnie has seen come in, quite an arsenal of technology.
Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And then lastly, you've added headcount in China. Is this a situation where you're seeing the demand or do you have to drive the demand in that marketplace?
Gregory T. Lucier: China for us has continued to be a very strong market. Nothing ever just comes to you obviously, so we work for that. But as we have said in previous calls, our strategy in China is to become ever more local and ever more direct. And so we have built probably one of the finest distribution networks across that country in terms of being able to move biologically active products extremely efficiently, and quickly. We are building out a direct sales channel city-by-city so that we can have scientific conversations. Our customer support and technical support is growing in terms of the Chinese language. And we are increasingly moving to an e-commerce strategy that we have deployed extremely successfully in many other countries around the world. And that's, I think, contributing to the continued double-digit growth we're seeing in China.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Ferreiro of Oppenheimer & Co.
Joshua Riegelhaupt - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: This is Josh in for Dave. You guys talked a little bit about BioProduction. I was wondering if you could comment a little bit on Forensics, how that grew into the quarter or what's kind of the drivers and how you're thinking of that moving forward?
Gregory T. Lucier: Our Forensics business had a very good quarter in Q1. We continue to see the playing out of the trends that we've shared with our investors before in terms of internationalization. We had a couple of big orders in our key countries around the world. We have continued to launch new products in terms of particular profiling technologies for key countries that we think will unlock future growth. And we're looking at new instrumentation in that market that should help us in the ensuing quarters around a broader definition of not just using DNA, but human identification, and we're excited about that platform.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jon Wood from Jefferies.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just want to understand the dynamic behind the FX outlook changes and then the -- some modest accretion from the capital review of the share repurchase in the quarter. Should we take the comments to mean the company will reinvest kind of the contribution here? Or will you let it flow assuming the dynamic actually materializes on the FX side, all else being equal? I just want to understand how we should view the '12 or so sense of incremental accretion from FX and share repurchases.
David F. Hoffmeister: Well, Jon, this is David. I think we'll have to see as the year advances in terms of what our investment opportunities are, et cetera. But at this point in time, the change in currency, we would expect to flow through. I mean, we saw a pretty significant fluctuation in currency this quarter. We've seen a lot of fluctuation over the last several quarters. I mean, who knows where we're going be by the time the year ends up.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes, right, that was my question. Just if the current outlook actually materializes, how do you treat that? I got it. And then last on the stimulus, I think you kind of talked about a $40 million headwind last quarter, $10 million quarterly run rate. Can you update us, David, on what you actually saw in the first quarter, if it was discernible? Did you actually see that $10 million step-down, that you kind of contemplated, let's say, in your guidance for '12?
David F. Hoffmeister: Yes, we did, I mean as best we could measure and we've talked about this before. It's a tricky thing, given 80% of our business is relatively small dollar per order consumables, but as best we can tell, yes, we saw a step-down of $10 million in the quarter and we expect it will be $40 million for the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin of Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So I just want to ask -- start off with a general BioProduction question. So is there -- what are the trends in the market? I mean, you came off last year in the -- when we had the cell culture systems business, it wasn't as -- BioProduction wasn't as strong last year as it was in the prior year in terms of doing it like that. Are you expecting bolus orders to come through this year, bigger orders this year. What's the pipeline look like for new starts of drugs or increasing demand from the industrial BioProduction side?
Mark P. Stevenson: So Gary, this is Mark. The pipeline and the general trends still look very positive for us. And we continue to track and make sure that our media -- and actually expanded beyond the media, our separation media, the porous material and our analytics are all part of this BioProduction story. I think what you will see are -- the sort of 2-year period and at each quarter is some variation as we have larger drugs come into production or some stocking. Actually, we did have a strong year last year and this Q1, we were comping our growth rate of nearly 20%, and so that's why you might see the growth slightly lower in the second quarter. But over the trend of a couple of years, we expect to see mid-to-high single digits in this market with our BioProduction business.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And just, David, can you clarify, was there any -- did you guys have an extra day in the quarter because of the leap year?
David F. Hoffmeister: We did have an extra day in the quarter. It turned out that the extra day was a Friday, so it had relatively minimal impact.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel from Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: You issued a press release today on your Proton placement at Baylor. Is the timing of that placement in-line with your expectations? And I guess, just as importantly, when will Proton be more broadly available for shipment? And could you refresh timelines on Proton II availability? I think there's some question about whether it's possible that there could be user data available on Proton II generated in time for ASHG?
Mark P. Stevenson: Well, firstly, with regards to the press release we put out in Baylor, that was exactly as per our timelines that we set out at the beginning of the year. So if you remember, the timeline was to make the Proton with the I Chip broadly commercially available in mid-2012. The early access customers, we started shipping here with Baylor and that went extremely well, and got up and running very quickly. Between now and the end of the third quarter, which will be full commercial release, you'll see more data and you'll see more shipments come out. And so that's what you can expect over the next couple of months. We still remain absolutely on track for commercial release of the Proton II Chip on the Proton instrument 6 months later. And again, as you've seen with other chips and we've really learned a lot from having done this all last year with the 314 chip, 316 and the 318. We learned a lot in the development, we released early access data and then we're shipping to customers. So you'll see the same as we generate data and we start to ship to customers the second chip. So we're very confident everything's going well. As Greg mentioned, we had a program review and we feel very confident things are tracking to our plans we laid out at the beginning of the year.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and I guess one follow-up. In the second quarter last year, Life was negatively affected by some of the changes that you guys had made in Greater China. As we get closer to annualizing the changes you made, can you talk a little bit about some of the benefits you saw associated with those changes and more recent changes in that region that materialized in Q1? And then, I guess, specific to the issues or I should say the changes from last year, how should we think about comparability related to changes in Greater China?
Gregory T. Lucier: Well, the changes that we made over the last -- longer now, 18 months, has been to continue to become more of a direct seller in China. And since that Q2 point of 2011, we posted double-digit earnings and revenue growth in China. And so as we've said, in this forum and others that we think that strategy is absolutely the right one. It has certainly paid off and I think it will allow us to build a much bigger business over the course of time. So everything in China is moving according to our strategy and we're feeling really good about the results that we had in Q1.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And sorry, I guess one other part of that is just getting up the comparability in Q2. It just -- it seems like it would be a favorable comp just given some of the timing of the changes you made in Q2 last year?
David F. Hoffmeister: Yes, I think our growth rate in Greater China has been in the high teens. And we said that it would take time for us to put the strategy in place, but we would expect to see quarter-on-quarter improvement, which we have. And so I would expect that we'd be somewhere in that ballpark in the second quarter and for the rest of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Vamil Divan of Credit Suisse.
Vamil Divan - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Most of mine actually have been answered. But just a couple following up on the Ion Torrent line here. Just if you could maybe parse out a little bit with the new competition. Let's see, Illumina made some comments yesterday regarding market share in terms of revenues and how that might, if you have any comments there. I know you don't want to give too much color going forward, but just what you see there in terms of share for PGM versus the main competitor there on the desktop side?
Mark P. Stevenson: Well, yes, we still feel very good about the positioning first of our PGM instrument. And have continued to get good, strong placement and win share during the second full year that we've been going now. So the first quarter was as expected for us. We won units and new customers and existing. Particularly strong was the AmpliSeq uptake for us and with those customers who want to do panels and sets of genes, that was very strong. We started taking orders for Proton and that's really a game-changer as we start to take multiple orders for those systems, and feel good about getting prepared to start shipping those, as we say, coming up to the third quarter here and I think that will really position us strongly not only in the segment of the market we're being at genes, but now to enable the market to address exomes and whole genomes as we start shipping the Proton system. So I think we feel very good about the competitive positioning we have and we're all set for the year.
Vamil Divan - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And just one more if I could follow up just on that same sort of topic. Looking forward kind of end of the year next year, obviously, might get new competition in the space. Are you sensing any sort of hesitation or are people holding back on making purchases in anticipation of what might be coming?
Mark P. Stevenson: We haven't seen that. I mean, really customers want to get going in their research. I mean, this is a very fast-moving space, so customers really want to get going, get results and so we've seen broad adoption. We continue to release upgrades to the system so as we've done each quarter, we're improving the performance of the system. We're focused on ease of use of the PGM, the AmpliSeq more on the improvements and the accuracy and read length. So customers are really appreciating now that these -- in the roadmap we have, they're getting better and better performance out of the systems as we go forward. So that's really the feedback we're getting from the marketplace.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just want to ask maybe a long-term question to start regarding the Applied Sciences business. If we think about the secular growth that we're likely to see in the research world, give or take, the near-term budgetary environment, I think it's safe to argue that it's probably not going to return to the rate of growth that we've seen in the 90s. And so if we look at the Applied side of the business, there's obviously a lot better secular growth demand there to work with. So I'm just wondering if you're looking at M&A opportunities, is it fair to say you guys are maybe more inclined to look at assets that would fit into that part of your operating structure?
Gregory T. Lucier: I think that's a fair gauge of how we are thinking about capital deployment if we do an acquisition.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then not to harp on this too much, but if we look at the impact of the extra day in the quarter, just want to tease out exactly what you thought the impact was? It sounded like you thought it was pretty de minimis, but if you just kind of help quantify that, that will be very helpful.
David F. Hoffmeister: I don't think we want to go into the details of that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard from Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: I was just hoping you could provide us an update with your efforts to improve margins at Ion Torrent?
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes, so a couple of things going on. Firstly, on the PGM side, we actually moved and started this quarter production in our Singapore operating plant. And that allows us to both improve margins and also start to build in a factory that is a regulated factory. It's where we build our qPCR instruments that have 510(k) approval, and so that has dual advantage. Also, as we're seeing more uptake on consumables, we have the opportunity, again, to in-source some of the components and build those kits ourselves and just we have greater margin in the consumable uptakes. So both of those things will result in improved margins as we go through the year related to Ion Torrent product line.
Operator: And we also have a question from the line of Bill Bonello from RBC Capital.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I just want to revisit the earlier discussion of the currency and the way you're thinking about that relative to guidance, because you did increase the benefit that you expect to get from currency but you did not increase the EPS guidance. And I understand being conservative because that currency can fluctuate quite a bit. What I'm trying to understand, though, is on the cost side. If there's anything that switched or changed relative to when you last gave the EPS guidance. So is there anything on the margin front, on the expense front that you expect to be a little bit different, that sort of offsetting some of that anticipated currency tailwind?
David F. Hoffmeister: You mean for the full year?
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes.
David F. Hoffmeister: I don't think that there's anything in particular that we're expecting that's going to be different from our outlook that we've provided last quarter.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So just to think about that, then, if the currency does hold at the rates where it is in March even though you're not raising your guidance, it would be likely to think of that as either putting you towards the high end or above -- of the guidance?
David F. Hoffmeister: That's correct, that was John's earlier question.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I just wasn't sure. I know that's what he was asking, I wasn't sure I understood the answer exactly.
David F. Hoffmeister: Yes, that is the answer and we'll take a look at currency at the end of next quarter and we'll decide at that point in time if it looks like we want to raise guidance. At this stage, we've gotten $0.03 above what we originally thought. But as we've said, currency has been so unpredictable the last couple of years so we just think it's premature to raise it at this point.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I'll ask my last one question, which is, is the Ion Proton launch -- is that kind of a 3 month-ish delay from maybe what you'd been initially expecting when you said mid-2012?
Mark P. Stevenson: No, Bill. That's exactly on track for middle of the year, so nothing changed from our roadmap in January and everything is good. As we said then, we would announce milestones like we announced today when we started shipping to the early access customers and we're on track for full commercial release between now and the end of the third quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Brokmeier from the Maxim Group.
Bryan Brokmeier - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Just kind of getting back to the funding environment. We've known about the funding environment in the U.S. and the potential impact in the back half of the year, but I think that the strong first quarter and your outlook for the second quarter is above my expectation. Have you -- do you have more concerns about the U.S. funding environment? I don't want to beat a dead horse, but I think that despite the headwinds of the currency that we could still see a stronger back half of the year, depending on the funding environment.
Gregory T. Lucier: I'm not sure I understand your question. So are you saying that we could see it stronger...
Bryan Brokmeier - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Well, so I mean, I guess when you said that you saw a stronger first quarter and -- or it was above what we were expecting and the second quarter is above what I'm expecting, but you haven't -- you didn't really raise your revenue outlook for the year.
Gregory T. Lucier: That's right. And I think it really falls into this philosophy David used around the currency question is, we're just going to be very cautious. We don't see a deterioration of research spending in the United States across 2012. And equally, we're not banking on it strengthening either, and so our guidance, we think, is built on a reasonable cautious assumption of the spending profile through 2012.
Bryan Brokmeier - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: And just quickly lastly, on -- with the economic customers in your conversations with the economic customers and their purchasing expectations, can that be applied to their view of their -- of the whole Life science industry or were your conversations really pretty specific to your product portfolio?
Gregory T. Lucier: I think that our comments would be a broad brush for biomedical research spending. Now having said that, within that overall generalization, as we have said, there is certainly a real focus on Genetic Analysis, next-generation sequencing, stem cell research still, and those are the key areas where we are investing our R&D efforts accordingly.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Dan Arias from UBS.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Greg or Mark, I appreciate the comments on some of the directions you're going in for Genetic Analysis. In that vein, I'm wondering whether you'd be willing to make a rough guess percentage-wise -- what you think the breakdown of installed PGMs looks like by the end of the year, just in terms of research labs versus clinically focused labs. Just trying to better understand the pacing of the application expansion here.
Gregory T. Lucier: Maybe we'll fric and frac on that one. In the research side, it's -- there's many, many different opportunities because I think, as Mark said, we are seeing the democratization of sequencing across research. It's hypothesis free. It is becoming ever more the starting point for more and more experiments in Life Science research. So that's all good and that plays to our cards, if you will, that we want to be evermore that essential research provider of key tools. On the diagnostics side or clinical side, obviously that is a enormous market opportunity and we're seeing commensurate uptake of the product there as well. And as we've said, we're doing a number of things to further penetration there. We are seeking a 510(k) on the PGM. We've hired Ronnie Andrews. We think this AmpliSeq technology is an absolute game-changer and the more that people understand that, the more they'll realize the words we're saying. And so we have actually created a focused selling force around the clinical opportunities that is very experienced in that domain. And we think that'll be evermore of a percentage of what we're doing. But I would just conclude, we see ourselves us a diversified technology company. Sequencing, Genetic Analysis is very important, but it's one of several things we're doing to drive growth and create shareholder value, and that's why we're not going to get into this discrete submarket clarification because I think it just doesn't play to what we're saying to investors of being a very strong technology company.
Carol A. Cox: Okay. Thanks, Karen. You can repeat the replay information for everyone. And thank you for joining us on the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a good day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Carol Cox -  Gregory T. Lucier - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David F. Hoffmeister - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Mark P. Stevenson - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Quintin J. Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Life Technologies Corp. Q4 and Year-End 2000 (sic) [ 2011 ] Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Carol Cox, VP, Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Carol Cox: Thank you, Mary. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Life Technologies' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. A press release was issued today at 1 p.m. Pacific Time or 4 p.m. Eastern Time today and posted on our website at lifetechnologies.com, as well as filed in Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We also posted a deck of slides to accompany today's webcast which may be found in the Events and Presentations section of the Life Technologies Investor Relations website with our other earnings materials. And joining me on today's call are Greg Lucier, our Chairman and CEO; David Hoffmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Mark Stevenson, our Chief Operating Officer, will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you have not received a copy of today's press release, you may obtain one from our website at lifetechnologies.com.  I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. Important factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements are detailed in filings made by Life Technologies with the SEC. It's our intent that these forward-looking statements be protected under the Safe Harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in today's press release or on our website. I will now hand the call over to Greg Lucier.
Gregory T. Lucier: Thanks, Carol, and thanks, everyone, for joining us on today's call. It's fair to say that 2011 was a challenging year for the company as we faced macroeconomic headwinds and constrained spending by some of our customers. At that time, we evaluated what actions we needed to undertake in an uncertain environment and started executing against them. I'm pleased to announce that even in the face of these obstacles, we were able to deliver top line growth and increased our bottom line for the 12th consecutive year since the IPO of Invitrogen. For the year, we grew our revenue 4% and took prudent efforts to reduce our costs, helping drive a 40-basis-point increase in operating margins and 5% increase in our non-GAAP earnings per share for the year. If we exclude the impact of currency, our operating margins actually expanded an impressive 110 basis points for the year. We continue to expect to grow our operating margins at a rate of about 50 basis points per year and ultimately believe we can achieve operating margins in the mid-30% range. Our free cash flow for the year totaled $710 million, a new record high. These results are a testament to the strength of our core businesses, our market expansion strategies and our ability to quickly take actions to reduce operating expenses and optimize our investment spend. We finished the year strong, growing our revenue in the fourth quarter 4%, increasing our operating margins 470 basis points and increasing our non-GAAP EPS by 18%. This growth was driven by solid performance in our consumables products, a record number of Ion Torrent PGM shipments, which I'll talk more about later, and continued strength in our BioProduction business even as we faced hard comps from last year's fourth quarter. During 2011, we made solid progress expanding our business in emerging markets, where we are developing a local presence to take better advantage of the opportunities. We named a new head of Greater China, which includes mainland China, Taiwan and Hong Kong, to take our operations to the next level. Today, we have nearly 900 employees in this region, and we expect to add another 250 in 2012. We're building a direct sales force across China to ensure broader and deeper penetration of our products and, earlier in the year, brought online much larger warehouse facilities across that country in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou to better ensure product availability and faster delivery to our consumers. In early 2012, we continued to make progress, announcing an agreement to form a joint venture diagnostics business with China, DaAn company, a leading company in the molecular in-vitro diagnostics to form Life Technologies DaAn Diagnostics. We expect to leverage both companies' clinical sales forces to drive acceptance of a broad menu of CE-based kits and instruments in the Chinese market. This approach leverages our expertise in platform development and DaAn's expertise in regulated markets with kit development and commercialization. On the commercial side, we launched our new website in the third quarter, making our customers' purchasing experience much better and allowing us to capitalize on the growing happening in eCommerce. We do over $1 billion a year in eCommerce and have an incredible infrastructure that allows us to move biologically active products to countries all over the world in 3 to 5 days. Think of us as the Amazon.com for life sciences. When researchers are setting up new labs in emerging market countries, they come to Life Technologies because our brands are well established and scientific protocols cross the developed research markets. Using our website, they can easily select and purchase the products they need. We continued to build our product portfolio in 2011, introducing 800 new SKUs. I would like to highlight the November launch of our FLoid Cell Imaging Station. FLoid is a good example of how we are listening to our customers and developing products that help them do their work faster, easier and less expensively. FLoid allows researchers to quickly verify cells, creating high-quality images at the benchtop with an efficient and fully integrated solution that does not require specialized training. It's also 1/3 of the cost of conventional fluorescent microscopes and is compatible with our full line of Molecular Probes reagent products. Innovation in our genetic solutions business accelerated in 2011. As you know, we offer a full range of genetic solutions in our core product portfolio, from discovery to confirmatory analysis, as well as all the tools needed for downstream molecular biology and cell analysis experiments. Complementing these core offerings is Ion Torrent's game-changing semiconductor technology, which brings simplicity, speed and scalability to genetic sequencing and allows us to play at every stage of discovery and translational research. A year ago, we laid out a road map for our Ion Torrent franchise, arguably one of the most groundbreaking cutting-edge technologies we've seen in a long time in life sciences. The road map called for an unprecedented 10x increase in throughput every 6 months. We've reached every technical and commercial milestone we promised in 2011, launching the 314, 316 and 318 chips, and reached an impressive milestone when we shipped well over 700 PGM systems during the year. And if you look at this next-generation sequencing technology, we're really just getting going.  A month ago, we announced we're taking orders for our new benchtop Ion Proton Sequencer that is designed to sequence the entire human genome in a day for $1,000. We expect to launch the Ion Proton I Chip in mid-2012, which will allow researchers to sequence exomes in a few hours and the Proton II Chip 6 months later that will sequence human genomes, also in a few hours. With the PGM and the Proton, we really have a family of semiconductor sequencing products now. PGM is best-in-class solution for panels of genes and small genomes. It has completely redefined the category, and we think we'll open up vast new horizons in terms of clinical medicine. This platform is expected to drive growth in 2012 and beyond. I've talked about our achievements in innovation. Now let me move on to another area where our capabilities are our key strengths. We have a history of performance focus, and I have a great example to share with you. Recently, Industry Week magazine named our Austin, Texas, plant one of its top 10 plants in North America for 2011, making it the very first biotechnology facility to win that prestigious award. Other winners this year include Lockheed Martin and Toyota. I want to congratulate our Austin employees and thank them for their hard work and dedication. At the senior level, were recently added 2 new members to our leadership team who will play a critical role in growing our business in the areas of medical sciences and research and development. Ronnie Andrews joined us at the end of January as our new President and Head of Medical Sciences. Ronnie has more than 20 years of experience in the diagnostics industry, including leadership positions at Abbott, Roche and most recently was the CEO of Clarient, which was purchased by GE Healthcare. He is an important addition to our executive team as we grow our Medical Sciences business, particularly as we drive our first line of medicine agenda forward.  Ronnie is one of the most dynamic and respected leaders in the diagnostics space and brings deep expertise in commercializing diagnostics, particularly in the molecular domain. He'll apply that expertise to expand our presence in the molecular diagnostics space through partnership strategies, targeted acquisitions and continued innovation around the workflows. Dr. Alan Sachs recently joined us as the Head of Global Research and Development. In his new role, he will serve as the key liaison to the external scientific community and play a strong role in our R&D effectiveness and productivity initiatives as we work to increase our return on R&D. Alan's background includes serving on the faculty of University of California, Berkeley, where he was an Associate Professor in the Division of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology. He then spent 10 years as a leader at Merck Research Laboratories in the areas of molecular profiling, RNA therapeutics and exploratory and translational sciences. Before I move on to our outlook for 2012, I would like to address the topic that is top-of-mind of our investors, capital deployment. We generate a large amount of free cash flow annually, and I want to take a minute to talk about what we have done in the past, our strategy going forward and the criteria we use to evaluate potential acquisitions. Our approach over the last few years has been balanced as we have returned over 50% of our cash to equity and debt holders and used the remaining 50% to invest in acquisitions to support key franchises or expand into new markets. In any given year, we may have to pay down more debt or find strategically interesting acquisitions that could skew this ratio. But we are committed to a balanced approach going forward. In fact, since our third quarter earnings release, we have purchased over $100 million worth of our shares under the share repurchase authorization and have another $300 million remaining. We intend to continue to execute on this share repurchase in the near term. Turning to our strategy. We have and we will continue to invest in our business through a variety of vehicles, including acquisitions and capital investments, both of which we believe are necessary to drive further growth. We believe in the medium- to long-term growth opportunities in life science and tools industry. And to capitalize on this growth, we expect that acquisitions of various sizes will continue to be a component of our strategy. However, we will take a disciplined approach in evaluating those deals. We understand that investors demand a high rate of return, and we are fully committed to meeting this demand. As for the criteria by which we evaluate acquisitions, first, we target attractive markets. Once we have identified an attractive market, then and only then we look at specific companies in that space. As we evaluate these opportunities, we're targeting a greater-than-10% return on invested capital. If a target is a bolt-on or adjacent acquisition, we would expect to get that return within 3 years. If it's a larger platform deal, like our Ion Torrent deal was in 2010, we would target no more than 5 years for that rate of return. Now as we move to guidance, I want to mention that we have headwinds and tailwinds from 2011 impacting our top and bottom line growth which are unique to this year, 2012. Because these items require a fair amount of disclosure to ensure that the impact is transparent, David will walk through the specifics in detail in his prepared remarks. In the meantime, I want to talk about how we are expecting our underlying business to grow in 2012. First and foremost, we are approaching guidance from a conservative perspective because we think it's the prudent thing to do. We expect that our academic and government customers in developed markets will continue to be cautious, as they were in 2011. In the U.S. and Europe, we're assuming the markets remain challenged but stable. In our emerging and applied markets, such as food and animal safety and molecular diagnostics and in our BioProduction offerings, we're assuming growth opportunities. Finally, we expect our Ion Torrent franchise to grow significantly as we continue to place PGM and Proton instruments and pull through the associated consumables.  With all of these components in mind, we are guiding to organic revenue growth of 2% to 4% over 2011 revenues of $3.7 billion and a non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of $3.90 to $4.05, implying a growth of 5% at the low end and 9% at the high end of the range over 2011 non-GAAP EPS. We are expecting free cash flow in the range of $650 million to $675 million. David will walk you through the details of the onetime cash payments we expect to make in 2012 that impact that free cash flow. As we move into 2012, we are confident the markets we compete in will remain stable to what we saw in 2011 or possibly do even better as macroeconomic challenges lessen and a decision on sequestration in the U.S. likely happens later in the year. However, should any of our end markets deteriorate, we are prepared to take action to quickly reduce our costs.  Looking beyond 2012, I am very excited about the assets we have at Life. Our strong cash flow and 80% recurring revenues provide stability and support and continued investment in our Ion Torrent platform in emerging and applied markets, both of which will fuel growth into the future. With that, I'll turn it over to David to provide a more detailed overview of our results and guidance for 2012.
David F. Hoffmeister: Thanks, Greg, and good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks today, I will provide an overview of our results for the fourth quarter and the year, as well as provide greater details on our 2012 guidance. We ended 2011 with a solid quarter, growing our revenue and earnings and coming in slightly better than we expected for the year. We expanded our margin, lowered our expenses as a percentage of revenue and leveraged these results to grow our non-GAAP EPS by 5% for the year. At a more detailed level, revenue increased 4% to $970 million and increased 3% excluding currency. Organic revenue growth by region in the quarter was as follows: the Americas was flat versus a strong fourth quarter in 2010, Europe grew 4%, Asia Pacific grew 10% and Japan grew 4%. For the full year, the Americas grew 2%, Europe grew 3%, Asia Pacific grew 9% and Japan declined by 3%. Taking a closer look at our divisional results for the quarter. The Genetic Systems division increased 13% to $278 million over the same period last year. Excluding the impact from currency, revenue increased 11%. For the full year, Genetic Systems grew 8%, and excluding the impact of currency, it grew 7%. For both the quarter and the full year, Ion Torrent continued to contribute to the growth in this division, driven by strong sequential sales of the PGM and associated products which were partially offset by reduced sales of SOLiD products. We also continued to see good growth in our forensics business and low single-digit growth in our CE business overall. The Molecular Biology Systems division revenue decreased 1% to $441 million for the quarter compared to prior year. Excluding the impact from currency, revenue for the division decreased 2%. For the full year, Molecular Biology Systems was flat, and excluding currency, it was down approximately 2%. For both the quarter and the full year, the decline in revenue was due to the expected decrease in qPCR royalty payments and the continued lower spending by government and academic customers. To better understand the underlying results in this division, it might help you to know that the decline in qPCR royalties was a 1% headwind in both periods. The Cell Systems division revenue increased 3% to $244 million for the fourth quarter compared to the prior year. Excluding currency, revenue grew 1%. This performance was the result of tougher comparables for the BioProduction business, which grew approximately 20% in the same period last year. For the full year, Cell Systems grew 7%, and excluding currency, it grew 6%, driven by increased BioProduction sales and higher sales across the majority of our other Cell Systems businesses. Fourth quarter non-GAAP gross margin increased 20 basis points to 64.8% compared to prior year, driven by higher realized price and higher manufacturing productivity. These benefits were partially offset by the negative impact of higher sales of Ion Torrent instruments, which carry a lower gross margin than the company average. Additionally, we executed on an early termination of a supplier agreement, which had a negative impact on margins in the quarter. For the full year, gross margins decreased 150 basis points primarily due to the currency hedges and a higher sales of 5500 upgrades and PGM instruments. As expected, on a sequential basis, gross margin decreased by approximately 130 basis points primarily due to product mix that included increased sales of Ion and BioProduction, lower fixed-cost absorption related to year-end inventory management, the termination of the supply agreement and the typical year-end decline in pricing, all of which was partially offset by favorable currency and royalty revenue. Approximately 100 basis points of this decline were onetime or year-end-specific items. Fourth quarter non-GAAP operating expenses were $328 million, a decrease of 8% from prior year levels. As a percent of revenue, operating expenses decreased over 440 basis points. Sequentially, operating expenses decreased by $12 million, driven by cost savings initiatives and controls on discretionary spending, which were partially offset by our increased investment in Ion and Greater China. In the second half of 2011, we made solid progress in reducing our expenses, delivering a total of $17 million in incremental cost savings compared to Q2, within the range of $10 million to $20 million we guided to in July. Full year non-GAAP operating expenses were $1.4 billion, a decrease of 1% over prior year levels. The decrease was due to various cost savings initiatives, partially offset by increased investments in Ion and emerging markets.  Our non-GAAP operating profit for the fourth quarter totaled $301 million, an increase of 23% over prior year. Fourth quarter operating margin was a record high 31%, representing an increase of 470 basis points. The increase over the prior year was a result of our continued focus on realizing operational efficiencies throughout the company. For the full year, operating margins improved 40 basis points to 29.1%. Excluding currency, our operating margins improved 110 basis points. In terms of non-GAAP other income line items, we had $1 million of interest income, a loss of $3 million from foreign exchange gains and losses and other items and interest expense of $32 million. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 26.8%. Compared to the same quarter of last year, the rate was up as expected due to recognition in the prior year quarter of the full year effect of the R&D tax credit and other tax provisions which had expired at the end of 2009 and were not renewed until the fourth quarter of 2010. The full year tax rate is 27.3%. Our diluted share count for the quarter was 184.5 million shares, a decrease of 7 million shares year-over-year. Dilution from our employee equity plan was more than offset by our ongoing share repurchase program. For the full year, our diluted share count was 185.6 million. Since our last earnings release, we have purchased approximately 2.5 million shares for $100 million. With this purchase, we will have about $300 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization and as Greg said, we intend to continue to execute against it. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.69. On a non-GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share were $1.06. Our non-GAAP earnings per share exclude noncash interest expense, business integration and other charges and acquisition-related amortization expense. In addition, during the fourth quarter of 2011, we settled a licensing dispute which resulted in an increase in GAAP net income. However, since the settlement was associated with prior periods, we've not included this income in our non-GAAP results. For the full year, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $3.73. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow statements, our ending cash and short-term investments were $882 million. This compares to last quarter's balance of $636 million. Cash from operating activities was $316 million, capital expenditures were $34 million and free cash flow was $282 million. Free cash flow for the same year came in higher than expected and totaled $710 million, driven by lower restructuring costs and lower capital expenditures. Return on invested capital was 8.9%, and we remain committed to achieving our goal of 10% return on invested capital by the end of 2012. Our ending debt as of December 31 was approximately $2.7 billion. This balance is made up of our convertible debt of $450 million and senior notes of $2.3 billion. In January, we announced our intention to redeem the convertible notes on February 15. Before I move on to guidance, I have an additional topic to cover. As we announced in our earnings release, we're planning to make changes in our revenue reporting to better align with some recent modifications we've made in our internal organization as well as the end markets we serve. These changes have no impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. We currently report revenue under 3 divisions: Molecular Biology Systems, Genetic Systems and Cell Systems. We are reorganizing our business into 3 new business groups: Research Consumables, Genetic Analysis and Applied Sciences. We plan to start reporting revenue under these 3 business groups when we report out on our first quarter of 2012. We understand that everyone will need to update their financial models with the new business groups, and so we will provide revised historical financial data for 2010 and 2011 on our website in April prior to reporting the first quarter results. And I'll now move on to our expectations for 2012. We expect organic revenue growth to range between 2% and 4% for the year. The middle of this range is in line with the growth we had in our business at the end of the year and in the second half of 2011. Our revenue growth is again expected to be weighted to the back half of the year with revenue growth in the first half of the year expected to be slightly below the lower end of the guidance range. Growth for the year includes overcoming approximately $130 million in headwinds made up of the following components: we're estimating a $30 million reduction in qPCR royalties, a $40 million reduction in U.S. stimulus-related sales as those grants end and a $60 million reduction of sales of 5500 instruments as we continue to ramp up sales of Ion Torrent semiconductor sequencing products. On the other hand, we no longer have the currency hedge, which was a $64 million drag on revenue in 2011, although currency at December month-end rates is more than offsetting the positive benefit on revenue. The net impact to revenue of the hedge roll-off and the changes in the exchange rate is a negative $26 million or 0.7%, but is actually a positive $0.02 impact to our non-GAAP EPS. Operating margin is expected to improve approximately 50 to 100 basis points compared to 2011. We continue to be on track to achieve 31% operating margin by the end of 2013. We expect non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of $3.90 to $4.05 with an implied increase of 5% to 9% over 2011 results. We plan to update our currency expectations quarterly based on month-end rates at the end of each quarter. While we cannot predict how rates will move throughout 2012, if all currencies moved against the dollar by 5% and our mix of foreign currencies stay the same, the impact on earnings per share would be about $0.24. We expect free cash flow to be in the range of $650 million to $675 million. The decline from 2011 is the result of approximately $130 million in onetime cash costs we will have in 2012 that we did not have in 2011, primarily related to a tax recapture payment due on the convertible notes, a payment associated with the Ion Torrent milestone -- excuse me, and the increased capital expenditures, which are expected to be in the range of $120 million to $140 million in 2012. Our free cash flow forecast also includes approximately $40 million of onetime expenses related to restructuring, down from approximately $80 million in 2011.  I want to take a minute now to provide some additional details related to the guidance that I believe will help you update your financial models for 2012. First, we expect our revenue and earnings to be weighted to the second half of the year, with the split between the first half and the second half of 2012 being very similar to the first half-second half split we had in 2011. We expect our results for the first quarter to be the lowest of the year, results in the fourth quarter to be the highest and for our results in the second and third quarters to be generally in line with each other. Second, while we do not normally provide quarterly guidance, nor do we plan to provide it moving forward, we do believe that giving greater detail than normal around the first 2 quarters would be helpful. Our expectation is that for the first quarter, revenue will be in the range of $915 million to $925 million, and non-GAAP EPS will be $0.91 to $0.95. For the second quarter, we're expecting revenue to be slightly down compared to the second quarter of 2011, which benefited from over $30 million in SOLiD instrument sales, and for EPS to be up slightly from the range we are guiding to for the first quarter of 2012. We're estimating our non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 28%. Our guidance assumes that the R&D tax credit will be reinstated and that the impact of this benefit is approximately 0.6%. The overall tax rate is about 0.5% higher than 2011 due to lower anticipated sales of instruments manufactured overseas. We expect the first quarter tax rate will be about 28.6%. Our rate in the second and third quarters will also likely be 28.6%. We do not expect that the R&D tax credit will be extended prior to the fourth quarter. Full year interest expense, net of interest income, is expected to be approximately $120 million. Other income and expense, which includes foreign exchange gains and losses, is expected to total approximately $10 million in expense. Assuming an average share price of $49, we would expect the weighted average diluted share count for the year to be in the range of 184 million to 186 million shares. And this does not include the impact of any additional share repurchases which we may do during the rest of the year. And with that, I'll hand the call back over to Carol.
Carol Cox: Great. Thanks, David. Mary, we'll open the call now to question and answers. I would just ask everyone, if you could limit your questions to 1 question and 1 follow-up, we will greatly appreciate it so we can get as many calls in as possible. Mary, if you could open it up, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Quintin Lai from Robert W. Baird.
Quintin J. Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Greg, so with respect to -- you've given a lot of color on some of the headwinds you've got, but you talked about some of the offsets being the traction you're seeing in Ion Torrent. Can you maybe give us a little color on how you ended the year in Q4 with Ion Torrent sales? And then kind of what you expect the contribution to be in 2012?
Gregory T. Lucier: Well, in terms of Ion Torrent in the fourth quarter, we had substantial sequential growth over the third quarter. And as I said in the prepared remarks, we had well over 700 PGM systems sold over the course of 2011. So it was a real gangbuster year for Ion Torrent. We expect, as I also said in the prepared comments, substantial growth over that level again in 2012. And that will be made up of more PGM instruments, which just continues to gain traction because it's proven, it's low cost, easy to use, and then increasingly in the second half of the year, the Proton instrument.
Quintin J. Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then as you're -- you've announced Proton. But what's the customer response been? I mean, do you see that customers that liked PGM continue to buy PGM? Or do you think that some of the customers that will maybe look at PGM might have -- might hold back and wait until the Proton gets released?
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes, we are not seeing cannibalization of the Proton on to the PGM. PGM is for genes and panels and small genomes. Proton is for exomes and genomes. And I would be -- want to point out very importantly that we've created a bridge strategy that rewards customer loyalty. And so you can buy a PGM, and essentially it goes towards full credit if you also then want to secure a Proton. So there is no penalty, if you will, of having to make a choice between PGM or Proton. It's really about what application do you need, and we have a semiconductor sequencing instrument to solve it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Groberg from Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: I just had my question and a follow-up. My first question is maybe a little bit more detail on PCR. I know you gave the detail on the royalties, but if you just think about kind of the base kind of instrument business versus the assay and more consumable business on -- in your PCR franchise, all included. Maybe you can just give us a little bit of detail as to how that was trending in '11 and what you anticipate that doing in 2012.
Gregory T. Lucier: You bet. And I will jointly answer this question with Mark, who's on the phone. But the first is an overlay that -- we've had to overcome pretty substantial PCR royalties expiring over the last few years. In 2012, as David mentioned, it's really the last big year of the drop-off. And so what we face in 2013 is very manageable, much smaller. And so I think that removes a substantial headwind as we move through 2012. Now in terms of the underlying instruments versus assays, Mark, maybe you could answer Jon his question.
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes, Jon. I would say that we continue to see good strength in our assays business and the consumables pulling through just a large install base. And as we go into this year, we will see a refreshment to the higher end of our qPCRs. We launched the QuantStudio and start shipments in this first quarter. So we're optimistic about that getting traction in the high throughput range.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Okay, great. And then just kind of a follow-up on the -- on some of the things you've laid out for the year as well. You mentioned SOLiD being -- the revenues on the instruments side, and obviously you're going to lose those. What are you seeing so far on the reagent side? I mean, should we be thinking about SOLiD revenues basically being really 0 in 2012 as people shift to the Ion platforms? Or I guess how should we think about the consumable flow on top of the existing instruments?
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes, it's a good question. First, we're expecting SOLiD consumables to be in the tens of millions for 2012. And importantly, we're very focused on having those customers that own the 5500 to get ever more productivity. And one of the things that we are introducing to them is an upgrade program called Wildfire that eliminates EPCR completely and makes the 5500 instrument incredibly easy to use. And therefore, hopefully, more experiments get conducted on that installed base.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Maybe just following up on the last one on SOLiD. I mean, as we think about the Proton system and the Ion Torrent road map, can you just talk a little bit about will you be going after SOLiD customers, trying to get them to swap out? And also, how we think about CE. Are there incentives in place to try to get some of them to convert over to either PGM or the Proton system when that's out later this year?
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes. Mark, why don't you grab that one?
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes, sure. So we take on the 5500 customers, we certainly will see those customers and we'll target them, not only continue with 5500 but introduce Ion and Proton to them. And the rapid turnaround, I think, will be attractive to them. And as we get to the whole genome, that will be important. We see -- we really still see a set group of applications that -- particularly in the validated area, we continue to see in diagnostics. So that will remain stable. But certainly, some of our CE customers we'll also introduce Ion Torrent to, and there'll be additional users that we'll target as part of our loyalty program to upgrade CE as well to Ion Torrent.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then this one -- next one may be a little bit of a moot point now that you're restructuring the divisions. But as we think about the underlying growth for your businesses, should we think about Molecular Biology getting back to a -- kind of call it a low- to mid-single-digit growth profile if you back out the PCR royalty roll-off?
Gregory T. Lucier: Tycho, that's clearly our expectation is to get in 2012 to probably this year, low single digits and then building off that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Bhalla from Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted to just get your thoughts on the other 2 business segments and the outlook. You just said Molecular Biology, low-single digits. So can you talk about Cell Systems and Genetic Systems outlook for 2012 and just overlay what your view is on academic and government spending in the various parts of your guidance range?
Gregory T. Lucier: So I'll take that one. Cell Systems grew this year in the mid-single digits. It was less impacted by the slowdown in government spending than some of the other divisions. We expect it'll continue to grow in about the mid-single digits next year. Genetic Systems overall grew in the teens powered by the Ion Torrent, and we expect it to continue to grow in about that range next year.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And my second question, a follow-up, is on the acquisition strategy. I think, Greg, you mentioned acquisitions of various sizes. That was the words you used in your prepared comments. Can you go into a little bit more detail on timing and how you think about -- and what are the criteria for the different sizes?
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes. I think it would be a mistake to say that we're targeting any particular size because we don't. We're really incredibly focused on return on invested capital when we deploy the money towards an acquisition. And quite frankly, you haven't seen us do a lot over the last 18 months because we feel that we would not be able to get good return on that money. We've done smaller, little tuck-in things that, quite frankly, we've barely even announced because they're not that significant. So I would just convey back to you is that size doesn't matter to us, but really deployment of capital and getting a return on it is really what guides us today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Muken from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Greg, you talked about sort of the sequestration here in the U.S. where we'll get an outcome at some point this year. And obviously, we've seen some different budgetary changes x U.S. I mean, how are you guys thinking about the way customers are going to respond to these sort of in-flux budgets as the year goes on vis--vis sort of -- compare it to what we saw in 3Q? And how are you sort of prepared for that from an instrument base versus a consumable base? And do you expect sort of the reactions to be different in either of those 2 subgroups?
Gregory T. Lucier: Well, let me give you some thoughts on your broad-ranging question here. First, as I've said publicly, we believe that sequestration will not happen and that the NIH budget will be relatively secure, flat, up a little in 2013. That's our opinion, and we'll see what happens towards the end of the year. We think, no matter what, though, that these customers in academic and government entities around the world will remain focused on getting ever better deals. It's just a new realm of affordability that I think guides their choices. And to that end, we believe that we have a very compelling, winning strategy to grow nicely in that environment. It's a little bit, as I've said also publicly, the BMW strategy. We're the only brand or set of brands that can scale from the very high end to the lower-standard end with, I think, a secure source and great quality. So we're going to do well, and we're very focused on doing well on that environment. Lastly, I think it's irrefutable that as grants are made here or in Europe or in China, there's ever more money focused on genetic analysis. And I think you can see by our fourth quarter results that we are building a very strong, broad product line and set of solutions there that range from Ion to qPCR and this new QuantStudio that does digital PCR to the broadest range of assays that you can order online. And that's the message going out, and we're seeing real traction as being the place and the provider that people want to partner with.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That was great. Maybe just one quick follow-up to a question that was asked before. So you added some pretty serious management talent to the business in the last couple of months. Obviously some pretty diverse experience but certainly giving some sort of medical and sort of nontraditional for you sort of a backbone with a few of the folks. I mean, as you look at the business longer term in terms of moving towards the clinic, obviously it's going to be a mix of an organic and inorganic strategy, and some of the inorganic might skew this. But how much of your business do you think you can eventually have that's sort of outside sort of the traditional research markets, whether it's clinical, clinical and applied, et cetera? Is there sort of a stated long-term goal? Do you think that clinical could be as big as the applied markets are for you today? What kind of color can you give us there on a long-term basis?
Gregory T. Lucier: It's a good question. At the board level, we talk about this a lot and we're committed over the next several years to get about 30% of our portfolio out of life science research directly, whether that's in forensics, food testing or, as you described, in the medical realm. In the medical realm, we're being pulled in that direction, in following the Ion Torrent technology, because it's really creating a compelling solution set now for hospitals, diagnostic companies and the like. And I think the beauty of where we stand today is that we will partner and we will out-license that technology to partners that can really make the most of it. And we did that strategy with great success with qPCR in the research realm, and we'll do that strategy with great success in the clinical realm with Ion Torrent. And so I think we tell people we have an open door. We're ready for open dialogue, and we're seeing lots of people wanting to come and knock on that door and do business with us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Bonello from RBC Capital.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I have a question on the change in the business units. If you can just tell us a little bit more about the thinking behind that. Does it imply any kind of a change in the way that you're evaluating the markets? Any kind of a change in how you're approaching the markets? And any kind of change in the leadership of the business units? And then I do have a follow-up.
Gregory T. Lucier: Well, let me take that the one and then Mark can jump in. These are business groups that we think better match how the business has evolved internally, and I think it also is a better match with our markets. And one way that that's a better match is in the Applied Sciences, which Greg spoke about. We're going to more clearly group the businesses, forensics, BioProduction, those businesses that are not research focused, so that investors can see the results better tied to the end use markets. The other change that we're making is in Genetic Analysis where we're grouping all of the instruments in the applied consume -- and the associated consumables into that. And so I think the internal organization has evolved to those kind of groupings and that this just better matches up the way we're looking at the business internally and from a market perspective with the way we're talking about it to investors.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So just -- that was sort of, I think, that I might follow up. So actually, in terms of sort of how you're structured from a management and reporting and organizational standpoint, that really is not changing? It's really just how you're reporting the results to all of us that's changing?
Gregory T. Lucier: Well, there's been some changes that have taken place in -- over the course of the last couple of years, and we've just not reflected that in our external reporting. I think what we're doing now is catching up the external reporting with really the evolution that's taken place with the internal structure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Wood from Jefferies.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So Greg, appreciate the color on the return criteria. Can you comment at this point on how you're tracking kind of towards that 10% hurdle rate by year 5 on Ion Torrent? Are you ahead, in line or behind where you thought it should be at this point? And then will you be open to disclosing kind of empirical figures around this whenever the appropriate time may be, from your perspective?
Gregory T. Lucier: Just so I understand that last part, the empirical figures for the overall calculation or Ion Torrent results?
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: No, for Ion Torrents. So just whenever that -- the appropriate time may be, whether it's in year 3, year 4, are you open to disclosing more detail around how you're tracking to that metric?
Gregory T. Lucier: Sure. So on the first part, the first year of Ion Torrent exceeded our expectations. And we're on -- we're in -- a month or so into 2012 and we're on track again for the second year of our expectations. The second half of your question is would we divulge how big did Ion Torrent sequencing become 3, 4 years down the road, and I think the answer is yes. But -- and I'd also say to you that when it gets to that, you will also see, because it will be powering the top line of the company significantly. So we'll be happy to talk about that in a couple of years' time.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, very good. My follow-up is for David. Are you willing to comment on gross margins in 2012? And I'm particularly interested in how you're kind of viewing mix as an overall effect. I know there was a lot of noise related to SOLiD upgrades in '11, Ion Torrent growth in '12. So anything you can offer us on kind of gross margin mix effect in '12 would be great.
David F. Hoffmeister: Yes. So let me comment a little. I'd -- first, I'd start off by saying we really want to focus people on the operating margin. We've said that's going to be up to 50 to 100 basis points, and we'll do what we need to do, as Greg said, in order to ensure that we get there. In terms of gross margin, you're right, there are a lot of moving parts there. We think the gross margin's been up slightly in 2012. We do have some headwinds there, principally the fall in royalties and also the increased growth in Ion Torrent, both of which are a drag on our gross margins. But we have productivity programs and other things underway that we think will offset that.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: All right, that was great. One last one. R&D as a percent of sales.
Gregory T. Lucier: R&D as a percent of sales will be a little bit over 9%. And as we've said publicly, we're good at that level. I think investors should see somewhere between high 8s, 10% is a range that we can flex in. And so we're hovering around 9% in 2012.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin from Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So I have a technology geek question. So given that...
Gregory T. Lucier: Dave will answer that.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So given -- I mean, just a kind of question on the benchtop sequencing market. So given that your competitor's box that can do 4 to 7 gigabases per run, admittedly for much longer run time, and your Proton 1 Chip is basically going to be doing about 10 megs, albeit in a shorter time. Really, given the path -- technological pathway -- I mean, I would argue that as in the run time, cost per boxes are roughly basically equivalent. So to me, the big question when I look at this is what does the Proton II Chip really do? And I guess, how soon are we going to be able to see results from that? Are we going to see something in AGBT?
Gregory T. Lucier: So let me answer that first, then Mark can fill in any gaps. But in AGBT next week, we will be showing some data that I think will provide more clarity of just how compelling this instrument is. I think there's a few other points just to amplify, though. First, you shouldn't dismiss the speed aspect. We're talking about substantial differences in speed, between well over a day, maybe 2 days, versus hours. And I can assure you as we speak with customers, especially in a clinical setting, that makes all the world of difference, and you don't have to have much of a discussion after that. However, there are substantial other advantages. For example, the read length. The read length of this instrument continues to increase, and that allows us to have ever more set of applications that I think open up an lot of new horizons. I'll give you an example. HLA. And so we're working with customers in HLA now that this instrument could be a compelling new platform for that field. The last thing I would say to you, again I think you shouldn't just compare the Proton instrument directly to that other instrument, because with the change of a simple chip, which is a consumable, you go from an exome to entire genome in 2012. And so there is a lot of versatility, a lot of growth. And again, just the economics, bottom line, are far better on this Proton instrument. That's not just me talking. That's what the customers are saying. And we'll have to prove that out in our results, and we'll -- we intend to do that.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. Speaking of the PGM, what are you looking at -- what was the average consumable pull-through kind of exiting 2011? And what are you looking for, for 2012?
Gregory T. Lucier: Derik, the average consumable pull-through for the PGM for the year at the end of the year was about $50,000, and we're targeting around $60,000 for next year. And we still believe we're on track for the $80,000 that we originally projected.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And just one quick, if I could squeeze it in. You're talking about seeing Molecular Biology Systems go back to a low-single-digit growth rate. Obviously, that's going to be a very back-end loaded for this just given what your implied guidance and the fact that your PCR royalties are going to have to come off a lot in Q1 and Q2, if I remember correctly on how this works.
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, just making sure I can do the math.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Appreciate all your comments earlier in your prepared remarks on capital deployment. Clearly, there's a lot of focus in the investment community on the Roche tender for Illumina. Clearly, expanding into the clinical environment is an ongoing focus for Life Technologies. Does a major diagnostic company becoming so aggressive in its pursuit of a next-gen sequencing platform at all affect how you think about how quickly and how much you should be spending on advancing into the clinic? And how important could M&A be in accelerating your initiatives in this area?
Gregory T. Lucier: Look, I would say that the Roche-Illumina transaction really doesn't affect our plans. We're not anxious. We're deliberate and we're executing a road map that Ronnie Andrews is going to do a masterful job doing. And one of the things that we'll do, and just to be very clear since I maybe wasn't clear in the earlier question-and-answer was, we are able to partner with other diagnostic companies in a very compelling way, and Ronnie will lead that effort. There are other areas and new ideas we have of business models that we're also carrying out, and Ronnie will lead that, too. And so I would just tell you that we're executing on a plan. A person of the caliber of Ronnie Andrews would not have joined us unless he came in, saw what [ph] the plans shared with him, and he felt they were really a winning set of ideas. So, you'll see them unfold. You'll start to see them unfold. And we feel good about our hand.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe if I could just ask 2 quick clean-up questions. I think you said there was $300 million remaining in the repurchase program. Is that exclusive of the amount that you set aside to buy back shares related to the Ion Torrent milestone?
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then could you guys give out anything that will allow us to get at a placement number for PGM in Q4? I'm just curious if you continued the sequential growth that we've seen over the last few quarters, the first full quarter you're competing with Misic [ph]?
Gregory T. Lucier: Substantial growth in the fourth quarter over the third quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to try another question on the Ion Torrent piece from a different angle. If we look back the last couple of quarters, you've broken out acquisition contributions that would imply that the business there for PGM is growing, a pretty nice clip, I think about 45% sequential. So just trying to get a sense of how that trend continued in the fourth quarter. Obviously, the product has a lot of momentum. But just trying to square up what the contribution of PGM was this quarter. And then as we look into this coming year, what kind of trajectory is implied? When you kind of think of the midpoint of your guidance is 3% organic, how much of that is Ion Torrent?
David F. Hoffmeister: Well, what we've done this time, Isaac, and I appreciate the questions that people are asking, is that since we've now lapped one year, we're not breaking out Ion Torrent for competitive reasons in the detail that we've done in the past. We provided the number of units. As Greg said, we had been growing sequentially at a rate of about 50% or so, and that continued in the fourth quarter.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And just if we look more broadly on the economic spending environment, maybe if you could kind of look back on the quarter and give us a sense qualitatively of what we've learned about how customer purchasing behavior may be taking place relative to your initial expectations. Has there been any sort of trend in the behavior line with the uncertain funding environment that you've found notable or maybe different than you initially expected?
David F. Hoffmeister: Look, I think we said that it didn't get better, it didn't get the worse. It's really has stabilized. But this is a difficult environment. You've got to be really committed to do well in this environment. And given that this is the bulk of what we do, we've gotten pretty damn good at what we do in this market. And you saw that by the leverage and the results we got in the fourth quarter. I think going forward, this will -- this environment continues, and as you heard our guidance, we expect it to continue and not get worse but not get better. There will be companies that probably can't continue to invest at the rate they need to, to remain relevant. And we feel great about that as potentially a consequence because we're very committed to being there at the bench for biologically active products all over the world. And I think we're going to come through this period pretty strong.
Carol Cox: All right, great. Well thank you, everyone. This concludes our fourth quarter 2011 conference call. And obviously, if you will have any additional questions, please feel free to contact us here at the offices. The webcast will be available via replay on our website for about 3 weeks. And thank you, once again, for joining us. Thanks, Mary.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Gregory T. Lucier - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Amanda Clardy - Chief Marketing Officer David F. Hoffmeister - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Mark P. Stevenson - President and Chief Operating Officer Agnes Lee - 
Analysts: David Ferreiro - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Derik De Bruin - UBS Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital, Research Division Vijay Kumar - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Tycho W Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Quintin J. Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Unknown Analyst - 
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Life Technologies Corporation Q3 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I must advise you that this conference is being recorded, today, Tuesday, October 25, 2011. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Ms. Agnes Lee, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Agnes Lee: Thank you, Vivian, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Life Technologies Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today are Greg Lucier, our Chairman and CEO; and David Hoffmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Mark Stevenson, our Chief Operating Officer, will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you haven't received a copy of today's press release, you may obtain one from our website, at lifetechnologies.com. I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. It is our intent that these forward-looking statements be protected under the Safe Harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in today's press release or on our website. I will now hand the call over to Greg Lucier.
Gregory T. Lucier: Thanks, Agnes, and thank you, all, for joining our call today. I hope you've had a chance to review the press release that we issued earlier this afternoon. As you will have seen, our year-on-your non-GAAP revenue increased 7% including currency and 4% without currency. This translated to almost 30% operating margins and $0.94 of non-GAAP earnings per share. We're pleased with these results, especially given the tough macro environment we're all facing. Our broad range of consumable products continue to be sought out after customers who want to ensure the highest quality tools for their everyday research needs.  Because of the breadth of our product lines, we're exposed to all types of labs and customers that provides us with a useful perspective. Let me take a moment to share some color on what we're seeing in various end markets. There's been a lot of discussion recently about government funding on research. In our view, it's clear that funding in developed markets is going to be less than it was historically. That said, we believe this environment has settled for the next few months, specifically in the U.S. and Europe. But there remains multiple end markets that are stable, even demonstrating very attractive growth. A few of those markets are government-funded research in emerging markets and applied markets such as food and animal safety and molecular diagnostics.  In addition, the biotech segment for us is still growing quite nicely as demand for our Bioproduction offerings increases.  As it relates to regional growth, we see the same macroeconomic trends we saw in the second quarter prevailing again in this quarter, leading to growth by region of 2% in the Americas, 5% in Europe, 14% in Asia-Pacific and a decline of 2% in Japan. This year, we have placed a greater intensity on increasing our competitiveness in core markets. Our goal is to remain the vendor of choice by providing a complete range of product offerings that fit every level of budget and research need. Further, we continuously look for ways of adding value by providing more convenient and efficient ways to purchase from us. One such new example is our new lifetechnologies.com website, which went live several weeks ago. This new site was designed around the users that visit our website every day to find the latest scientific protocols and purchase their lab essentials. This website has been live in beta form for over 2 months, and we received extremely positive feedback from the user community. We're happy to present this new site to our customers and expect it will make their purchasing experience with us even easier and more favorable than ever. Other bright spots within the quarter include our applied businesses such as molecular diagnostics and forensics, as well as several new product introductions. As I said earlier, the applied markets continue to present good growth opportunities for us as demonstrated through a large forensic order delivered to the Russian government this quarter. We have also just received China SFDA clearance for our 3500 diagnostics CE instrument. In addition, we have announced several molecular diagnostic collaborations recently that are worthy of note, specifically an agreement with GlaxoSmithKline to develop a QPCR-based companion diagnostic for an innovative cancer therapy. You should expect more of these types of companion diagnostic arrangements from us in the future.  Beyond expanding our presence into new areas, our innovation engine continues to deliver new products every quarter. In the past few months, we added to our consumables franchise with new reagent kits for both the research and applied markets such as our new VetMAX animal health diagnostic kit and our MagMAX kit, which is used to isolate RNA and DNA from cancer tumor tissues. In addition, we have made incredible progress with the Ion Torrent technologies and remain ahead of our technical roadmap and milestones. We released 8 important new products for this system. We also started to develop our access for the 318 chip, which is expected to launch by December. With this chip, we will achieve a 100-fold increase in throughput in less than one year. The Ion Torrent technology helps us deliver on our vision of democratizing sequencing, enabling researchers in any-size lab to access and utilize our products. We believe the market is expanding beyond large core lab, and this is what we hope to enable through our product offerings. In addition, the trends toward decentralization and greater demand for desktop sequencing increases the need for confirmatory testing and downstream analysis. The Applied Biosystems Sanger sequencing and QPCR technologies are the gold standards for this confirmatory testing, and we expect it to continue to be an important part of the workflow as genetic research that starts in next-generation sequencing moves towards applications in other commercial markets. In summary, we are executing well and focused on optimizing our core business. Despite the slowdown in government research funding this year, we don't expect it to get materially worse in the near future. We are benefited by the fact that we have such a diverse portfolio that we aren't tied to the fate of any one technology or end market. Nonetheless, we are repositioning the company for a slower growth environment. We are doing this by lowering our cost structure, focusing our R&D efforts and optimizing a way in which we market and sell our products. Above all else, we remain committed to continuing to provide our customers with outstanding products and services. Before I turn the call over to David, I'd like to mention the recent management change. As of today, Bernd Brust will be taking a consultative role to work on several special projects for the company. I'd like to thank Bernd for his years of service with Life Technologies and for his help this last year as we formulized the approach into the molecular medicine market.  With that, I will hand it over to David to walk you through the details of the quarter and our outlook for the remainder of the year.
David F. Hoffmeister: Thanks, Greg. Taking a closer look at divisional results for the quarter, the Cell Systems division non-GAAP revenue was $244 million, an increase of 10% over the same period last year. Excluding the impact from currency, revenue grew 6% year-over-year. This performance was the result of solid growth in all regions and most product lines, including low double-digit growth in our Bioproduction business. The Molecular Biology Systems division non-GAAP revenue was $426 million, an increase of 3% versus prior year. Excluding the impact from currency, revenue for the division was flat due to the general funding environment. One exception is our QPCR franchise, which grew, driven by new products launched in the last year and increased consumables sales. The Genetic Systems division non-GAAP revenue was $256 million in the quarter, an increase of 12% over the same period last year. Excluding the impact from currency, revenue increased 8%. One of the items that positively impacted growth in the quarter was the Russian forensic order that Greg mentioned earlier. In addition, growth in this division was driven by strong sales of the Ion Torrent PGM and associated products, partially offset by reduced sales of 5500 products. Ion Torrent sales were approximately $20 million for the quarter, an increase of 50% sequentially. We also shipped over 400 OneTouch sample prep systems. As Greg mentioned, we are currently ahead of our technical milestones for Ion Torrent, and we expect to continue to see a tenfold improvement in throughput every 6 months with this platform. In aggregate, revenue increased 7%, or 4% excluding currency. Third quarter non-GAAP gross margin was 66.1%, 70 basis points lower than prior year. Higher price realization and productivity were offset by negative mix from higher instrument sales, lower royalty revenue and currency.  On a sequential basis, however, gross margin increased by approximately 190 basis points primarily due to lower manufacturing overhead costs, currency and a positive benefit from product mix mainly due to fewer 5500 upgrades and increased sales of core consumables. Third quarter non-GAAP operating expenses were $340 million, an increase of 4% over prior-year levels. As a percent of revenue, operating expenses decreased over 110 basis points year-on-year. Sequentially, operating expenses decreased by $3.5 million due to restructuring initiatives and controls on discretionary spending, partially offset by an increase in employee benefits.  Non-GAAP operating income was $273 million, an increase of 8% over prior year. Third quarter operating margin was 29.4%, representing an increase of 40 basis points year-over-year. The increase in operating margin over the prior year was a result of our continued focus on realizing operational efficiencies throughout the company. In terms of non-GAAP other income line items, we had $1 million of interest income, a loss of $3 million from currency and other items and interest expense of $31 million. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 27.1%. As you may recall, our tax rate in the third quarter of 2010 was lower than normal due to significant onetime benefits from the reorganization and integration of acquired entities. Our sequential tax rate decreased by 80 basis points primarily due to domestic manufacturing incentives and onetime adjustments related to settlements of prior-period tax audits.  Our diluted share count for the quarter was 186.8 million shares, a decrease of 3.3 million shares over prior year. Dilution from our employee equity plan was more than offset by our ongoing share repurchase program. In the last 90 days, we've repurchased approximately 2.6 million shares for $100 million, 1.9 million of which occurred in the third quarter. This repurchase will offset nearly all of the dilution from the Ion Torrent milestone payment scheduled for early 2012. The 3 million shares associated with that payment were added to our weighted shares in the third quarter, when the technical milestones were achieved. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.52, which includes $0.32 per share of acquisition-related amortization expense, $0.02 per share of noncash interest expense and $0.08 per share of business integration and other charges. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes these items, diluted earnings per share was $0.94. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow statements, our ending cash and short-term investments were $636 million. This compares to last quarter's balance of $565 million. Cash from operating activities was $174 million. Capital expenditures were $32 million. Free cash flow was $142 million. Return on invested capital was 8.6%, and we remain on track to achieve our goal of 10% return on invested capital by 2012. Our ending debt as of September 30 was approximately $2.7 billion. This balance is made up of our convertible debt of $450 million and senior notes of $2.3 billion.  Moving on to our expectations for the full year, we are reaffirming our full year guidance at this time. We expect full year revenue growth of 2% to 4%, excluding the impact of currency, and full year non-GAAP EPS of $3.70 to $3.80. We expect to exit the year at the lower end of this range. A few more specifics are as follows: At September month-end exchange rates, currency is expected to have little or no impact on our financials in the fourth quarter. Full year interest expense, net of interest income, is expected to be $128 million. Other income and expense, which includes foreign exchange gains and losses, is expected to total $10 million in expense. The full year tax rate is expected to be approximately 27.5%. Average diluted share count for the year is expected to be in the range of 185 million to 187 million shares. Full year free cash flow is still forecast to be in the range of $625 million to $650 million for 2011, including $100 million of onetime restructuring costs. And one final note on future expectations, we are currently in our budgeting process for 2012, and we'll be issuing our 2012 guidance early next year as we typically do.  And with that, I'll hand the call back over to Agnes.
Agnes Lee: Thanks, David. We will now turn to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we are now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from the line of Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird.
Quintin J. Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So Greg, I appreciate -- thanks for giving the kind of extra color on the end markets. Looking for just some more thoughts here, as you're talking about academic markets looking stable from here, have you seen a change in their behavior? Are the customers buying smaller lots, bigger lots, consumables, instruments? I'm just kind of curious on what you're seeing now.
Gregory T. Lucier: Quintin, as we said at the end of our second quarter earnings call, we probably were the first to see the slowdown in academic, just given the large footprint we have in that space and around the world. And I think you're now starting to see the same words coming from our peers in the industry. So we had about a 90-day head start on taking actions internally to this external environment, and we feel we're in a pretty good spot now. In terms of their buying behavior, I think it stabilized, as we said in our script, from when we first indicated this at the end of the second quarter. It's not gotten worse. It's not gotten better. It's a new level of frugality and conservation in terms of the money that they have. And so that's kind of what we're conveying back to our investors today.
Quintin J. Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then kind of as a follow-up to that, the restructuring that you're doing now, are you looking at living in this environment, and to that extent, how does that restructuring impact, let's say, like, R&D for new products?
Gregory T. Lucier: So as we had said back at the second quarter earnings call, we would undertake a restructuring starting at that point. We have executed on that, and sequentially, our operating costs have gone down about $3.5 million, but on a full year basis, much larger than that. So that disruption is behind us now, and we're moving forward. The savings are really coming from being more efficient administratively, fine-tuning the R&D programs and then also in terms of manufacturing efficiencies. So in terms of R&D, to your question, look, I think we will still spend somewhere between 8% and 10%, which is a good, robust investment in innovation. And we feel that that money is deployed in a very high-return way, and so I think we're actually comfortable with where we're now positioning R&D going into 2012.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jon Groberg with Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Just 2 questions, one a macro one and then more of a micro one. Greg, I guess by almost any metric you want to look at, obviously, the stock price of Life is reflecting a value that is probably not as good as it should be relative to what's going on in the business. I mean, you have peers of yours who aren't even growing revenues that traded 2x or more your valuation. So I guess how are you thinking about where the stock is and what it is that you need to do in order to get that value reflected more fairly?
Gregory T. Lucier: You know, Jon, each and every day, we wake up and we manage the company. We don't manage the stock. We feel great about where we are positioned right now. We feel that we have a really good handle on the macroeconomic environment. And I think you can see that now reflected in our operating in margins. They're some of the highest in the industry, and as I've indicated, it could go a little higher from here. So it's a very efficient machine. It's a machine that can see the end markets clearer, probably, in some cases, sooner than others. And we actually feel that we're highly competitive now entering into 2012.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: If I could just -- and maybe as a follow-up, if we're in an environment where a couple of years, as you alluded to, funding is just tough, would you be more inclined to -- and your stock just doesn't reflect very good valuation because of that funding environment, would you be more inclined just to wait through that, or would you be more inclined to try and take a more proactive step to do something?
Gregory T. Lucier: Well, I'm not sure what do something means. If do something means create shareholder value, then we're all for that. And that has to take a number of measures from driving return on invested capital higher to driving our organic growth higher, if we can, in this environment and just being smarter than everybody else. And that's what we'll be measured on.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: I guess, I meant more like being more aggressive on a significant buyback or looking to do something a little bit more extreme in that sense. That was the basis of the question.
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes. And look, we have continued to return capital to shareholders, $100 million again this quarter. And we're prudent, I think, in our deployment of capital, and I think you'll see us continue to be consistent with what we've been doing over the last couple of years.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Okay, that's fair. And then a quick follow-up, if I could. On Ion Torrent, you're obviously getting a pretty big installed base, it looks like, at this point. Just curious if you can now start to give any kind of insight from an annual consumables standpoint, utilization standpoint, if you're seeing any trends that are worth sharing at this point.
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes, good question. Let me have Mark weigh in on the consumables consumption of the Ion Torrent and what we're seeing there.
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes, Jon. So as we've scaled the technology and really delivered on the Ion roadmap here, particularly with the introduction of the 316, we're now seeing good uptake on the reagent usage, and also, now we should see OneTouch. So we're getting about $50,000 per instrument, and we expect that to go higher as we go into Q4, start shipping the 318 chips yet and get close to 60K, 70K rate that we expected as we entered with this technology.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho W Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Wanted to start off with a question on China. That was somewhat of a problematic area for you in the second quarter, and obviously, you've made some nice progress there. Can you just walk through, Greg, if you worked through all the headwinds that you commented on last quarter on the dealer networks? And then as we think about the opportunity for the 3500 in China, how are you thinking about that ultimately rolling out?
Gregory T. Lucier: Sure, Tycho. As we said again at the second quarter earnings call, we saw China returning to its historical growth rates in the third quarter and beyond, that we had accelerated some changes at that time, and we knew they were the right changes, but we moved pretty fast. So we're very pleased to show here in the third quarter that, in fact, China did come back to near its historical growth rate at 16%. And we really believe that the changes we've made here can be built on going forward. Now having said all that, there's more work to go. We believe that China can grow faster than that, and so our goal is to, obviously, deliver on that over the next couple of quarters. In terms of the CE instrument being approved, I think that's very, very important milestone. That's an important product that a lot of content will be developed around in China. And we're putting in place some important partnerships that we'll be announcing that will make that, I think, a real stalwart and an important part of virtually every diagnostic lab in that country. So stay tuned for more announcements.
Tycho W Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then as we think about the genetic analysis business overall, you obviously had some nice traction with the forensics business this quarter. Can you talk about how sustainable those trends are and then any color on just the underlying CE trends? You obviously talked about the 5500 being a little bit soft, so if you could just talk about that.
Gregory T. Lucier: Sure. So the forensics business for us is one of our great franchises. In this quarter, we had the Russian tender, but through the course of the year, we always have a number of tenders like the Russian one, whether it's in South Africa or Brazil. These countries are standardizing on our instrumentation and our consumables and entering that data into their databases. It is a very sticky business. It's also a lumpy business. But it's one where we continue to establish our self as the real standard in crime-fighting using DNA around the world. So good business and lots of technology innovation to come in that area. As you suggest, it's also an important area of growth for our CE instrumentation. As we've said, CE is certainly a mature product, but it's one with some very interesting growth attributes left. We see in research, it's becoming an important tool for confirmatory testing off of next-generation sequencing. And whether it's in forensics or, increasingly now, molecular diagnostics, in validated settings, it's a product that's just at the very beginning, actually, of its life cycle. So because of its high accuracy and because it has found its way into these very important applied businesses, it's a business that, I think, people, perhaps in the investment community, wrote off too soon a long time ago, and I think we've been able to demonstrate it's a business that has real staying power.
Tycho W Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then just last one on -- Im sticking with technology. It seemed like coming out of last quarter, there was some view that QPCR was going to be somewhat difficult in the near term, more on the instruments side, and needed to fill out more focus on assays. Obviously, you've introduced the QuantStudio at ASHG. Do you have a renewed sense of enthusiasm on the outlook for PCR for realtime?
Gregory T. Lucier: I'm just going to say a few words and hand it to Mark. Mark has personally been engaged in really, I think, revitalizing that business over the last 100 days in terms of how we want to reposition it, coming into this QuantStudio, which is a very important product launch. And Mark, maybe you can talk about the QuantStudio and assays and how we see QPCR going forward.
Mark P. Stevenson: So I mean, the QuantStudio builds on acquisition a couple of years ago now of the open array and really integrates to allow people to do a high range of complexity of experiments all the way from research into this validation. It also now gives us a nice portfolio at the top end there in the mid-range with our Viia 7, the entry level with our step 1 [ph] and step 1 plus [ph]. So we're well positioned to cross the range of the end systems. And also, our investment on assays, new assay format has allowed us to continue to grow that business and really use our sales channel and power and now our new website to ensure we get the attachment necessary after we sell those initial instruments. So it's working out very well, that strategy.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Amit Bhalla with Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Greg, I appreciate that you're still in your 2012 budgeting process, but if I recall last quarter, you did talk about mid-single-digit revenue and double-digit EPS growth for 2012. So I'm wondering, does that still hold, or should we table those expectations as well?
Gregory T. Lucier: At this point, we're in the process of putting the plan together, and I think it's premature to comment on what it's going to be in 2012.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, so that's a yes. I'll take it. Can you then also go into the Cell Systems business? Obviously, Bioproduction was a highlight, but could you comment also on some of the other product categories within that group?
Gregory T. Lucier: Mark?
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes, within that product group, we have a diverse set of brands and portfolios. Really, it's all a good run rate consumable business, some of our brands like Molecular Probes have continued to be well adopted there. This is really what we had delivered to our channel and that new website. So it's really a nice diverse portfolio, and I think a lot of what we'll find just scientifically, some of the researchers as they discover genetically what's going on, they want to validate those, and they're using some of the cellular techniques to understand that. So again, the breadth of our portfolio plays well in the research lab as we work downstream just to the genetic analysis.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And just a quick one on pricing. I know that was something that was a positive for you. Any way you can quantify the pricing impact in the quarter?
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes, weve continued to get realized price in the 1% to 2% range as we have in previous quarters.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bill Bonello with RBC Capital Markets.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a point of clarification. Did you say that you now expect the 2011's EPS to be at the low end of the range of guidance, or did I hear that wrong?
Gregory T. Lucier: No, we said that we expected that both revenue and EPS that wed be at the low end of the range.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: At the low end? Okay.
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And so -- I guess I'm just trying to -- just to understand that a bit, I get that you'll lose $0.06 of currency benefit that you had been expecting in Q4, but on the flip side, Q3 was about a $0.05 higher than the high end of your guidance range. So, what else in Q4 might be looking a bit weaker than you'd previously expected?
Gregory T. Lucier: Nothing. It's those things.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So had you always kind of expected to be at the low end of the range?
Gregory T. Lucier: No, we're expecting -- we gave the range, we expect to be within that range.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jon Wood with Jefferies.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a question on mix. So, I think you guys gave some of the puts and takes the last quarter, but just to make sure, the mix was a negative year-over-year in the third quarter? What do you expect for the mix for the gross margin side in the fourth quarter?
Gregory T. Lucier: We expect -- typically in the fourth quarter, our margin is down somewhat. And we would expect that it would also be impacted this year by our increase in consumables sales. So as the PGM continues to -- on its current pace, that will have a negative impact on the margin.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, so definitely negative year-over-year in the fourth. And then the last one on capital re-allocation, so you bought back some stock, I guess, to offset the Ion Torrent dilution. So is it a reasonable assumption that it's unlikely will see anymore on the buyback side until the bond payment, kind of, the cash portion of Ion Torrent how happens in 1Q '12?
Gregory T. Lucier: Could you state your -- that final question again?
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes. I was just saying, is it likely we will see buyback ahead of, I know you got a bond payment in the first quarter, assuming you take it out, and then you've got an Ion Torrent -- the cash portion of the Ion Torrent in the first quarter of '12. So I'm just asking, will you deploy capital in front of those 2 events? Or is it -- or should we wait until after, to see incremental buyback?
Gregory T. Lucier: I think we have to wait and see how things unfold. I mean, we purchased 100 million in the quarter, but that will essentially offset the milestones -- the amount of stock that would be a milestone payment. So, we'll see how the year unfolds and make a decision then.
Amanda Clardy: And Jon this is Amanda. Just to clarify one thing from your previous question when David answered the question on gross margin, we were referring sequential, and then you summarized that "Okay, that's definitely going to be down year-on-year", that's not what we were talking about, we're talking sequentially.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Oh, it's sequentially -- Amanda, so sequentially, there is incremental headwind in the fourth quarter?
Amanda Clardy: Yes, as Ion Torrent ramps up, as well as some of our other instrumentation. But we did not specifically say it was going to be down year-on-year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: So, I want to talk about the molecular biology systems. So when I start looking back over the last few quarters, yes, you go back to the start of Q1, 2010 where you had 10% organic revenue growth then it went to [indiscernible], then it was flat, then negative 1% in Q4 2010, then it's been negative 3%, negative 2% and then flat. So if you're telling me you're getting 1% to 2% price realization from most this year, that essentially means that for this year, you've had essentially no volume growth in the molecular biology business. Now, when I go back and I think about the old Invitrogen business even during tough academic funding situations, there was always some sort of volume growth in the business and the MBS business is a majority of those products. What's going on with the business, and when do we expect to see -- when can we expect to see growth again? Or does this business basically kind of tread water?
Gregory T. Lucier: Well, I think you're actually starting to see a rebound in the business, first of all, per the quarterly growth statistics you quoted Derik, so that's the first point. I think the second point is, that the 1% to 2% price is an aggregate across the portfolio, and so it happens higher than that in other parts of the portfolio than perhaps in the area we're focusing on right now. And then lastly, I would simply say that the primary area we're now focused on to bring that overall growth rate of Molecular Biology higher is in the overall QPCR franchise. And that was a bit of the question that Mark answered before. So, I think that's where we're focused. That's the work we're doing, and we hope to have that business I think coming back to reasonable organic growth rate in the next couple of quarters here.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Well, I'm also wondering, has there been a change in the -- I hate to keep harping on this, but has there been a change in the competitive environment, have things got tougher in that market? I'm just, as I said, it just -- the trends are just kind of disturbing to me?
Gregory T. Lucier: I don't think there's been anything dramatically changing there. I think it just requires more focus on our part. I think these are things that we believe we can control better and execute better upon. And so it goes back to some of these earlier questions of, can we do things that overall drive our competitiveness and results, and the answer is yes. And I think you're now picking at an area where we have an opportunity for improvement.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Let me start with a question that I think is a little bit related to Derik's questions. In the past, even going back to the old Invitrogen stand-alone days, when there were macroeconomic headwinds or there were concerns about the funding environment, volumes for consumables tended to hold up a little bit better than instruments, largely just because of the price point, and as we all know, in a period of concern, you can pull back on spending on capital, but to some extent you still got to spend on the consumables if you're going to keep your projects moving. The way you report today, I think it's hard to see if that's happening or not. Could you maybe just speak to anything you may be seeing in terms of whether or not that same resilience is there on the consumable side and keeping these dynamics in mind, how instruments are holding up as well?
Gregory T. Lucier: Sure. Why dont Mark and I take a crack at this. But first, overall, the portfolio continues to be -- obviously very heavily weighted towards consumables, and the trends that you described in terms of consumables being more essential in terms of the need to reorder is certainly still in place. And that's why we think Life Technologies is a very resilient company through tougher economic times. I think the other point that I just really should come back to, on Derik's question since you bridged to it, is the fact that inside that Molecular Biology portfolio is a very large patent of state where we get royalties. And we've been very transparent and that -- some of those royalties are going down over the course of time. Now, that creates headwind this year. We're offsetting it to some extent. But that's still a headwind that we've had to work through and it's -- one of the largest drops we've had to deal with is in 2011. So that's also just a little bit of what's going on that I think should color your discussion, and when you look at those results from Molecular Biology. Mark, do you want to add anything else about consumables versus instruments.
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes. I would just add that the general thesis that you point too is still very much one that we're executing again, that the everyday needs whether there on these consumables and we have very strong brands behind these, using the Invitrogen brand, you go to our new website, you'll see all the 8 key brands listed across our website, it's very much what we're doing, and then at a more granular level, we know as people are challenged in their budgets making sure we have consumables at the right price points and the right package sizes, invest in our distribution so we get in there quickly to our customers so that's focus on that core business, it's very stable for us, carries on in that consumer ware and then you got these other headwinds against that. So, that's what you're seeing within that portfolio, and I think we'll, over time, overcome these slight quarter-to-quarter variances you may see.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And David if I could just ask you a couple cleaning up questions. If FA -- if we just look at foreign exchange rates where they are today and I apologize if I missed this, what would be the benefit on the bottom line for next year? And what's the right way to think about the annual benefit associated with the recent restructuring?
David F. Hoffmeister: Okay, on the exchange rates, what we said before, I mean, that the biggest impact would be on our hedges, that were a headwind for us this year. At the current exchange rate, they would add about $0.25.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, so that hasn't changed a lot?
David F. Hoffmeister: No, that's the same as previously. I did say in my script that in terms of next quarter, we expect that current exchange rates -- that currency will have little or no impact on results.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And then in terms of the restructuring for next year, I think it was $3.5 million benefit in Q3, but what's the right way to think about that on an annualized basis as we're looking towards 2012?
David F. Hoffmeister: Yes, it was really in the quarter, it's $3.5 million in operating expenses, then we got about another $1.5 million that's in cost of goods, manufacturing overhead takeout. So about $5 million for the quarter. And what we're saying is, for the second half of the year, we expect it to have an impact of $10 million to $20 million. Yes, you can extrapolate from that to next year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dan Arias with UBS.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: David, just a question on one of the out-year financial goals that you've targeted previously. Given the puts and the takes on the P&L and the balance sheet right now, do you still feel like a 10% ROIC by next year is a likely scenario?
David F. Hoffmeister: Yes.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, thank you. And then Mark, I guess one on Ion Torrent. Can you comment on the preferences for PGM consumables? Are you finding that customers are more gravitating towards the 318 chip right now for throughput? Or are they more interested in say the 14 or -- 314 for cost effectiveness as they do their initial runs here?
Mark P. Stevenson: Well, we're seeing really different applications in different price points. So the 314 which we've now priced at $99, it allows people to do small amplicons and small bacterial genomes, very efficiently, very cost effectively. And really the volume at the moment is still in the 316 chip, which is what's been available in this third quarter, we're just in early access with the 318 and as people start to look at that, with getting to one gigabyte or more, then you'll start to see different applications. So we expect it to continue to be different price points, different applications right on the PGM as people choose different applications for it.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. I know it is probably a little bit early, but any comments on the reception by customers to the solid improvements in the Wildfire technology?
Mark P. Stevenson: Well, we expect that the customers existing users as they get their 5500 up and running, will be very pleased with some of the improvements we've been making overall actually, on the 5500. And so we had good reception from some of the users as we get this improvements out and plan to roll them out in various releases to the customer base.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Ferreiro with Oppenheimer.
David Ferreiro - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: All my questions have been answered.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank.
Vijay Kumar - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Vijay in for Ross. Couple of quick housekeeping questions. Could you quantify the impact of the Russian order in the Q, and well as, what was the benefit from M&A?
Gregory T. Lucier: So the impact of the Russian order was about $9 million in sales at standard margins.
Vijay Kumar - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And M&A?
Gregory T. Lucier: And the M&A, it was -- the only M&A that we had it would have been Ion Torrent, and it's $20 million in sales associated with Ion in the quarter.
Vijay Kumar - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sure. And maybe one, big, big picture question. And I'm just trying to dig through Ion Torrent and given the [indiscernible] commentary on the industry excess capacity, sort of how are we supposed to think about ramp up of Ion Torrent, is it sort of in the key sense lapse depending on common funding or are people sort of making bets based on excess capacity? And how are we to think about Ion Torrent's?
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes, this is Mark. And the way you should really think about it -- there's a high end genome center market, which we're seeing less demand in that high-end capacity whether there is already a lot of capacity. Where you should look for the Ion Torrent and PGM is really this new market of desktop sequencing where researchers for $50,000 can really get going with a next-generation sequencing market, get a very fast turnaround, get a sequence run in 2 hours. And that's the market that we are seeing great adoption, and really is the market that were penetrated today with a QPCR and CE, and that's thousands, and tens of thousands of units around the world. So that's the market we see for this product in the next couple of years.
Vijay Kumar - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sure. Maybe if I could just sneak in one last question. Could you sort of give some color on what royalty roll-off would be next year?
Gregory T. Lucier: The royalty roll-off, is that what you've said?
Vijay Kumar - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes.
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes. We've indicated earlier that the royalty roll-off will be in the range of around $30 million.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho W Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just one for Mark. Has any of the developments in particular Wildfire portable over to the PGM? And can you also comment on how the grand challenges are being received, I mean, are you actually getting active suggestions from users about improving instrument?
Mark P. Stevenson: Well, yes. Certainly on the first one, a lot of the improvements that we see as we've really simplified the upfront sample prep, are getting a lot of synergy now. Not only do you see Wildfire, and you see what we've done with the OneTouch. If you also look what we've done with the AmpliSeq technology that uses our QPCR expertise to really make the sample prep really straightforward, so we can get a one-day targeted sequencing protocol. So the progress we've made, and sort of comment to the second part of your question with this quarterly releases, every quarter we release new milestones on the competition guidelines. So we have set a really high bar for people just in the progress that we've in delivering on this milestone. We do have tremendous interest. We have more than 1,000 people registered in the competition, and so we're really looking forward to paying that out and having even greater improvement and that's what the competition is all about. Obviously, we'll continue to raise the bar each quarter with what our internal team is doing.
Tycho W Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then you talked at ASHG about submitting PGM for a 510(k) approval next year. Just -- can you just talk about how you're seeing that fitting into the diagnostic landscape, relative to CE and some of the other technologies?
Mark P. Stevenson: Well, we see that the PGM roadmap would be -- we submit during next year and we would expect to get first clearance in Europe with CE-IVD and then in 2013, a 510(k). We see it fitting where customers really want a fast turnaround time in some of these experiments where they have a set of genes that they'd want to do in one go and those are the applications that we'll look to develop on a diagnostic application. Where we see CE, maybe there's 1 or 2 genes that they want to do or you have long reads like we've submitted the CE -- the 510(k) that is currently under review with the FDA is in transplant diagnostics, where CE is well-established as a gold standard in that HLA testing.
Tycho W Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And just one last quick one. We're seeing a lot of emphasis on informatics by users and the industry in general, can you just talk to your efforts there and offsetting both the data storage and then the analysis burden?
Mark P. Stevenson: Well, one of the key things we've done with Ion Torrent is, make available the standard file formats, and we have a growing user community, developing tools and applications on this standard format with Ion Torrent. And so, that's really helping to address some of the user-community needs. In addition, we're highly focused on the internal algorithms, compressing data, as well as we're developing a software package to allow particularly the cancer research as we do this end-to-end workflow to go all the way from taking a block out of a cancer sample and an FFPE sample, all the way through to analyzing that data in a genome panel set. So that's some of the development that we're doing and presented at HSG.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First off, on the Ion Torrent earnout, just wondering if there's anything remaining there? And if so, how would that be broken out between cash and stock?
Gregory T. Lucier: Dave?
David F. Hoffmeister: At this point, the milestones have been met and the payment is 60% cash, 40% stock. And the repurchase that we did essentially offsets the stock portion of the earnout -- final outcome payment.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's great. And then secondly, on Cell Systems, you obviously -- strong report there, at least versus my numbers, and I'm wondering if there are any unusual items beyond what you mentioned in the press release, you mentioned an improvement in Asia. Is there anything specific there that maybe tied to the improvements you're making China or was it really, more of just, sort of regional strength for that business?
Gregory T. Lucier: I think there was just overall good performance by that set of products.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And its not something that -- I know it can be a lumpy business. How should we think about that business pacing throughout the next few quarters. Anything ahead that would sort of imply a pivot in the trend line we're seeing here?
Gregory T. Lucier: Well, other than BioProduction, as we've always said is a bit of a lumpy business, which would then impact that overall growth rate quarter-to-quarter, but any other factor beyond that, we're not aware of.
David F. Hoffmeister: Long term, we've always said, Isaac, that is a growth rate that's in the high-single digit range over a 2-year period. We've been through a period now where we had just exceptional growth, we're not expecting it to continue forever, but we don't see any dramatic change in the quarter or 2.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Nandita Koshal with Barclays Capital.
Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess, I'll start with a few Ion Torrent questions. Mark, if you could talk about the proportion of Ion Torrent systems that have been placed, now that you have a fairly large installed base, the proportion that are in current or pre-existing life sequencing customers versus new customers for Life?
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes, we have not broken out those proportions, but I can tell you it's very widely distributed, and really I think, you got to look -- nearly all customers will probably have Life a product already since we have such a broad portfolio. There are many that are new to next-generation sequencing, because before, they just couldn't afford the kind of capital involved in a large purchases of a next-generation or the complexity. So there are definitely new customers in that set.
Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I see. And maybe its -- more qualitatively comment on the split between research labs and maybe diagnostics uptick there, and if there's any change in the distribution strategy for Ion Torrent versus the old sequencing systems?
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes. Today, the majority is still being used in research labs and in some of the work that is being done in labs that are intended to, later validate into diagnostic use. But the majority today is a research, but clearly the trend as we look out, and the reason we've laid out a pathway to work with the FDA and other regulatory authorities is to take this into the clinical setting as we think the rapid turnaround time of this technology, particularly as you look at trying to turnaround in a day, will be ideal for a clinical setting.
Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. And then I think from a growth margin perspective, a couple of questions on sequencing business as well. One, in terms of Ion consumables, I'm assuming those are fairly high gross margins, where is the installed base in terms of ramping up to that 60,000 to 70,000 run rate that you talked about? And then are there any 5500 upgrades still in the pipeline?
Mark P. Stevenson: So on the first part, I mean the user base is just ramping up. Now as I mentioned, we are at about $50,000 for the install base for this third quarter. So we're just beginning to ramp and users getting used to their systems and getting running on their systems. So we're at the beginning of that phase. With regard to 5500 we've almost cleared the backlog of upgrades. We will have that complete during this quarter. And then we'd expect the consumable usage to come up as those customers get up and running on their new systems.
Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And maybe David sort of a segue on the gross margins there. I guess you said PCR instruments and some of the instrumentation heavy nature of Q4 should be up, bit of a source of pressure plus Ion Torrent. Is there anything else that is a major dynamic we should think about sequentially on the gross margin? And then just long term, could you talk about a target run rate of cost savings from the restructuring program?
David F. Hoffmeister: No. Other than what you said, in terms of the increased instruments sales in the fourth quarter, that's the primary driver, and the primary driver of that is Ion Torrent. So that's the sequential -- again difference in terms of the potentially lower gross margin in the fourth quarter. And then as I mentioned earlier in the call, the impact of the restructuring actions that we're taking this year on next year, a good estimate at this point in time is we've said that we are targeting $10 million to $20 million in the cost to take out in the second half of this year, and so you could take whatever we end up with this year and apply it to next.
Agnes Lee: Vivian, we have time for one more question.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Sam Leenert with Leerink Swann.
Unknown Analyst - : I'll squeeze 2 into my one. Can you remind us what the tech milestones were for Ion Torrent, where those milestones sited as the 318 chip or something beyond? And then follow-up regarding the molecular, or the companion diagnostics agreement you announced today, can you help us understand your thinking on the build versus buy decision in molecular diagnostics? Do you have all the internal capabilities to build a companion diagnostics standalone business internally?
Gregory T. Lucier: So on the first one, we have not disclosed the elements of that milestone. And so, we'll stay consistent with the policy. On the second one, in terms of companion diagnostics, we think we actually have probably the best toolkit of any company that is talking to pharmaceuticals -- entities, because it ranges from QPCR platforms that are the most prevalent in the world to the CE platform, also incredibly prevalent, now Ion Torrent. And obviously, an incredible background of 1,500 scientist. And so I think we present ourselves with high degree of credibility and an installed base that really helps them wanting to get these companion diagnostics distributed when their drug gets approved. So, as I've said in the script, this is -- it's not the first, but it's one we wanted to announce and there will be more announcements though in the future.
Agnes Lee: This concludes our Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. If there are any additional questions, please feel free to contact me. The website will be available via replay on our website for 3 weeks. Thank you again for joining us this afternoon.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: David Hoffmeister - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Eileen Pattinson - Senior Director of Investor Relations Mark Stevenson - President and Chief Operating Officer Gregory Lucier - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 Life Technologies Corporation Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Eileen Pattinson, Head of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Eileen Pattinson: Thank you, Shanon, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Life Technologies Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today are Greg Lucier, our Chairman and CEO; and David Hoffmeister, Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Mark Stevenson, our Chief Operating Officer, will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you haven't received a copy of today's press release, you may obtain one from our website at lifetechnologies.com. I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. It is our intent that these forward-looking statements be protected under the Safe Harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in today's press release or on our website. I will now hand the call over to Greg Lucier.
Gregory Lucier: Thanks, Eileen, and thank you all for joining us. I hope you've had a chance to review the press release that we issued earlier this morning. I'll begin by reviewing our results for the quarter at a high level, and provide our outlook for the remainder of the year. Then, I will turn the call over to David to walk you through our financial results in greater detail. To briefly review the highlights, total non-GAAP revenue grew 4% for the quarter to $945 million and grew 3% excluding currency. Non-GAAP earnings per share declined 2% for the quarter to $0.89 and grew 2% excluding the impact of the currency. Our organic revenue growth was lighter than anticipated during the second quarter due to 3 main factors. I'd like to spend a moment on each factor. But before I do, I want to emphasize that we fully understand the issues, have detailed actions underway to address them, and remain confident in our strategic and financial position as well as the direction of the company. The first factor that impacted our growth is macroeconomic-based. Consistent with what others in the life sciences tool space have seen, we continue to experience lower demand from academic- and government-funded researchers in the U.S. and Europe. If you recall, we also experienced this last quarter, particularly in the U.S. which we attribute into the uncertainty around funding caused by the delay in passing the federal budget. Our expectations at the time were that once the 2011 NIH budget passed in mid-April, sales growth would return to normalized levels. While we did see some improvement in demand at the larger, better-funded accounts, the return to previous rate of growth in the U.S. did not fully materialize as we had expected. In Europe, budget pressures continue to impact demand, particularly in the United Kingdom and southern regions, which also lowered our growth in the quarter. As a result of the continued weakness in the funding environment in both the U.S. and Europe, we experienced softer sales in many areas of our business in the second quarter, including instrumentation and basic molecular and cell biology reagents. In total, we estimate that reduced funding in the U.S. and Europe negatively impacted the growth rate of the company by approximately 1.5 points on a year-over-year basis and also relative to our original expectations. The second factor that impacted our growth has to do with the lingering effects of the earthquake in Japan, which delayed shipments of the 5500 high-throughput sequencer. Our partner, Hitachi Japan, returned to full production in June. Despite shipping over 170, 5500 units, they were unable to complete all of the shipments that were planned for the second quarter. As a result, several million dollars of revenue will now shift to the third quarter as we continue to clear that backlog. On the consumables side, because of the delay in shipping instruments, next-generation consumables were down year-over-year as customers transitioned to the new 5500 platform and begin to ramp up the utilization of that platform. We estimate that the decline in consumable sale has negatively impacted the growth rate of the company by approximately 0.5 point. The final factor that impacted our organic revenue growth in the second quarter was related to our business in China. As you know, our China business has been growing rapidly over the last several years. During this time, we have been heavily dependent on the local dealer network to market and sell our products. In order to strengthen customer relationships, we took actions to optimize the existing dealer network and supplement it with our own direct sales force. As such, we have been hiring new sales representatives, order entry, technical support personnel to support the strategy, as well as bringing online much larger warehouse facilities across the country in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou to better ensure product availability and faster delivery to our customers. During the second quarter, we also placed a seasoned country leader in China who will manage the implementation of our growth strategy going forward. All of these actions better position us to build a sustainable, competitive advantage and better serve our customers over the long term, but it would not been without some short-term disruptions. In the quarter, we experienced reduced demand from parts of our dealer network, as those dealers that will play a less prominent role in the future began to destock inventories of Life Technologies' products. The results were the temporary slowdown in growth, which negatively impacted the company's total growth rate by approximately 2 points. In hindsight, we could have managed the transition better and notified the dealers over the course of the year, versus the rapid change we chose. However, we're here now, and the good news is that the impact will be short-lived and we expect the sales growth in China will return to historic levels over the next couple of quarters. And we will have created a very valuable scientific sales force. So when we look at Q2 as a whole, it's clear that we face some unexpected challenges impacting the top line. But we understand the issues and some of which we can control, like China, and some of which we can't, like government funding, but we're taking action to best position the business for the future against all of them. As we turn our attention to the second half of the year, I'll take some time to walk you through our plans and expectations. We expect the second half constant currency revenue growth will be between 3% and 5%. The acceleration growth from the second quarter will result from China coming back online with growth in the low- to mid-teens, as well as continued growth in the Ion Torrent franchise. As you may have read in our recent press release, we achieved significant progress with the Ion Torrent technology over the last 6 months and expect that future growth will be fueled by new product introductions and expanded applications as the read length and throughput continue to increase off those semiconductor chips. When looking at the macroeconomic environment, we do not expect the funding situation to worsen, but we're taking a conservative approach in planning for continued soft demand for both the U.S. and Europe government-funded research, at least through the end of the year. To mitigate the impact on our bottom line, we've taken a hard look at our organization and identified opportunities to increase profitability, by further optimizing our cost structure and boosting efficiency. We are accelerating a number of cost savings that were originally planned to begin later this year and next. These actions will take costs out of the second half of the year and create a leaner organization as we enter 2012. While the first half of 2011 was challenging, we have a strong plan in place for the second half of the year. Our long-term strategies are intact, and I remain confident in our prospects for the future. We continue to lead the industry in innovative product offerings and see ample opportunity to accelerate rate revenue growth through solid execution in emerging and applied markets and delivering on the promise of next-generation sequencing, particularly Ion semiconductor sequencing. As we look ahead to 2012, we remain confident that we can deliver mid-single-digit revenue growth with the cost-saving initiatives I described earlier and the resulting margin expansion, we continue to expect double-digit earnings growth into 2012. Before I turn the call over to David, I am pleased to also announce that the Board of Directors has approved an additional $200 million share repurchase authorization. We have approximately $300 million remaining on our previous authorization, so the addition of the $200 million will increase our total purchase authorization to $500 million. In general, the timing and amount of the purchases will depend on quarterly fluctuations in cash associated with operating cash flow, capital expenditures and further debt repayment. With that, I'll hand it over to David to walk you through the details of the quarter and our outlook for the remainder of the year. David?
David Hoffmeister: Thanks, Greg. Taking a closer look at divisional results for the quarter. The Cell Systems division non-GAAP revenue was $243 million, an increase of 5% over the same period last year. Excluding the impact from currency, organic revenue grew 4% year-over-year. Mid-teens growth in the Bioproduction business was tempered by slower growth in other product areas, which were negatively impacted by continued funding pressures in the U.S. and Europe and the temporary slowdown in China. Molecular Biology Systems division non-GAAP revenue was $432 million, a decline of 1% over prior year. Excluding the impact from currency, organic revenue for the division declined 2%. Strong sales of qPCR consumables and molecular testing kits for applied markets were offset by slower growth in government-funded accounts in the U.S. and Europe, as well as the temporary slowdown in China. Genetic Systems division non-GAAP revenue was $265 million in the second quarter, an increase of 12% over the same period last year. Excluding the impact from currency, revenue increased 11%. Strong sales of the Ion Torrent PGM and the 5500 Series genetic sequencer were partially offset by reduced demand for CE instruments, the result of slower growth in U.S. and EU government-funded accounts, as well as reduced demand for next-generation sequencing consumables. Demand for next-generation consumables is expected to pick up over the next few quarters, as more 5500 units come online and utilization ramps up. Ion Torrent sales totaled approximately $13 million, up 50% from the first quarter. We're very pleased with these results given the price point of $50,000 per unit and the limited consumables sales we've had so far. Regional constant currency revenue growth rates for the quarter compared to the same quarter of the prior year were as follows: The Americas grew 3%; Europe, 2%; Asia Pacific, 3%; and Japan grew 8%. Moving on to other items, second quarter non-GAAP gross margin was 64.2%, 350 basis points lower than prior year. Higher price realization was offset by the negative impact of currency and mix. Price realization in the quarter was between 1% and 2%, similar to prior years. Mix was lower due to higher sales of both 5500 sequencer upgrades and the Ion Torrent PGM instrument. The decline in gross margin was greater than our guidance, due to the deliberate prioritization of upgrades over full-priced units during the quarter, resulting in higher sales of the lower-priced upgrades than we'd originally planned. Of the 350-basis point year-over-year decline in gross margin, approximately 300 basis points of the decline are due to items that are temporary in nature. The bulk of the decline, approximately 160 basis points, is due to the impact of the 5500 upgrades, which we expect to be complete in the next 2 quarters. Approximately 100 basis points is due to currency, including the impact of our revenue hedging program, which ends on July 31. And 30 basis points is due to sales of the PGM instruments. Margins on the PGM are expected to improve as the product ramps up over the next several quarters. On a sequential basis, gross margin decreased by 210 basis points, primarily due to higher sales of the 5500 sequencer upgrades, and the PGM, partially offset by increased productivity. Second quarter non-GAAP operating expenses were $344 million, an increase of 1% over prior year levels, and an increase of less than 1% on a sequential basis. Operating expenses as a percent of revenue declined 120 basis points year-over-year and 170 basis points on a sequential basis. The decrease in operating expenses was the result of careful hiring and control of other spending. Non-GAAP operating income was $265 million, a decrease of 3% over prior year. Second quarter operating margin was 27.8%, representing a decrease of 230 basis points year-over-year. The decline in operating margin resulted from lower gross margins, partially offset by lower operating expenses. In terms of non-GAAP other income line items, we had $1 million of interest income, a loss of $4 million from currency and other items and the interest expense for the quarter was $34 million. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 27.9%. Our diluted share count for the quarter was 184.8 million shares. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 1 million shares for $52 million and issued approximately 400,000 shares as part of the repayment of our $350 million convertible bond. As a reminder, other factors impacting share count in the quarter are dilution due to our remaining convertible debt and employee stock options and restricted stock units. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.52, which includes $0.26 per share of acquisition-related amortization expense, $0.03 per share of noncash interest expense and $0.08 per share of business integration costs and other items, including costs associated with the discontinuation of a small product line. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes these items, diluted earnings per share was $0.89. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow statements, our ending cash and short-term investments were $565 million. This compares to last quarter's balance of $735 million. The reduction in cash from last quarter is due to the repayment of the $350 million convertible bond. Cash from operating activities was $204 million. Capital expenditures were $17 million and free cash flow was $187 million. Return on invested capital was 80.6%. We remain on track to achieve our goal of 10% return on invested capital by 2012. Our ending debt as of June 30 was approximately $2.7 billion. This balance is made up of our convertible debt of $450 million and senior notes of $2.3 billion. Now let me take a moment and talk about our revised outlook for the second half and full year. Constant currency revenue growth, which includes the impact of acquisitions is now expected to be between 3% and 5% for the second half, with the third quarter at the lower end of this range. For the full year, constant currency revenue growth is expected to be between 2% and 4%. As of June month-end rates, currency is expected to have a positive 3-point impact on revenue in Q3, and a positive $0.05 impact on earnings per share. In Q4, currency is expected to have a positive 3-point impact on revenue and a positive $0.06 impact on earnings per share. Operating margin expansion is expected to be down 100 basis points year-over-year in the third quarter, resulting from a year-over-year decline in gross margins due to higher-than-planned sales of 5500 upgrades in the quarter. However, operating margins are expected to expand by approximately 50 basis points for the full year. For modeling purposes, it's important to note that the majority of our operating margin expansion will come in the fourth quarter due to the timing of cost reductions planned in the second half. As a result of calling the $350 million convert in the second quarter, interest expense for the year will go down. Interest expense, net of interest income, is now expected to be $128 million for the full year. Other income and expense, which include foreign exchange and gains and losses is expected to total $10 million in expense for the full year. In total, other income and expense is expected to be approximately $138 million. The second half tax rate is expected to be approximately 28%. Average diluted share count for the year is expected to range between 185 million and 187 million shares. This estimate does not include the impact of any additional share repurchases in the second half of the year. While it's not our normal practice to provide quarterly earnings per share guidance, we recognize the potential difficultly in modeling this quarter. Therefore, non-GAAP earnings per share for the third quarter are expected to be between $0.85 and $0.90. The impact of our reduced revenue outlook will be partially offset by the acceleration of the cost-savings initiatives that were discussed earlier. As a result, we expect to deliver non-GAAP earnings per share between $3.70 and $3.80 for the full year. Full year free cash flow is now expected to be in the range of $625 million to $650 million for 2011, including $100 million of one-time restructuring costs. Restructuring costs have increased from our regional estimate of $80 million due to additional restructuring actions that are now planned for the second half of the year. Looking ahead to 2012 with restructuring largely complete, we expect free cash flow to increase in line with net income growth. And with that, I'll hand the call back over to Eileen.
Eileen Pattinson: Thanks, David. We will now turn to Q&A [Operator Instructions] Operator, we are now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Maybe just starting with maybe an obvious question on the academic markets. You're pretty consistent with a lot of your peers and calling out the academic softness. Can you give us a sense as to whether this really is a transitory issue. Obviously we have the dynamic of stimulus rolling off as well. So if you could just talk about how much you think could kind of linger going forward? And then maybe also I'll just touch on your ability to grow in a potentially flat NIH environment going forward?
Gregory Lucier: Well, as I said in the comments, we believe that this growth rate or reduced growth rate will continue through the end of the year. In terms of visibility beyond that Tycho, we're not sure yet, but we're thinking it's going to be in the certainly lower-single digits based on what we can see right now. Now second half of your question is, how can we grow in the face of that. I think it comes back to both our product mix, our geographies and then continue to expanding into these nonacademic markets. And so on the first one, it's clear more and more money is going towards next-generation sequencing, and we are very bullish on now with the 5500 coming finally online and the Ion Torrent ramping up considerably. So we think we have the right exposure there. You heard about my comments in terms of China. We're taking some pretty rapid and pretty bold actions in terms of becoming ever more direct across the region, emphasizing China here. And we think that will give us some growth rate and then finally our HID businesses, our Food, our Animal Health businesses give us some nonacademic exposure.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then maybe with regards to sequencing since you mentioned the 5500, you've obviously had success with the PGM. How do you feel like [indiscernible] into the portfolio longer term? Is there a risk that with these delays and obviously the introduction of desktop systems that solid potentially could be in a kind of decline going forward?
Mark Stevenson: Tycho, this is Mark Stevenson. So we still see a place for the 5500 in the market and it's seen some adoption in terms of accuracy and its flexibility. But as you've actually pointed out, there's an increasing part of the market now that's growing very rapidly in these desktop-type systems where people really value this fast turnaround time. So as far as sort of further growth of the market, we really see it as decentralized part of the market, more and more labs that we visit who today might be buying some of our qPCR instruments, now growing quickly with the Ion Torrent.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then last one for Greg, maybe are you able to put any parameters around kind of the cost-saving actions for the back half of the year and are those kind of facilities closures or just talk to your ability to kind of pull cost out of the system?
David Hoffmeister: Yes, Tycho, this is David, I'll take that. Right now, we're looking at savings in the range of $10 million to $20 million in the second half of the year. And so on an annual base run rate, that would be $40 million to $50 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Quin Lai with Robert W. Baird.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: The slowdown that you saw it looked like it was -- a lot of it also was in the Molecular Biology area. And so Greg, you sort of kind talked about people switching over the next-gen sequencing. I mean, is it taking traditional molecular biologists and now they've just become gene jockeys? Or is it really just funding issues and maybe people sitting on their budgets. A little bit of color on the Molecular Biology side, was it consumables? Was it instrument-based? Kind of what were you seeing?
Gregory Lucier: It's a good question, Quin. Let me give you a couple of impressions we have right now. So clearly, there is this shift towards sequencing in terms of the funding. I think our response to that is that evermore, researchers are taking a genetic analysis perspective. And as Mark rightly pointed out in the last answer, when you could start selling a sequencer for $50,000 and a qPCR instrument higher anyone sells about that as well, you're now faced with trade-offs, and I think you're starting to see that take place. So more prospectively though, we actually think this plays quite well into our portfolio in that there is a continuum of [indiscernible] sequence and then you'll validate the gene function. And so we're seeing really incredible double-digit growth at our Assay business, the consumables side of our qPCR business. And so getting that right mix kind of oriented is a big body of work that Mark and his team are working on right now. So those are the impressions we have, that's how we think it will all play out for us in that the consumables side of qPCR will have really robust growth over the coming years as it is evidenced today.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: You've given preliminary 2012 guidance in mid-single-digit growth, so what is implied in the assumption for the academic market? And kind of your visibility to that?
Gregory Lucier: I think we're thinking right now it's essentially flat to 2011, and that's how we're planning our cost structure.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: So then that means that the growth then has to come from pharma and emerging markets and applied markets in order to offset the flatness in academic in the U.S.?
Gregory Lucier: Well, yes. And then also changing your mix inside those mature countries.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC: My guess is based on the way Ion Torrent has been tracking and nearly going that you're banking on probably about 2 points of growth from that product next year. You typically get about 2 points of price. So your 2012 guidance, recognizing that things maybe a little stronger, a little weaker for both of those variables, but your 2012 guidance implies on the surface that you're expecting very little volume growth. When you factor in new products, which I think we should given how much you're spending on R&D, it suggests that your existing businesses are going to continue to decline. Why does that, I mean, where is my math wrong? And if it's not, why would you make that assumption?
Eileen Pattinson: So Doug let me just clarify. So in terms of the pricing environment, we typically get between 1% and 2%, so I think you chose the high end of that side of the range. Ion is contributing considerably to growth, and we expect that trend to continue. But mid-single-digit growth in 2012, taking into account a number of scenarios, including the tougher academic funding environment in both U.S. and Europe, and we felt it prudent to provide a range that encompass a number of different scenarios there.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay, all right. Let me ask I guess a high-level question about what happened in this quarter. There was an investor event where you seem to signal that there is a weakness in early May, and then you went out on your way to say that things were fine. You reported a number that I think some without your warrant to the preannouncement, the issues you've pointed to seem like they shouldn't have been surprising, the Japan earthquake obviously happened last quarter. The funding environment has been tough since last quarter. And your choice to make changes in China was your choice. Many are going to say that there was a total breakdown in communication and that at best you lack visibility on your businesses. There's been a series of missteps here. How do investors regain confidence in this team and that you finally got the outlook right?
David Hoffmeister: Well, let me take a first stab at that Doug, since I was the one that made the comment after the investor meeting. And the question, I believe at the time was, do you think that the uncertainty around the passage of the NIH budget will have an impact on your Q2 results? And my comment was, that it already had an impact at that point in time since the budget wasn't passed until mid- to 3rd week of April, so into the second quarter. What we wanted to clarify was that being the case, we still thought at that time that once the budget had been passed, that spending in the academic and government accounts would pick up and that the impact on the second quarter would be neutral or spending would recover. And we had some feedback from large accounts at that time that said that they were spending at the rate that they had been when fully funded. What we discovered as the quarter progressed is that, that wasn't the case, particularly in some of the smaller and less-funded accounts. And particularly at the end of the quarter, when we received some of our larger instrument sales, they just did not materialize. So that's what happened there. In terms of the earthquake, you're absolutely right, the earthquake happened in the first quarter. And we were working with our partner Hitachi to get it online, to get production back online. What we, and they believe at that time, was that they would be operating at full capacity and to meet our demand, which was 200-plus instruments. They did a great job. We actually placed 170 instruments, but they weren't able to produce all 200. And that was the cause of the shortfall in terms of revenue. And we made some specific decisions about, since we were going to come in short, to place upgrades as opposed to new instruments and that had an impact on our margins. And then finally, in China, China as Greg said, we made a decision to supplement the dealer network which has served us very well there with a direct sales force. We announced it. We identified some of the dealers, the dealers that would be with us long term and some of them that we were going to deemphasize and that had an impact on our revenues as they started to destock. As Greg said, in hindsight, maybe we could have managed that better but hindsight is 20-20. It is what it is. We know what the issues are, and we're working to correct them. Additional questions?
Operator: Our next question comes from Nandita Koshal with Barclays Capital.
Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital: I was wondering if Greg, you could break down the second half guidance and maybe the 2012 outlook a little bit by subsegments? And then if you could get your thoughts around some of the larger pieces of those businesses like the PCR franchise or the research CE business?
Gregory Lucier: I'll defer to Eileen to give a bit more granularity on guidance, whether we do it on this call or on in subsequent calls. But as I had said earlier, when we think about how we grow in the future, there's clearly a product mix opportunity as more funding go towards sequencing and within that trend, as Mark highlighted, we see more and more money flowing into this economical approach to desktop sequencing and that leverages Ion Torrent. We also see good opportunity that as all those sequences get done, they have to be validated, and we're the #1 consumables company in the world for that type of technology with our qPCR Consumables business, so that should be good. And we also then see a continued growth across these emerging market regions. Look, China has been a very strong performer for us. We had a momentary 90-day blip here, it will be another great performance for us,, starting back up again in Q3. So China, Latin America, India, those places will also give us good incremental growth. So that's our general thinking right now and then underlying all of that, we just got to make sure that the organization is evermore lean and efficient, and as we highlighted we're taking actions to do that as well. So that's how we're thinking about the business. The company is strong, generates enormous free cash flow. It's very profitable, and we'll get through these kind of periods of time.
Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital: And in the CE business specifically, you talked about a bit of a slowdown, is that really more just macro-funding related? Or are you seeing those accounts increasingly trial the Ion Torrent machine and maybe wait for some of the other low-cost sequencers that are coming to market? Just trying to get a sense for the outlook for the research CE business, specifically.
Gregory Lucier: Look, there's no change in the research CE business outlook from what we've given before. In fact, in the quarter, the consumables part of that franchise was very, very good for us. So a lot of confirmatory testing going on, on the CE instrument. More and more people are realizing that it has to be, and is the gold standard for validating the sequences that were just done on the next-generation machines. So in the research side, again, I don't think we see a lot of growth going in terms of new instruments, but we see good growth on the consumables and virtually all of the growth in CE instruments is into molecular diagnostics, into forensics, into animal herd testing, all these different applied markets.
Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital: I appreciate that. And if Eileen can give us some of the breakdown, I don't know if it's for now or for the follow-up call, but thanks for the help.
Eileen Pattinson: Yes. So Nandita, we probably will provide any further break down of the guidance that we've just provided. We've provided more detail than we normally do in terms of EPS for Q3 and the revenue growth for the second half. And 2012, it's still early days for us to break down our guidance any further than what we've got.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG: So as we think about kind of what's transpired in the business, and sort of the outlook for the rest of the year and then obviously, you gave some initial color on '12. I mean how should we think about your long-term view of growth here and then putting that in context of kind of the repurchase that was announced because I guess to your point before, Greg, this business generates a ton of cash, the valuation is obviously quite impaired, and there's obviously some degree of confidence on your end in the context of kind of returning the company to the historical growth that we've seen. So $200 million on a buyback even though you now have $500 million all in seems relatively small given the cash flow. So one, talk about sort of your confidence and the view of the sort of long-term strategic growth of the business? And then how you thought about sort of sizing that versus kind of the share repurchase?
Gregory Lucier: Well, in terms first of the confidence in the future, I wanted to convey that as a public company, you report every 90 days, and I think there is a tendency to trend line a 90-day result forever. And so I'd ask investors to step back for a moment and that choices were made in China as an example of our distribution strategy, had a 90-day impact and that will be back to mid-teens to higher growth. That would have really demonstrably change our growth rate and financial bottom line results in the quarter. The point simply is, I think it's really critical that we take steady hands through these periods, and so that's why it gives some confidence that we see look, this is going to be a mid-single-digit grower as it certainly was in 2010 and all the years before. And so we think we'll get back to that year by the end of the year going into 2012. So that's my kind of general qualitative comments around the confidence of the future. In terms of the buyback, we get a lot of those questions, Ross, and we have been, I think, historically a good provider of buybacks of returning cash to shareholders. And we will continue to do so in the future. At the same time, I want to make sure that we keep full financial flexibility as we move through the next couple of quarters. And the reason is that I just want to see how the economy unfolds, as I think my goal is to be a good steward of this company over the long term. And so before we go spend what some investors would like as a much bigger buyback, I think it's important that we hold on to more of our cash resources, and just make sure that we're understanding everything going on around us in the world. So that's the long and short of it. We may have bigger buybacks in the future, but right now, it's $200 million more which is not an insignificant amount of money.
David Hoffmeister: I think, Ross, the only thing that I would add maybe a little more specificity around Greg's comments on growth. One of the things we try to do was provide some of the details on some of the headwinds that we faced in the quarter. Our growth for the quarter was 3%. And there are -- other than the funding, the 2 main issues were the upgrades and the China situation. The upgrades accounted for 0.5 point of growth and China, we estimate was 2 points. So if you assume, give us the benefit of the doubt that we'll correct those situations, that adds 2.5 points to our 3, and so you're at 5.5 points of those growth at that point in time. And that's where we're saying even with the tough or no improvement in the funding environment going forward, we're looking at mid-single-digit growth. I think the other thing I'd say is we're looking at our cost base. And if we face slower growth, we'll take a look at our investments and our costs and adjust them accordingly, so that we can continue to deliver double-digit earnings growth.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG: Just a quick follow-up to that point David, so in the context of the forward outlook, not for just this year, but in the next, you noted, you think the funding environment will be similar to what see this year, and I think I'm in agreement with that, I think we've got another continuing resolution. That being said, in the event that the environment is sort of worst than what we're expecting, from that standpoint, how do you think about flexibility in the cost structure? I mean where do you see greater ways, is it on the SG&A line? Do you think the R&D as a percentage of sales is kind of the appropriate profit level given the returns you're getting there? Just trying to get a sense for where we've got the most degree of flexibility.
Gregory Lucier: Yes, I think it's not so much a case of waste is that there's just opportunities for us to continually fine-tune and improve the way that we operate the business. And I think that as I've said before, we have opportunities on multiple levels. We are continuing to consolidate our manufacturing footprint. I think we have 6 plant consolidations underway currently this year or announced. And we're accelerating our productivity improvements in the plant, as well as looking at our manufacturing and operations overhead. So I think you'll see definite improvements on, and we can drive additional improvements, on the cost of goods line. I think on the slower growth environment, we'll certainly take a look at our R&D spending as a percentage of sales. Particularly as we've now completed the introduction of the 5500, there's opportunities for us to reallocate and reduce our R&D spending. And then finally on SG&A, we're taking -- we're continuing to look at opportunities there, which we've captured significant opportunities since the merger and as I've said to people before, I think we've got the 2 companies put together but we, by no means, fully optimized at this point. And so we're looking at things like continuing back-office consolidations, improving the way we go-to-market and refining the amount of money that we spend on promotions and how we do that. And so, of the $10 million to $20 million that I think that we can get out of the business in the second half of the year, I think those are the 3 lines that I would look at.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Bhalla with Citigroup.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: Greg, I wanted to know if you could just dig a little deeper into the Cell Systems business. I know you talked about the strength within Bioproduction but there are a number of other lines within Cell Systems that I'd like to get a little more color on?
Gregory Lucier: Well, as you know, the Bioproduction business had another good quarter and building off a fantastic year last year. So we're in a good place there with that business. That was about a 13% organic growth rate in the quarter. We also see continued good mid-single-digit growth in the cell analysis of the portfolio, dyes, antibodies, things of that nature, so that's going okay. And then there are other areas that I think are under more pressure just due to funding issues that are experiencing kind of lower mid-single digit growth. So overall, good franchise. In fact, we probably want to orient more of our business into Cell Systems, in terms of organic growth and product development. So that's the color commentary.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: And Greg, in terms of China, I think I heard you say 2 different things in the prepared comments. It sounded like you said the China piece would resolve itself over the next few quarters, but then I think in the Q&A, you're talking about a 90-day turnaround. Can you put some numbers around how many dealers were moved around? And what is the actual timing when to get back on track?
Gregory Lucier: Yes. So we think in the third quarter maybe just kind of make it the second half. The business will be in the mid-teens growth again and then moving into 2012, it will actually go higher than that like it had been in 2010 and prior to that. So you almost could draw a line that the business declined a bit in the first quarter, declined a little bit more than in the second quarter, and now we've actually already started see it return back to the second half of June now on to July and August. So again I would just say to investors, being a public company when you report every 90 days, you got to deal with these interim results like this. But I don't make a trend line out of this one. This is a conscious decision we made to change distribution strategy. Obviously, there would be some disruption that's more than we thought, but it's now coming back online and we're absolutely certain we made the right decisions to build a larger scientific sales force across that country. So again I think we'll be back on track here right now in this quarter.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: Are you turning over half of your distributors, 90% of them just some rough idea will be great?
Gregory Lucier: You know, I'm not going to signal that because I think it's competitive information.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Groberg with Macquarie.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: I just had 2 questions. One, a little bit more detail on the Genetic Systems business. Maybe you can let us know on the Ion Torrent kind of what you're seeing on consumable usage at this point and what you expect? And then on the 5500, people would do some diligence talk to customers because of Ion Torrent and seeing that, that's where you're investing. They are choosing not to invest in SOLiD anymore, canceling orders or moving to competitive platform. So maybe just what you're seeing on the cancellation front from 5500 as you think about your 3Q guidance?
Mark Stevenson: Yes. So firstly, on the Ion Torrent and consumables, really most of the revenue at the moment is still coming from the instruments themselves as people just thought to install, get them up and running the instruments. As we go forward and you would have seen in the [indiscernible] I mean you can go through thousands of chips to run a genome, and as we launch now the 316 [ph] chip, more applications come into that looking at doing whole genomes, expression and going into now the 318 chip that we'll launch in the fourth quarter. So we'll see more consumable usage going on and that will drive some of the growth and also saw improvement in margins. With regard to the 5500, we've certainly seen this adoption of the desktop sequencer and the performance improvement as caused for you to look again at Ion Torrent, and we'll certainly see some of the chips in the market as people look for different applications of a next-generation sequencing. And so some of our users have decided to go in that direction. The vast majority of our existing SOLiD users have actually decided to upgrade their systems. So we're giving customers that choice and as we continue to rollout the 5500s, we've seen good uptake. I'd say the vast majority of upgrades is into the 5500. Some decided they wanted to do other projects, [ph] come to us with Ion Torrent.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Wood with Jefferies.
Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just philosophically, does the constant -- when you got to constant currency now, should assume that mid-single digits next year it's possible that, that number includes some bolt-on transactions, more tuck-in type transactions rather than a true organic number?
David Hoffmeister: No that's a true organic number.
Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then Greg, philosophically going forward that double-digit number in '12 and then out in the future, do you contemplate any capital redeployment in that number, is that effectively a EBITDA growth number?
Gregory Lucier: That is a EBITDA growth number.
Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. Last one for David, understanding your comments on the cash flow, why wouldn't free cash flow grow ahead of net income next year if there is restructuring charges that dissipate, if you will? So going from $100 million to some lower number, why doesn't that kind of drive free cash flow premium to net income?
David Hoffmeister: We could potentially.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Arias with UBS.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank: Just staying on the academic funding environment. You've said, and we've assumed, that those doing more cutting genomics work stand a better shot at seeing grant approvals in a pressurized funding environment. When you talk to customers right now, do they, at this moment, actually share this optimism or are they being as guarded as everyone else right now, just given the magnitude of the overriding issues?
Gregory Lucier: Mark and I can fric and frac on that, but clearly, they are being guarded. As somebody earlier said on the question, the stimulus is receding. It is very uncertain coming out of Washington any decisions and so people are being very guarded. At the same time, there is this underlying trend that there is more grants going to genetic research. And I would say that the Ion Torrent technology, which is incredibly economical versus these very hard expensive machines that we've seen in the first next-generation cycle are going to be tougher to purchase for these people, and so the Ion Torrent is really receptive to the moment, to the times.
Mark Stevenson: I would just add. It remains obviously a competitive granting process, and we see around the world that people want to get in published papers and just doing that work in thousands of labs around the world, you have now tools you and you can do a lot of genetic discovery with Ion sequencing and World Trade [ph] papers. So I think that's the trend that we're seeing that then draws funding into it and can create labs and getting money.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And then just on consumables pricing for the PGM. Those 314 chip was just reduced to under $100. Do you see ASPs following this pricing path as each chip is surpassed by a next-gen product?
Mark Stevenson: Yes, I mean we're really able to leverage the past semiconductors here. So as we come in with higher-performing chips, we were able to leverage the volume we get. The ASP follows the sort of pricing we're doing and just allow you to do more price per for the customer. As we look to further increase applications around that, you'll see some different ASPs on some of the future kits around this, but certainly we've seen good updates as the really 10x improvement that we're giving every 6 months to customers at the same price points. So the 316 giving customers a spec of 100 mega basis, they're actually getting more of that in their hands, and at the same price point that they were as of the 314 chips. So it's very well-received by our customers, and I think it will drive volume up with more applications.
Eileen Pattinson: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: You talked a lot about the funding environment, recognizing it's very uncertain. But I just want to think about how we should look going forward on the sensitivity of your current guidance on marginal shifts, and the funding should in fact, the outlook be down in the U.S. going forward? And then maybe if you could add some color around how your assumptions differ domestically as well as maybe in the Western Europe?
David Hoffmeister: Well, as said earlier, our current guidance, our current outlook assumes essentially a flat funding environment. So in terms of what a downside case would be, I don't think we have that modeled in per se, and we'll have to see how this all plays out. In terms of Europe, we don't see any improvement happening there either. But we've resized the business there accordingly, as we indicated that the second quarter of last year, and it's kind of playing in line with what we had predicted at the second quarter in 2010. So I think the bottom line is just to reiterate, we see U.S. and Europe being about the same as it is in the second quarter. Our longer-term forecast is a flattish academic sector, but within that sector, we're seeing shift to this genetic research and given dollars are pressured, it's benefiting these kind of desktop sequencers that are very simple and low cost to use. So that's a little bit of what we can predict so far.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I appreciate that. Just as a follow-up on China, you mentioned some of the transitions you're making operationally there. Can you maybe help us tease out where you think the normalized growth rate is for that market going forward? So that when you guys are back in a position to harvest the opportunity, we can get a sense of the relative change from what we saw this quarter?
Gregory Lucier: Yes, I think it's in the 20s percent, and we've certainly -- we did last year in 2010 and as we've gone through the first half of the year that changed our strategy. We haven't achieved that, but as I guided in the second half, we'll get closer to that again and in 2012, I think we'll be fully back online at the type of growth rate.
Eileen Pattinson: This concludes our second quarter earnings conference call. If there are additional questions, please feel free to contact me. The webcast will be available via a replay on our website for 3 weeks. Thank you again for joining us this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Hoffmeister - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Eileen Pattinson - Senior Director of Investor Relations Mark Stevenson - President and Chief Operating Officer Gregory Lucier - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Daniel Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc Charles Butler - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2011 Life Technologies Corporation Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host today, Eileen Pattinson, Head of Investor Relations. Please begin.
Eileen Pattinson: Thank you, John, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Life Technologies' first quarter earnings conference call. Joining me on the call today are Greg Lucier, our Chairman and CEO; and David Hoffmeister, Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Mark Stevenson, our Chief Operating Officer, will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you haven't received a copy of today's press release, you may obtain one from our website at lifetechnologies.com. I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may vary. It is our intent that these forward-looking statements be protected under the Safe Harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in today's press release or on our website. I will now hand the call over to Greg Lucier.
Gregory Lucier: Thanks, Eileen, and thank you all for joining us. I hope you all had a chance to review the press release that we issued earlier today. Total non-GAAP revenue grew 1% for the quarter to $897 million and grew 2% excluding currency. Due to the difficult year-over-year comparables and the extraordinary events in Japan, organic growth was flat for the quarter. Excluding the impact from these items, organic revenue grew 5% and total revenue grew 6%. Non-GAAP earnings per share declined 2% for the quarter to $0.85. Excluding the estimated impact from Japan, earnings per share was $0.87, representing flat growth year-over-year.  As a reminder, guidance for the first quarter was 1% to 3% revenue growth, excluding currency, and EPS flat to down, 5%. And so, I'm pleased to report continued strong underlying growth in the business. Looking ahead, our full year guidance of mid-single digit organic growth for the year is unchanged and we're on track to deliver non-GAAP earnings per share of $3.80 to $3.95. Since we've been getting a lot of questions on the events in Japan, I'll start out by providing an update on that situation. Clearly, the start of 2011 was a difficult one for our employees and customers in Japan. Thankfully, all our employees are safe and our facilities are undamaged. As you might expect, in the aftermath of the disaster, our offices were closed for several days as were many of our customers' labs. However, as soon as it was deemed safe, we commenced operations and began fulfilling customer orders. Never before has the dedication and fortitude of our employees been more apparent. And as a result, we are able to minimize the impact on the company's financial results. In terms of impact to our suppliers and partners, our distributors were all relatively undamaged and our regional supply chain was operational within a very short period of time. As we announced earlier in the quarter, our partner Hitachi High Technologies suffered damages at several of their facilities in the Ibaraki Prefecture. The site that was damaged produces our CE instruments and capillary arrays, as well as the 5500 sequencer.  For a period of time following the earthquake, the Hitachi site was not manufacturing products as they assessed and repaired damages. As we announced in March, this halt in production caused the delay in shipments of the 5500, which was originally planned for the final weeks of the first quarter. At this point, Hitachi has resumed manufacturing of the 5500, CE instruments and capillary arrays. Customer shipments of the 5500 have begun and we expect to be able to clear a large portion of that backlog in the second quarter. The performance of our team during these extremely difficult times is a testament to the culture of execution that pervades the organization. In 2011, we continue on our efforts to create shareholder value by focusing on 4 key performance drivers. These are: Product innovation, geographic growth, expansion into new end markets and operational excellence. We made good progress on all of these areas in the first quarter, laying the groundwork for accelerated growth, both in revenue and earnings in the second half of the year. I'll walk you through some of the highlights before I hand it off to David to give you the detailed financial results. Over the last few years, we have assembled a portfolio of innovative products, heavily weighted towards high-margin consumables. It covered the entire spectrum of biological research. Due to the breadth and scale of our operations, our commercial and R&D teams have more conversations and interactions with scientists around the world than any other company in our space. These conversations and our relationships ensure that we understand the needs of our customers better than anyone else. And also serve as the cornerstone of our efforts to bring new products to market that are designed to the make essential research of our customers easier, faster and more accurate. In keeping with that goal, we launched a number of new kits and reagents every single quarter. In the first quarter of 2011, we introduced over 20 new consumable products, including a new addition to our gold standard TaqMan family of products, which is designed to detect cancer-related DNA mutations. This novel product was designed with customer needs in mind and is 10x more sensitive than any other product in the market.  Another example of our customer-centered approach to innovation is the recently launched Ion OneTouch System. This bench-top device completely automates the sample preparation for the Ion Personal Genome Machine, reducing the time to prepare a sample from it's current 8 hours to less than 3 hours with only 5 minutes of hands-on time. We are particularly excited about this new advancement because the speed and simplicity of sample preparation now matches that of ion semiconductor sequencing. This significantly forward helps make genetic sequencing accessible to every Molecular Biology laboratory whereas as in past, only larger facilities had the expertise and financial resources to acquire and run DNA sequences. Sales of the PGM continue to ramp up and have exceeded our expectations on all measures. At the rate we are placing instruments, the PGM will have the highest installed base of any next-generation sequencing instrument within the next 12 months. Our second key performance driver is related to capturing the opportunity in emerging markets. We have taken a number of steps in the last few quarters to ensure that we are well-positioned in these markets to provide superior customer support, short fulfillment times and seamless back-office capabilities.  To this sense, last quarter we announced the acquisition of Labindia, our Indian distributor. I'm very pleased to say that the integration is going very well and we have made significant progress in setting up a direct sales and support infrastructure in the region. Moving to this type of model in India allows us to strengthen our relationships with customers and ultimately drive revenue growth by creating brand loyalty, increasing consumable attachment rates and increasing volumes by selling across the product lines.  Now during the quarter, we also announced the opening of a new Singapore distribution center that will serve as the hub for the Asia Pacific region. This 62,000-square foot state-of-the-art facility is the first of its kind for any life science company in Singapore. It's designed to improve service and ensure quality for our customers throughout the region. The planned expansion of several existing distribution centers in China and India will further support the new hub-and-spoke model, moving us closer to our goal of delivering in-stock products to customers within 3 to 5 days anywhere in the world. As we look to the future, we see opportunity to increase our growth rate by moving further into areas like forensics, food testing and molecular diagnostics. High growth in these areas is driven by new legislation and increased funding to find Molecular Biology-based solutions in medical and societal problems. We've had success with adopting our research tools and technologies for use in these market thus far. And have recently announced several new FDA and U.S. FDA approved Real-Time PCR-based products for use in animal and food testing. These products, along with our realtime PCR instruments enable more effective monitoring of the world's food supply by providing food producers with the complete workflow needed to rapidly test for pathogens and monitor the health of animals.  On a molecular diagnostics front, the FDA recently granted 510(k) clearance for our stem cell growth medium, a consumable product used to grow human stem cells without the use of traditional animal origin media. This product is the first and only product of its kind to receive clearance by the FDA and we're excited about the potential to accelerate the regulatory review process for regenerative medicine studies. As we are able to participate more in these fast-growing markets, revenue growth for the company accelerates as well.  Our last key performance driver, operational excellence, is focused on driving more of the revenue straight to [indiscernible] . During the quarter we've made significant steps towards achieving our goal of 31% operating margins by 2013. Productivity initiatives are being implemented across the organization and span manufacturing, supply chain and SG&A.  Increasing manufacturing productivity by consolidating our manufacturing sites into fewer, more efficient locations is a major element of the plans. In the last several months, we have announced the closure of 6 manufacturing plants. Operations at these facilities will be transferred to designated centers of manufacturing excellence where we can operate at the highest levels of efficiency. In addition, savings associated with running fewer, more efficient plants continues to provide savings options for a number of manufacturing inputs to ensure we are getting the most of every dollar we spend in the manufacturing process. A number of initiatives to drive world-class efficiency in our business operations are also underway. Projects include the consolidation of local sales offices around the world, the implementation of shared services for back-office functions and a focus on increasing the effectiveness of our marketing programs. All of these initiatives have kicked off in recent months, and through careful planning and execution, we will begin to see the savings reflected in gross and operating margins beginning in the second half of this year. While we were executing on the larger strategies that I have described for you today, we haven't wavered in our attention to detail and the daily operating rigor that drives our culture here at Life. Focus on day-to-day execution is particularly important now due to the unusual challenges that we faced in the first half of 2011, including tough revenue comparables, currency impacts and the launch and ramp up of a few new big product lines. Most of these challenges impact the first quarter and as we move through the year, the tough comps dissipate as does the negative impact of currency on our results. New products, some of which we have yet to announce, as well as the impact of the productivity initiatives I described earlier, will begin to contribute to revenue growth and profitability in the coming quarters. As a result, both the revenue and earnings are expected to ramp up sequentially during the year and we are on track to deliver our full year goals. I could not be more pleased with the team's progress towards executing on the performance drivers that I've just described for you and I'm confident in our future.  And with that, I'll hand it over to David to walk you through our financial results for the quarter.
David Hoffmeister: Thanks, Greg. This quarter, non-GAAP revenue grew 1% over the prior year to $897 million. Currency had a negative 1 point impact on reported revenue growth and acquisitions contributed 2 points. Organic revenue growth was flat for the quarter. However, as you know that growth rate is in comparison to a very strong first quarter last year, where we grew over 10% organically, driven by a number of onetime items including the Japanese Police order and supplemental budget, H1N1 and royalties. Excluding the impact of these items, organic revenue this quarter grew 5% and the impact of the earthquake in Japan accounted for 1.5 to 2 points. Moving on to divisional results. Molecular Biology Systems had revenue of $426 million, down 3% organically from prior year. Strong demand for TaqMan assays was offset by slower growth in the PCR and Molecular Biology Reagent businesses, both of which faced a difficult year-over-year comparisons and were negatively impacted by reduced consumables demand in Japan, as the majority of customer labs were shut down for a time in the last few weeks of the quarter. Genetic Systems division had revenues of $228 million, down 8% organically from prior year. Growth in this division was negatively impacted by the delayed shipment of the 5500 sequencer due to the earthquake in Japan and slower-than-average sales of the SOLiD 4 System as customers delayed purchasing in anticipation of the 5500 launch. Overall sales of CE instruments and consumables declined in the low-single digits for the quarter, the result of a difficult year-over-year comparison. Excluding the impact of these comps, the CE business grew in the low-single digits in line with expectations. And as mentioned earlier, sales of the Ion Torrent PGM were strong. Cell Systems had revenue of $238 million, representing 11% organic growth. Growth in the quarter was driven by a strong demand across the portfolio. Organic growth by region in the quarter was as follows: the Americas grew 1%; Europe 2%, Asia Pacific 7%; and Japan declined 16%. Moving on to the other items. First quarter non-GAAP gross margin was 66.3%, 200 basis points lower than prior year. Higher price realization was offset by the negative impact of currency and mix. Price realization in the quarter was between 1% and 2%, similar to prior years. Mix was lower due to a year-over-year decrease in royalties and higher-than-expected sales of Bioproduction and the Ion Torrent PGM. On a sequential basis, gross margin increased by 180 basis points, primarily due to higher price and productivity, partially offset by the negative impact of currency.  First quarter non-GAAP operating expenses were $342 million, flat versus prior year levels and a decrease of 4% on a sequential basis. The decrease in operating expense was the result of careful management of headcount and project-related spending in the quarter. Non-GAAP operating income was $253 million, a decline of 3.6% from prior year. First quarter operating margin was 28.2%, representing a decline of 130 basis points year-over-year. The decline in operating margin resulted from lower gross margin, partially offset by lower operating expenses. In terms of other income line items, we had $1 million of interest income, a loss of $1 million from currency and other items and the interest expense for the quarter was $34 million. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 27.6%. Our diluted share count for the quarter was 186.3 million shares. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 4.4 million shares, spending $234 million. In the second quarter, we have repurchased an additional 1 million shares, spending $53 million. At this time, we have approximately 300 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization. As a reminder, other factors impacting share count in the quarter are dilution due to our convertible debt, and employee stock options. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.50, which includes $0.27 per share of acquisition-related amortization expense, $0.03 per share of non-cash interest expense and $0.05 per share of business integration costs and other items. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes these items, diluted earnings per share were $0.85. And approximately $0.87, excluding the impact of the events in Japan. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow. Our ending cash and short-term investments were $735 million. This compares to last quarter's balance of $855 million. Cash from operating activities were $115 million, capital expenditures were $17 million and free cash flow was $98 million. Return on invested capital was 8.9%. We remain on track to achieve our goal of 10% ROIC by 2012. Our ending debt as of March 31, was approximately $3.1 billion. This balance is made up of our convertible debt of $800 million and senior notes of $2.3 billion.  Now let me take a moment and talk about our outlook for the next quarter and the rest of the year. In terms of full year guidance, organic revenue is still expected to be in the mid-single digits. Constant currency revenue growth, which includes the impact of acquisitions, is expected to be between 5% and 7%. Our outlook for full year EPS is unchanged, and it is expected to be between $3.80 and $3.95. Looking ahead to the second quarter, constant currency revenue growth is expected to be between 5% and 7%. As of March 31 rates, currency is expected to contribute slightly to second quarter revenue growth and to negatively impact gross margins by approximately 150 basis points because of our hedges, and negatively impact EPS by approximately $0.04. Q2 gross margins are expected to be approximately 264 basis points lower than Q2 last year. 150 basis points of the decline is due to the impact of currency. The remaining decline in gross margin is due to the impact of mix, primarily lower royalties, continued growth of the PGM instrument and a relatively high number of 5500 upgrades, including those originally planned in Q1 that will now happen in Q2. Full year gross margin is still expected to be flat to slightly down from prior year. Operating expenses in Q2 are expected to be 100 basis points lower as a percentage of revenue than Q2 last year. And as a result, operating margins for the quarter are expected to be approximately 150 basis points lower than prior year. Full year operating margins are still expected to expand by 75 basis points. Effective quarter, effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 28%. Average diluted shares in the second quarter are expected to range from 184 million to 186 million assuming an average stock price between $50 and $55.  And with that, I'll hand the call back over to Eileen for Q&A.
Eileen Pattinson: Thanks, David. We have about 30 minutes for Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we are now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Marshall Urist with Morgan Stanley.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Just first on currency and kind of what's implied by guidance, you guys are sticking with the range but presumably currency should be more favorable than it's been in the past. So has kind of your organic earnings outlook changed so that you're offsetting that currency? You guys being sort of conservative to start the year waiting to see how things play out? A little bit more clarity there would be helpful.
Gregory Lucier: Yes. Thanks, Marshall. Yes, at this point, we're not changing our guidance. Currency is positive at the current rates for us versus when we set guidance. But I think it's premature at this point to change our guidance on the expectation of a -- that the current change will remain. Just to give you an idea, the second half of the year at the current rates, currency would account for an additional about $0.04 per quarter or $0.08 for the full second half of the year.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great.
Eileen Pattinson: But, Marshall, just to be clear, our full year guidance is based on December 31 rates. So we have not updated guidance based on the impact from the changing rates. The underlying business is exactly as we saw it when we gave guidance at the beginning.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks. And then, Greg, maybe if you could just talk about the -- maybe give us a little bit more insight into the underlying kind of underlying business drivers. Japan I think we're pretty clear there, but I think people are going to be wondering kind of organic, underlying organic strengths in the business just given what we saw across, obviously, some of the unaffected geographies like Americas and Europe, quarter-over-quarter. So if we could maybe talk through that on a segment basis and just give us a sense of how those performed in the quarter, I think that would be helpful.
Gregory Lucier: You bet. First of all, I think it is important to emphasize the substantial growth we had in the first quarter of 2010. With, as David said, organic revenue growth in excess of 10%, that is a tough comparable to kind of get passed in this first quarter. I think in the Americas, what maybe made it a bit more challenging was simply a slower spend on the research side in academia due to the uncertainty around the final 2010 budget. And so, I think that had some effect of slowing the revenue growth in the first quarter. Now the other dynamic we have is that we're going through, as has been highlighted in a number of different comments, a fairly substantial line shift change. And so the 5500 sequencer is being launched and upgraded out in the field, hundreds of sites, and we didn't see the consumable growth on the SOLiD 4, the existing instrument, to the extent we would have liked because customers were waiting for the 5500. So that had some impact on us in the first quarter. I think the good news here, just to end the story is, that we are seeing record growth of the Ion sequencer. And so we are launching those instruments. They're being installed. And now, we'll start to see the consumable growth from that particular instrument. And so that should have some nice kind of tailwind for us as we move through several quarters. So first quarter for us, as I said in summary, kind of a tough quarter in terms of lots of different things going on, but absolutely right on track for what we're trying to do in the full 2011.
David Hoffmeister: The only thing I would add to that, Marshall, is if you adjust for the comps and Japan, and take a look at what our growth rates by -- are by region, they're basically in line with our expectations. So, for example, Americas grew in the low-single digits, Europe was mid-single digits, Asia Pac was in the teens and Japan was low-single digits.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Okay, that's helpful. And just 1 clarification. Just Greg, your comments on the U.S. academic market to start the year were interesting. Is that viewed -- that forecast, is that going to get better now that we have some idea about the 2011 budget from here, or is that still sort of now in the plan and PGM and other things kind of offset that? And then also, just a sense of how big of a contributor Bioproduction was in the quarter. Thanks.
Gregory Lucier: Well, the first part, the NIH certainty has -- uncertainty has been lifted for the balance of that fiscal year, and we are starting to see return to kind of the normal trend lines. So that, I think, issue has passed us. In terms of Bioproduction, Bioproduction grew 20-plus percent again this quarter. So Bioproduction contend -- continues to be a terrific story for us.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC: Maybe starting with Japan. The earthquake had, I think you said a 1.5% to 2% impact on organic growth. Would you be willing to break out how much of this was supply chain versus decline in demand in March?
Gregory Lucier: Yes, sure. It was probably about 50-50 in terms of the impact, Japan. And so about half of it due to supply chain and half of it due to lower sales in the last few weeks in Japan itself.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC: And the expectation is that the lost sales related to supply chain issues are not actually lost but those sales come back in Q2, is that correct?
Gregory Lucier: That's correct.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And then, turning over to Genetic Systems, any chance you would break out the growth rates given that there was some disruption in that group that seems a little bit more pronounced than the other groups? I guess, specifically, would you be able to talk about what the CE growth rate was in basic research, CE in applied market and next-gen sequencing growth within Genetic Systems?
Gregory Lucier: That's probably more detail than we want to get into on this call, but we could certainly follow-up on that. Maybe similar to the information I provided on the regions, in Genetic Systems, if we adjust for comps, Japan, the onetime items, the Genetic Systems was actually flat in the quarter.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And last 1, just relative to guidance, you provided either on the Q4 call or subsequent to the Q4 call, any changes in the quarterly pacing that you've talked about or the outlook for business segment by business segment growth?
Gregory Lucier: No. Nothing's changed. We're on track for the plan as we originally laid it out.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG: I just wanted to dig in to sort of 2 of the kind of more attractive opportunities for you. You talked about the emerging markets a lot more recently, now you kind of detail in here sort of your Asia Pac strategy. And If you think about your share there today versus how you compared to typically maybe an academic campus or a biotech in the U.S. or Europe. And then you think about that next leg of incremental opportunity, what are the types of programs in place today to kind of capture that? And from a sort of C-suite perspective, is that where you're spending kind of maybe a disproportionate amount of time, as well as some of the other kind of points you made in the presentation?
Gregory Lucier: Ross, this is Greg. The growth that we see in Asia really centers around winning with the basics. Right now, customers in certain cities have variable supply in terms of when they will get their product and customers, and the rest of the world don't have that variation. We are going to fix that, or I should say, invest in that, so that virtually every major city across Asia can get our 3- to 5-business-day delivery promise that we have with customers. And that's going to be implemented by mid this year. Second thing where we spend our time is investing in the sales infrastructure. So in a country like China, we started in a couple major cities having salespeople augmented with dealers. But now, as we grow, we continue to move more towards 100% of our own sales force in the major cities and we keep adding more geography where we invest in that sales infrastructure. So that's the other big area that we're investing in. And then lastly, we continue to look at opportunities to lower the overall cost structure of the company. A good example of that is our Bangalore R&D facility. Now obviously, that is more on the cost and productivity side of the company, but I'd also have to say it does help with our local image and brand and presence when we do R&D in a country like India that I think helps us in our conversations with scientific researchers there.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG: That's definitely helpful. And then on the capital deployment front, I mean it seems like you've been more focused recently on ROIC and certainly you've done some buyback here in the quarter and already in, I guess, Q2. I mean as you think about the balance sheet, the optimal debt levels you'd to get to in kind of the primary uses of capital, what's sort of, for the model or the plan you have, kind of the latest on the preference there?
David Hoffmeister: Nothing's changed from what we talked about at the end of the year and we've been talking about for the last 6 months or so. In terms of our debt levels, Ross, we're targeting 2x to 2.5x leverage, and our plan is to stay in that range. Our philosophy is to invest in the future growth of the business. The business, however, generates a lot of free cash flow, and our intent is to return that excess cash to shareholders through share buybacks. We've got, as I said, in the scripted notes, we spent over $200 million in the first quarter, another $50 million in the second quarter and we've got $300 million remaining on our share repurchase program.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG: Great, David. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson of JP Morgan.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Maybe just first question on Cell Systems, you had very strong growth there off a pretty big comp. Can you just talk to what you think the underlying growth rate is for that business? Should we think about it being kind of double-digit growth? And maybe just talk to any color you can give on the stem cell opportunity and how big that business is now?
Mark Stevenson: Yes, it's Mark, Tycho. So with regards to the Cell Systems business, we believe it's in sort of the mid- to high-single digits for the year. I mean you do see some of these quarter-to-quarter where we have a particularly strong quarter in Bioproduction with a couple of accounts. What we've done well in that is to be engaged early on in the process so these customers are scaling up in the media, in our other cell products. We're doing excellent scale up in that Bioproductions. That's where you're seeing the growth of that strategy really play out. In the stem cell area, we've been launching products and 1 example that Greg spoke about in the script was also getting more validation. And we see similarly there, as you begin to see some of the stem cell products also move into cell therapy, the opportunity for us to participate in the emergence of this cell therapy market, particularly moving into some of the Asian areas, we've been looking at opportunities there that will continue to drive that growth out of stem cell research, ultimately into cell therapy.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then, as we think about the kind of sequencing business, obviously some nice progress on the sample prep side there. I mean are you willing to give a box number for the installed base in the PTM at this point? And then can you talk on plans to improve accuracy? And maybe just any color on early mix of customers and plans to move into the clinic would be helpful, too.
Mark Stevenson: Yes. So as we mentioned again, we're very pleased with the numbers we've got. It exceeded our plans for what we were expecting in Q1. So we're very pleased with the update. We don't want to break out the individual numbers, but we continue to see great traction. We're exceeding the performance specifications in terms of what we're expecting in terms of throughput of the chips as we've launched 314. We said it would be 10 megabases of data. We have customers getting over 20 megs and continuing to improve that. We're launching now the 316 and 318 chip at the end of the year. So great feedback from our customers that lead us into that area. As we go forward in the coming area, we certainly see the application to move into the more clinical area with the product. Part of that is simplifying the direction we've gone with the OneTouch, and that's made great progress. And we're just making tremendous progress as well with the accuracy. Particularly, 1 of the concerns is being getting accuracy at longer read lengths. And so, our single base pair accuracy is improving so that the 100 bases, we're already several times x greater accuracy than other next-generation systems at that read length, which is important to our customers. And then with this [indiscernible] product, we can improve the consensus, accuracy and calling. So I think you will see Molecular Biology and software improvements that will drive the accuracy ever higher. It will get great adoption in the coming years in the clinical applications. We remain -- so far, seeing that CE actually remains the gold standard in validation. So the fit between Ion and CE is also very strong as we validate in those clinical applications some of the discoveries as CE remains the gold standard there.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then you called out Bead Based Separation, I guess, seeing for the first time in kind of the release, I mean anything to read into that, understand obviously what the products are, anything you're highlighting there intentionally?
Eileen Pattinson: No, that business -- we called that out because that business has achieved double-digit growth for the last several quarters, so it's a good growth driver for us in the Cell Systems business as well.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, I'll hop back in the queue.
Mark Stevenson: I worked on now a franchise, which is driving and embedded in many other products, in both in core diagnostic products and also the core research area.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Quintin Lai with Robert Baird.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: The guidance that you gave, kind of pacing throughout the year in anticipation of acceleration, I think you already said part of it is just the headwinds abating. Qualitatively, how much do you expect from new products like PGM and then maybe licenses to impact you in the back of the year, and maybe give some color on that, please?
Eileen Pattinson: So in terms of our guidance, Quintin, in terms of acquisition and contribution, it's about 1 point for the full year. And as you know, Ion Torrent does roll off in the fourth and that will be organic revenue at that point. We haven't split out the contribution from new products any further than that. But as you see the ramp throughout the year, you'll see part of it is because of the -- we get over the comps in the first half of the year, which is a big piece of why you see the ramp from first half to second half, and then you layer on the contribution from new products such as Ion Torrent and some other areas and you get the pacing that we've laid out.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: All right. And then, operating expense was a little lower than what we were expecting in Q1. Were you able to, when you saw things going in March, were you able to move down maybe some of your spending like in R&D? And then off the rate that we see here in the first quarter, is that the new base we should be forecasting off of? Or will there be a sequential increase in that as business gets better?
Gregory Lucier: Well, I think, yes, we did take a look of what the quarter looked like. We had some programs we're planning to -- in the terms of productivity, programs that we put in place at the beginning of the year. And as we have in previous years and previous quarters, we monitor our spending depending on what the business outlook is, mindful that we not do anything to impact long-term growth. So yes, we did manage expenses carefully in the first quarter. Going forward, I would expect that, as we have in other years, as the growth rate picks up, we will maintain our commitment to the bottom line growth and we'll invest or cut back accordingly.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin from UBS.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: Mark, can you just elaborate a little bit more on what are you getting in terms of the -- of the 10- and 20-megabase yield on the Ion Torrent, what's -- how much of the yield of that, the accuracy, is in the Q20, Q17 range?
Mark Stevenson: Well, it's actually a distribution of runs. So we get hundreds of thousands of runs on a chip, and so what you see is our distribution that occurs where actually we're trending to the majority of those at Q20 or we even get quality scores above that. So as we improved the core Molecular Biology and as we improved the accuracy on the calling side, the accuracy gets better. So the majority of the runs are already at Q20 or above. And then we'll continue to see improvement in that. Again, remember a lot of people are using Q20 here and scores that single-pass accuracy that will be used on from any with CE. In many applications, we'll then get a consensus average which, of course, if we fall higher than Q20.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: Great. And David, I got distracted for a moment when you're talking about the geographical growth in the space. Is there anything -- how did Europe do, Western Europe do, in this quarter?
David Hoffmeister: Western Europe actually did slightly better than it had been doing in the previous quarters. It was solidly middle digits, middle single-digit growth.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: And what were the big changes from, I think, some of its weakness you saw there, or just people a little bit more comfortable with budgets or were there any projects that have been delayed? Just -- can you give a little, qualitative?
David Hoffmeister: I think it was in both of those types of things. I think that the primary thing is that people have settled down from where they were with concerns about the budgets last year, and spending has returned to normal levels.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: And then next question, do you intend to use all of your repurchase authority this year?
David Hoffmeister: We haven't committed to that at this point, but as I've said, we intend to -- we've historically been aggressive in our buyback program and I don't think anything is going to change.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: Great. I'll get back in the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tony Butler with Barclays Capital.
Charles Butler - Barclays Capital: Just curious, Mark, today where you think the R&D dollars tend to be focused primarily. Is 1/3 still in sequencing, and what about the remainder? And then if I move forward, remind us how you think about R&D productivity and how you've been performing against your internal metrics? Thanks a lot.
Mark Stevenson: Yes, in terms of the breakdown of the spend, it's still pretty much about 1/3 is in sequencing, as we launch the 5500 product, as we scale up on the Ion Torrent platforms. So those 2 areas are getting investment. The secondary is across the sort of microbiology franchise, particularly as we refreshed the qPCR franchise as we're launching into digital PCR some of the innovations coming across there. And then the third area as we come in some of the what we broadly describe as some of the bench top devices, and we have a series of those launches planned. They really continue to capture the consumables, run rate into those devices during the -- Our metric on the return as being -- using an IRR metric. As I think we said in the last Analyst Day, we're currently getting mid-teens and IRR and a return on net investment. And our goal is to push that up into the high-teens as we go on to the next couple of years here.
Charles Butler - Barclays Capital: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Groberg with Macquarie.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: Maybe if I could add just a little bit more on Ion Torrent. Have you started shipping the 316 chips yet or when are those set to ship?
Mark Stevenson: The 316 is, with a couple of early access customers at the moment. We have them in our internal labs, and they'll be going into full shipment as we come to the end of the second quarter.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: Okay. And given what you have in the installed base, are you willing or getting any kind of insight as to kind of what, there are daily or weekly run rate that you're getting on the PGM?
Mark Stevenson: Well, they really just started ramping up but we gave an estimate for the year on the consumable usage...
Eileen Pattinson: $80,000.
Mark Stevenson: $80,000 approximately a year, and we expect some pull-through from the units.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: So you haven't seen anything as they have been more out in the field that would have you change that number?
Mark Stevenson: No, we've seen very rapid adoption, I mean, really the faster run time allows customers to iterate very fast, and we're continuing to see good adoption as we get the units in customers' hands.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then just last one on this. On the -- for the 5% to 7% constant currency growth guidance in the second quarter, is the only acquisition in that number going to be Ion Torrent?
Gregory Lucier: Yes, it's the only 1 of any significant size.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Wood with Jefferies.
Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, thanks. So David, are you willing to quantify the PCR royalty decline in the first quarter? And then I noticed you called it out the second quarter as well, any updated thoughts on kind of that royalty line for the year for 2011?
David Hoffmeister: No, we haven't broken it out by quarter, Jon. But what we have said is in 2011, the royalty decline is $20 million, associated with qPCR. As we've also said, we've got a group that last year, was able to more than offset the $15 million decline that we had last year. And so they're basically working away to try and offset it at this point. But I don't have anything that -- or prepared to issue publicly and then update at this stage.
Eileen Pattinson: Jon, well, this is Eileen. I can tell you that the decline that we had in Q1 was in line with our expectations.
Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks. Last one. David, the cash on the balance sheet, so I'm just thinking about the bond that could, or that may or may not be called. Is all -- relatively all of that $700 million or so, is that accessible by you guys at this point or are there foreign kind of repatriation issues with it?
David Hoffmeister: No, we don't have any foreign repatriation issues. We have about $18 million that's restricted, that's left over from some covenants associated with the applied Biosystems acquisition. But other than that, all of that cash is available to us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Bhalla with Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: On the Ion Torrent PGM, I was hoping you could just give us a little more detail in terms of the early customers that are buying or ordering the product. Is this market expansion that you're seeing or are these early adopters coming from the existing customer base?
Mark Stevenson: Yes, Amit, I think we've seen a mix of both. I mean we're seeing some of the large genome centers who have already called us, with instruments, that are interested to try the new technology. There is a part of the live rescreening or as part of validation or [indiscernible] technology that they already have. We're also seeing with smaller universities now democratizing this technology, they're getting into it, both here in the U.S. In Europe, we so a good uptake. We sold into some of the Latin American countries as well. So we're seeing an expansion of the market of next-generation sequencing. These are typically molecular biology labs that we may have visited already and were using perhaps PCR and other molecular biology but hadn't yet made the move into next-generation sequencing. They also, perhaps, might have been an already customer, being easier to use, and so we've seen that switch of [indiscernible] and the adoption of the next-generation sequencing in those newer customers to us.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: I mean, Mark, is it fair to say that right now, it's like 90% plus are existing customers, and the new market is still less than 10%?
Mark Stevenson: I would say, I mean, the existing customers to license, we have such a broad portfolio. The majority still probably had an existing next-generation system, but it wasn't as high as 90%. We had a number of -- and have a large pipeline of new customers to next-generation sequencing.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: Okay, thanks. And just a quick follow-up on food safety, is there -- can you just talk about what kind of impact you're seeing either in the U.S. or in Europe from food safety?
Gregory Lucier: Well, it's been a good business for us. It had double-digit growth in the quarter, and we're investing in lots of new assays for that business.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Thanks for taking the question. First up, in Cell Systems, your growth there has obviously been in double-digits the last few quarters, as I think a few other people mentioned. I am wondering can you maybe spend a little more time there and identify if anything has really changed in the underlying volume or pricing dynamics in that business? As we look at the long term, you guys have guided sort of mid- to high-single-digits, so I am wondering if that is still the right way to look at the growth in that business?
Gregory Lucier: That business has benefited from, I'd say, the last 4 to 5 years of focusing very intently on key drugs in development and winning the media to be on those drugs, and we're now harvesting that work in that several drugs that have been approved. We are the media source for them. And so you're seeing that high double-digit growth now take place.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. Okay. And then maybe just looking over to the diagnostic side of the business, hasn't gotten a lot of focus on this call but certainly a sizeable area of interest. And if you look at sort of building it over time, how do you look at prioritizing the acquisition of either distribution reach or content -- versus content?
Gregory Lucier: Well, we realized that we will be building out the distribution reach for whether it's qPCR platform and then content or CE platform and content or we think Ion Torrent, as Mark was describing earlier, is going to be an important device in the clinic. We have a good, albeit, smaller-in-size base from which to build in that, our HLA business, and the AcroMetrix acquisition we made a bit ago, gives us some mass from which to build some sales management in each of the key regions. And so that's where we're investing through the year to build that overall sales force and that presence in the clinical diagnostics market.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got you, okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our final question comes from Dan Leonard with Leerink Swann.
Daniel Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC: Thank you. I'll squeeze 1 in, plus 1 follow-up. First question -- and I'll fit them in the same sentence. The first question, is it the correct read that you won't be breaking out organic revenue growth in the next couple of quarters? And then my follow-up, you mentioned that Genetic Systems, excluding the comparable issues in Japan, was flat in the quarter. Does that reflect a dramatic slow down in your CE business? And if so, has anything incrementally changed on that front?
Gregory Lucier: So, well, let me start and see if I can answer your questions. No, it doesn't mean that we will not be sharing organic revenue growth. We intend to share organic revenue growth going forward, just as we have in the past. In terms of Genetic Systems, that growth rate adjusted for unusual onetime items, and the impact of Japan was flat. Our CE business actually grew, again, adjusted for onetime items in the first quarter of last year and low-single digits, which was in line with what has been growing after the last several quarters.
Daniel Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Eileen Pattinson: All right. This concludes our first quarter earnings conference call. If there are any additional questions, please feel free to contact me. The webcast will be available via a replay on our website for 3 weeks. Thank you again for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for participation in today's conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Peter Wilver - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Kenneth Apicerno - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Marc Casper - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank Dan Leonard - First Analysis Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co Daniel Leonard - First Analysis Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Valerie Dixon Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Charles Butler - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth Apicerno: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Pete Wilver, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the heading Webcasts and Presentations, until March 4, 2011. A copy of the press release of our fourth quarter 2010 earnings and future expectations is available on our website under the heading Financial Results. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 2, 2010, under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available in the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during the call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our fourth quarter 2010 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Results. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our recap of the 2010 fourth quarter and full year. On the call, we also look forward to outlining our guidance for 2011. Let me start by saying that I'm pleased to tell you that we achieved our growth goals for the year. We outlined our key objectives back in May at our Analyst Meeting, all in support of our primary goal, to accelerate EPS growth. As you saw in our press release, we delivered record adjusted EPS in 2010, exceeding the high end of our annual guidance by $0.04. We executed well on our operating plans while continuing to make the strategic investments and technology development in emerging markets that we believe will contribute to an even stronger future for Thermo Fisher. This combination, in addition to our ability to deploy capital, gives us a competitive advantage and reinforces our position as the industry leader. We expect to continue our trend of delivering excellent EPS growth, as you can see in our 2011 guidance, which I'll cover later in my remarks. Before I discuss our performance for the full year in more detail, let me touch on the highlights of the fourth quarter. We reported record adjusted EPS in the quarter with a 10% increase to $1 per share. We generated good adjusted operating margin expansion coming in at 40 basis points improvement to 18.4%. I'm also pleased to report that we had strong double-digit growth in Q4 in China and India. In fact, in the quarter, China became our third largest country in terms of revenue behind the U.S. and Germany. We also saw continued strengthening of industrial markets in the quarter and delivered strong growth in applied markets such as environmental and food safety.  Turning to the year in a bit more detail, adjusted earnings per share grew 17% to a record $3.57, versus $3.05 in 2009. As I did last quarter, I'd like to focus on the three key drivers of our 2010 EPS performance. One is top line revenue growth, the second is operational excellence and the third is disciplined capital deployment. So first, let me cover the top line revenue growth. Revenues for the year grew 7% to $10.8 billion compared with $10.1 billion a year ago. In our Analytical Technologies segment, our Scientific and Process Instruments businesses benefited particularly from strength in applied markets and the global industrial recovery. Our new products in molecular spectroscopy and handheld instruments really hit the mark with rapid adoption by our customers for QA/QC testing and security screening applications. I'll talk in a few moments about how the new food safety bill in the U.S. and increased awareness globally should create further growth opportunities for us as a result of the need for better testing. Sales of our clinical diagnostic products within the segment remained strong throughout the year, including our biomarker test kits, which came with the B.R.A.H.M.S. acquisition. In our Lab Products and Services segment, we had solid contributions from both our Equipment and Consumables businesses in 2010, highlighted by some key wins from major university customers. One final comment on our revenue growth overall. It was nice to see strong contributions again this year from our largest customer accounts, which continue to grow faster than the company average. We have demonstrated this level of performance at these accounts since the merger four years ago. Our approach here actually applies to a much broader set of customers. So going forward, we'll talk more about the value proposition in that context.  Our second EPS growth driver is operational excellence. And that continues to give us the advantage of fully leveraging our revenue growth to deliver excellent bottom line results. Our teams were determined to achieve their goals in 2010 and their solid execution of our operating plans made it possible. I'm extremely proud of their accomplishments, and let me give you a few highlights.  First, we increased the use of PPI and PPI Lean tools to improve our processes and productivity and strengthen our global competitive position. Second, continuing to rationalize our global footprint by completing a number of facility consolidations during the year, eight of which were factories. Last, carefully targeting our spending to make investments that will create the most value for our customers. We increased our total R&D investment in 2010 by over $40 million or 20 basis points year-over-year to strengthen our leadership position and innovation. Our previous investments led to a number of successful thermoscientific product launches in 2010, including our TSQ Quantum XLS triple quad instrument for environmental and food safety analysis. Our new benchtop GP 1-liter and 3-liter centerpiece platform for greatly improved laboratory productivity, which has done extremely well in helping us gain share. And we also introduced new Consumables and bioreagents for our biotech customers doing cell-based research.  Turning to emerging markets, I've already highlighted our strong results in Asia Pacific during the quarter and the year. We continue to invest to expand in this important growth market. Our new China Technology Center, which we opened in August is up and running, and we are well on our way to developing the products geared for the local market. With our broad offerings, our prospects in the region continue to grow, as China's economic focus evolves, from infrastructure to environment to consumer safety to life sciences research. In 2011, we expect to build our presence in other emerging global markets as well, such as in South America. We plan to expand our commercial operations in Brazil, for example, which is now the eighth largest economy in the world. Even with these significant investments in R&D and global expansion, we achieved a 12% increase in adjusted operating income year-over-year for 80 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion.  Our third key contributor to EPS growth, effective capital deployment, continues to provide us with multiple avenues for creating shareholder value. In 2010, we deployed a total of $1.6 billion on share buybacks and complementary acquisitions. We significantly stepped up our share buyback program during the year. In fact, we invested just over $1 billion to repurchase nearly 21 million shares. In the fourth quarter alone, we spent $350 million to repurchase almost 7 million of our shares. At the end of the year, we had $488 million remaining under our existing buyback authorization. We also deployed $600 million to complete 11 acquisitions in 2010. These acquisitions added complementary technologies and expanded our presence in attractive markets. As you know, in December, we announced our agreement to acquire Dionex for $2.1 billion. It's been over a month since we talked about it, so let me remind you of our rationale for this exciting transaction. Dionex is a leading provider of chromatography systems with a very strong track record of technology innovation. By combining their ion and liquid chromatography capabilities with our existing chromatography offering, we will create an industry-leading chromatography portfolio for our customers. Of course, this will benefit our leading position in mass spectrometry as well and vice versa. The technology combination, alone, creates a compelling value proposition. What makes it even more so, is that it strengthens our presence in highly attractive markets. We stand to benefit from Dionex's extensive customer base in applied markets such as environmental, food safety and other industrial sectors. And with more than 35% of their revenues in Asia/Pacific and other emerging geographies, Dionex fits perfectly with our strategy of expansion in these high-growth regions. I just visited Sunnyvale a couple of weeks ago to meet with the Dionex employees and management. There's certainly a lot of excitement and enthusiasm about becoming part of Thermo Fisher. I'm pleased to report that the integration planning is well underway. As you know, we cleared U.S. antitrust in early January.  In Europe, we're seeking to transfer jurisdiction to the European Commission rather than having to file for regulatory approvals in multiple countries. The timeline in Europe will likely take the closing into early Q2. So we're focused on accelerating our long-term growth and strengthening our industry leadership by deploying our cash flow and by putting our balance sheet to work. I'd like to now highlight a key growth theme within the company as I did in Q3. The intent here is to demonstrate how our ongoing investments lead to new growth opportunities for Thermo Fisher by collectively driving our revenue growth, leveraging our unique depth of capabilities across the company and fulfilling our mission, which is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Last quarter, I talked about moving advanced technologies from the lab to the line and to the field. Today, I want to highlight our opportunities in food safety testing. In light of the new legislation that we passed a month ago in the U.S. This is good news for Thermo Fisher because it will increase the need for testing in an already attractive food safety market. Not only in the U.S., but worldwide. The Food Safety Modernization Act is a step forward in restoring public confidence in the integrity of our food supply. Essentially, it replaces doubt and uncertainty with accountability and testing protocols to ensure that our food, whether domestic or imported, is safe. The median impact us twofold. First, it authorizes the Food and Drug Administration to increase monitoring and auditing processes, access records of food producers and recall tainted products. Second, it enables the FDA to establish procedures to protect our food supplies from terrorists and reduce the likelihood of intentional tampering. So what does this mean for us? It means that we can strengthen our position in this growing market by helping our customers comply with the new rules. Thousands of U.S.-based of food production plants registered with the FDA will be required to develop methods to rapidly and effectively track and trace contaminated food to its point of origin. We could help these producers avoid recalls that hurt their profitability and put their brands at risk. Our Analytical Instruments business stands to benefit most from the new law, mainly our leading mass spec systems and our chromatography offerings, which will be significantly enhanced by the acquisition of Dionex. More specifically, our turbo flow technologies enable food testing labs to improve productivity by lowering the cost per sample analyzed. We are currently working with the FDA to use this technique to screen for hundreds of pesticide residues simultaneously. We have also developed non-targeted screening methods using our extract high-resolution benchtop mass spectrometer. This system brings the power of mass analysis to a price point that enables efficiency in routine analysis. In addition, there will likely be an increase in the use of our hand-held analytical instruments for authenticating packaged food. And new laboratory standards for accreditation will require more robust quality systems, which will present opportunities for our leading LIMS software platform. Tracing the origin of food from the farm to the table will produce enormous amounts of data. An automated system for data storage and retrieval will become the standard rather than the exception in many existing labs and production facilities. Finally, new microbiology kits and methods will be required for the testing of pathogens in food, creating opportunities for us there as well. With large percentages of the U.S. food supply being imported, there'll, no doubt, be a carryover benefit in other global markets such as Europe, Japan and China. As you know, we opened our food safety response center in Germany in April 2010, and we'll continue to use this new resource to develop testing methods in response to food crises around the world. This is a great example of the growth opportunity that we can capitalize on as a result of our leadership position from a technology perspective as well as our market presence around the world.  Before I wrap up, let me summarize our annual guidance for 2011, which you saw on our press release. Pete will go into more details over his remarks, including the key assumptions we're factoring in, but I'll review them at a high level. We expect to achieve a range of $4 to $4.10 in adjusted EPS for 2011. This would be 12% to 15% growth over our excellent results in 2010. I want to point out that this does not yet include the anticipated accretion from our acquisition of Dionex. We expect to achieve 2011 revenues for the full year in the range of $11.33 billion to $11.45 billion. This would lead to 5% to 6% revenue growth over 2010. Before I hand the call over to Pete, let me summarize my remarks this morning with a few key points. We successfully executed our plans to deliver a strong 2010. We remain focused on accelerating our adjusted EPS growth. We are well-positioned to deliver on our growth goals for 2011. Now I'll turn the call over to Pete Wilver. Pete?
Peter Wilver: Thanks, Marc. Good morning, everyone. As Marc said, we're pleased to report another quarter of strong adjusted earnings per share, with 10% year-over-year growth to a fourth quarter record of $1, compared to $0.91 last year. For the full year, adjusted EPS was a record $3.57, up 17% from $3.05 last year. GAAP EPS in Q4 was $0.75, up 15% from $0.65 in the prior year's quarter. And GAAP EPS for the full year was $2.53, up 26% from $2.01 last year.  Moving onto our top-line performance. Q4 reported revenue decreased 2% year-over-year to $2.78 billion. In the quarter, we picked up a 2% benefit from acquisitions and foreign exchange was a negative 1%, resulting in a 3% decline organically. Excluding the flu, Biosite and calendar headwinds that we highlighted on our last quarter's call, our Q4 organic growth was positive 3%, consistent with our expectations. Full year reported revenues increased 7% year-over-year to $10.79 billion. For the year, we added 2.5% from acquisitions and FX was essentially flat, so organic revenues grew more than 4%. Excluding flu and Biosite for the full year, organic revenue growth was 6%. We continue to strengthen our backlog with bookings exceeding revenues by 1% in both the quarter and the full year. Moving on to the segments. In Analytical Technologies, Q4 revenues grew 4% on a reported basis and 2% organically. We saw a strong growth in our Specialty Diagnostics businesses, including our Biomarker business in the quarter. In our Instruments businesses, especially those serving industrial and applied markets continued to deliver strong year-over-year growth. For the full year, Analytical Technologies grew 11% on a reported basis and 6% organically. Turning to the Laboratory Products and Services segment, Q4 revenues declined 6% on a reported basis and 5% organically. In the quarter, we say strong growth in our laboratory equipment offset by a decline in consumables related to flu, Biosite and the calendar. For the full year, revenues in Laboratory Products and Services grew 4% on both the reported and organic basis. By geography, in Q4, we saw a high-single digit organic growth in Asia Pacific, with both China and India going over 20%. North America and Europe so a mid single-digit declines compared to the prior year. And rest of the world grew in the low-double digits from a relatively small base. For the full year, North America grew in the mid-single digits, Europe in the low-single digits, Asia Pac near 10%, and the rest of the world in the mid-teens. Turning to adjusted operating income. We had strong bottom line results with Q4 adjusted operating income of $511 million, up slightly compared to the prior year on lower revenue. Adjusting operating margin was 18.4%, up 40 basis points from 18% in the year-ago quarter. The year-over-year margin expansion was driven by strong cost productivity from our practical process improvement, global sourcing and restructuring initiatives. And we continued to see nice accretion in the quarter from our recent acquisitions. These gains were partially offset by the investments we're making in R&D and commercial resources to support growth, primarily in Asia. For the full year, adjusted operating margin increased to 17.8%, up 80 basis points year-over-year and at the high-end we gave at our Analyst Meeting back in May. This is a significant achievement given the level of investments we funded this year to position the company for future growth. By segment, Q4 adjusted operating income in Analytical Technologies increased by 6% year-over-year. Adjusted operating margin was 22.2%, up 40 basis points versus 21.8% last year, driven by strong cost productivity and slightly higher pricing. For the full year, Analytical Technologies' adjusted operating margin increased 110 basis points to 21.3%. Turning to our Laboratory Products and Services segment, Q4 adjusted operating income decreased by 5% year-over-year. Adjusted operating margin was 14.2%, up 10 basis points on the year-ago quarter with strong cost productivity more than offsetting growth investments and lower revenues. For the full year, Laboratory Products and Services' adjusted operating margin increased 20 basis points to 13.9%. Moving onto the details of the P&L. Total company adjusted gross margin was 43.2% in Q4, up 170 basis points from the year-ago quarter. This robust margin expansion was primarily driven by strong cost productivity and the positive impact of our recent acquisitions. For the full year, adjusted gross margin was 42.5%, up 140 basis points from 41.1% in the prior year. Adjusted SG&A in Q4 was 22% of revenue, of 90 basis points from the year-ago quarter. For the full year, it was 22.1%, an increase of 40 basis points primarily as a result of the strategic growth investments and acquisitions. R&D expense was 2.8% of revenue in Q4, up 40 basis points from last year. For the full year, it was 2.7%, an increase of 20 basis points or $40 million, reflecting our commitment to invest in technology development to expand our new product pipeline for future growth. Moving below the line. Our Q4 net interest expense decreased $10 million year-over-year to $16 million, driven by lower interest expense as a result of our debt refinancing initiatives. Adjusted other income was a gain of $1 million, up $3 million from last year. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 19.6%, down 40 basis points from last year and down 190 basis points from our previous guidance, primarily as a result of the U.S. R&D tax credit being extended in December. For the full year, our adjusted tax rate was 20.7%, up 70 basis points from 2009, primarily as a result of higher income at marginal rates.  As Marc mentioned, we used $350 million of our cash to buy back 6.9 million shares during the quarter. And for the full year, we spent slightly more than $1 billion on buybacks against our total authorization of $1.5 billion. So we have $488 million less to spend in our current authorization. Average diluted shares were $399 million in the quarter, down $23 million or 6% from last year, reflecting the benefit of our 2010 share buyback program as well as the redemption of $325 million of our convertible debt earlier in the year. For the full year, average diluted shares were $409 million, down $13 million or 3% from 2009. We continued to maintain a strong balance sheet and deliver solid cash flow performance this quarter. Full-year free cash flow from continuing ops was $1.24 billion after deducting net capital expenditures of $255 million. As expected, this was down about $200 million from 2009, primarily as a result of incremental investment and working capital to support higher revenues and higher capital expenditures partially offset by higher earnings. We ended the quarter with $926 million in cash and investments, down $13 million from Q3 as free cash flow in the quarter was offset by cash use for share buybacks and acquisitions closed during the quarter. Our total debt was $2.14 billion, down slightly from Q3. With regard to working capital, we saw a good sequential improvement this quarter. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding were 49 days, down 3 days sequentially from the previous quarter, and inventory days of supply were 67 days, also down 3 days from Q3. Moving on to our guidance for 2011. We're initiating adjusted EPS guidance of $4 to $4.10, which represents 12% to 15% growth over our 2010 adjusted EPS of $3.57. In terms of revenue, we expect to achieve 2011 revenues in the range of $11.33 billion to $11.45 billion, which represents growth of 5% to 6% compared to our 2010 reported revenues of $10.79 billion. This guidance includes about 0.75% growth from completed acquisitions, and it excludes the pending acquisition of Dionex, as well as any other potential future acquisitions or divestitures. It also presumes present foreign currency exchange rates, which would have a favorable impact of about 0.75% on our revenue growth. Consistent with past practice, we haven't attempted to forecast future foreign currency exchange rates. On an organic basis, the midpoint of our revenue guidance represents about 4% growth. Keep in mind that we still have about a percentage point of revenue headwind this year as a result of the Biosite and Japan stimulus revenues we received last year. Both of these occurred in the first half of the year, with the Japan stimulus only affecting Q1. So when you look at the year from a revenue growth perspective, Q1 has a tough comparison, and we expect organic revenues to be essentially flat. For the rest of the year, we should be in the mid-single digit range with accelerating growth as the year progresses.  To give you a little more detail on our earnings guidance, we're expecting adjusted operating margin expansion of 50 to 80 basis points compared to 2010. Positive contributors to our margin expansion will be: Pull-through on organic revenue growth at marginal rates; PPI and PPI Lean, as well as low cost region manufacturing; global sourcing including low-cost region sourcing; the full year benefit of our restructuring actions in 2010, as well as incremental actions in 2011; and moderate price increases comparable to the environment we experienced in 2010. These benefits will be somewhat offset by: Salary increases and other inflation; and the full year impact or run rate of the investments we made in 2010 in a few key strategic areas to strengthen our depth of capabilities and drive future growth; in R&D, to accelerate long-term growth, primarily in our a Mass Spectrometry, Specialty Diagnostics and Biosciences businesses; in selling and marketing, primarily in emerging markets, but also to drive our new product launches; and in information technology, primarily related to e-business.  Moving below the line, we're expecting net interest expense to be about flat year-over-year. Our adjusted income tax rate is forecasted to be in the range of 21% to 22%, up slightly from 20.7% in 2010, primarily as a result of higher income and marginal rates. And full year average diluted shares are estimated to be in the range of $390 million to $395 million, down 4% to 5% from 2010, which it seems that we'll use the remaining $488 million of our current share buyback authorization through its expiration on September 8, 2011. Finally, we expect free cash flow to be in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion after deducting net capital expenditures of $280 million to $310 million. In interpreting our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance ranges, as I've said in the past, you should focus on the midpoint as our most likely view of how we see 2011 playing out. Results above or below the midpoint will depend on the relative strength of our markets during the year. So in summary, 2010 was a great year for us, operationally and financially. We successfully delivered our plan and met or exceeded our targets for the year. I believe we're well-positioned to achieve our growth goals in 2011 and I'm excited about our prospects for the long term. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from the line of John Groberg, Macquarie.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: Marc, would you mind, obviously in this quarter, there's a lot of noise though with the fewer number of days and some things that you've characterized pretty well, and as you go into next year, Pete has outlined some of the headwinds. Could you just kind of step back and talk, I guess, about just kind of the end markets and kind of compare them how you're seeing them, I guess, today, you have the balance. Then Marc, as you discussed, I do know if you want to talk about them from that perspective. And then maybe kind of your view as you enter into 2011 how you envision these markets performing in 2011 as well? Just give us a sense as to how you actually see these markets, currently, despite a lot of these pluses and minuses that are coming in to your specific results?
Marc Casper: Sure. John, as you look at the end markets, let me start with Industrial, and that's clearly a great story. We're seeing the benefit of the gradually improving market throughout the year, and we saw very strong growth in the quarter and for the full year. Organic growth in industrial is well above the company average. For us, we're seeing increased demand for more QA/QC products broadly, particularly benefiting from nice new product launches that we've had in molecular spectroscopy and portable instrumentation to meet the needs of our customers in the industrial applications. Healthcare, which is where you're going to have the most noise in the numbers. If you normalize that for flu and Biosite, growth was in line with the company average, and we continue to do well with our healthcare customers. We're very pleased with how our Clinical Diagnostics business is performing. We're very excited about the performance of B.R.A.H.M.S., which we closed in October of 2009. That business' outlook is very bright and it clearly is -- it was a very good acquisition for us. Obviously, the comps are going to get easier for us in 2011 in Healthcare as we don't have the H1N1 comparison and Biosite will go away in the second half. Academic and Government, pretty consistent throughout the year. We had some very good wins in lab equipment, as our customers are taking advantage of the very broad range of capabilities we have there, so we've done some equipping out of large, new laboratories at major universities. That's been really positive. Probably the only thing I would mention as a reminder is that in the Academic and Government segment, in Q1 of 2010, we had a $50 million set of orders from Japan, in terms of stimulus funds, which will make that a tough comparison. But other than that, we see Academic and Government being pretty stable and consistent. In terms of Biopharma, that was similar throughout the year. Our bioprocess production products continue to do very well, as we're seeing a meaningful transition from a kind of stainless steel manufacturing to a sterile manufacturing environment. That's good for our Media and Disposable Plastics business in particular.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: On revenues, again, for next year, to you Marc, but just to make certain, the acquisitions, the 0.75%, the ones I see primarily for next year are a noble way of prosing-on Fermentas in loan because you're not including Dionex, and all of those, all in, are going to be about 0.75%, is that what you said in terms of 2011?
Marc Casper: The specific list is out on our website on our reconciliation package, but yes, the 0.75% is the past acquisitions and divestitures.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Ross Muken, Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG: So in terms of the operating margin line, it looks like you had some pretty good pull through in the quarter despite obviously in the headwinds you've had on the top line. I know, Pete, you gave some commentary as we head into next year. What are the biggest, sort of, puts and takes in terms of the ability to get sort of leverage in line with what we've seen historically from the business in sort of the 50 to 100 basis points area? Is it maybe some potential pressures on the raw material side? Is it the salary increases? Where do we have the biggest variability in terms of where we could be better or worse in that range?
Peter Wilver: Well, the biggest variability really comes from the top line. The productivity initiatives that we drive, that is something that we're doing no matter what's going on in the economy. So we're driving that and that generates around 2% or 200 basis points of margin expansion year-over-year, and that offsets the inflation that we see in the investments that we're making. And then the rest really comes down to pull through on organic growth. Certainly, if we saw differences in the top line, the investments are, at some level, discretionary, obviously, so we could manage that. But primarily, the productivity is offsetting inflation in investments.
Marc Casper: Ross, we're in a good rhythm with the operating margin expansion. If you look at it this year, we increased margins by 80 basis points and still allowed us to significantly increase R&D and Asian expansion. You look at next year's guidance range, were at 50 to 80 basis points of margin expansion again and we feel good about the momentum we have there.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG: And in terms of the Dionex acquisition, where are we in terms of what your current sort of preferences in terms of how to finance that deal in terms of how you -- given the favorable depth markets, how you're thinking about kind of the capital structure on a go-forward basis?
Peter Wilver: Ross, we haven't really changed our view on the financing. We said we would fund it with debt and the interest cost would be something in the range of 3% to 3.5%. Those assumptions are still consistent. We, most likely, will prefund the acquisition just to make sure that we lock into the current favorable rates.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG: So just in terms of your comments on the interest expense and for the guidance, I mean, that's not inclusive of the potential financing of that to occur at some point in the first part of the year?
Peter Wilver: No, it does include the assumption that we'll prefund the acquisition.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Dan Leonard, Leerink Swann.
Daniel Leonard - First Analysis: I want to better understand your thinking on the top line forecast for 2011. So it looks like you're expecting, even when you back out all of the temporary gymnastics from both 2010 and 2011, that you're expecting some softening of the organic growth rate in 2011 from 2010 levels. I guess, can you guide me through your thinking behind that expectation at the midpoint?
Marc Casper: We don't think too much about these gymnastics, Dan. But we're trying to make this as clear as possible. If you look at 2010, and you just take out flu and Biosite, which is noise in the system, we grew 6%, in terms of organic growth. When you look at 2011, the midpoint of our guidance when you take out the headwind is 5%, so there's a 1 point Delta. What's the 1 point Delta? It's just comparisons, right? If you look at it, the 6% was versus a negative 3%, which was the 2009 numbers. The 5% growth is versus really the positive momentum we had in 2010. So it's a much harder comparison. We're effectively saying that we're going to grow at the same rate. So we're actually getting increasingly bullish in terms of what the end markets look like and what the world holds.
Dan Leonard - First Analysis: Marc, you mentioned that you're broadening your approach you've taken with your top accounts to more accounts. What does that mean?
Peter Wilver: What that means is, we have, over the last four years, consistently grown with our large accounts, faster than the company average. We've learned a lot about how to do standardization programs, how to utilize our very deep set of capabilities. We're going to be using those capabilities for a broader set of customers going forward. We've experimented with a number of things over the years. And as I talk about performance in 2011, I'll be talking more broadly, not just about top customers, but how we're doing in the marketplaces and gaining market share.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Amit Bhalla, Citi.
Valerie Dixon: This is Valerie Dixon actually in for Amit. I was wondering if you could dive a little deeper into your Pharma end markets. Have you seen any consistency You said that you're working with the FDA on some sort of testing guidelines. What do you expect in terms of implementation of the food safety bill and the timeline for you guys to finalize some of your familiar discussions with the FDA and perhaps when do you expect to see some revenue contribution from your handheld instruments and other instruments that would serve that market?
Marc Casper: When you look at the implementation guidelines that are in effect, it's typically about an 18-month window that food producers have to be getting in compliance. So that means that you'll likely see some benefit late this year and into 2012 in terms of timeframe for when would you would expect to see an incremental opportunity from food safety beyond the strong momentum that exist in those markets today.
Valerie Dixon: In the North America region, what would you expect to have happen to return this region to growth?
Marc Casper: In terms of North America, obviously the business grew during the course of the year and we're seeing the benefits of a recovering economy. In a particular quarter, you're going to have flu and Biosite are North American, that's [indiscernible] 100% where that happened, so the comparison makes North America have the headwind, but that's not anything I'd read into. North America is doing fine.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Marshall Urist, Morgan Stanley.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: First one, just for Pete on gross margin in 2011. How much improvement should we be looking for next year and maybe some of the major, major drivers there and beyond the top line, that could make things a little bit better, a little bit worse?
Peter Wilver: In terms of gross margin, if you look at the midpoint of our guidance, I gave 50 to 80 basis points as the margin expansion for EBITDA. So the midpoint is around 65 or so basis points. The way that splits out is about 100 basis points of gross margin expansion, so comparable to what we did in 2010, and then probably about 20 basis points of dilution in SG&A. Again, I mentioned the run rate of the expenditures that we put in place in 2010 and about 15 basis points in R&D. So that's how it splits out to the three categories. The key drivers in gross margin expansion, as I mentioned, are really PPI, PPI Lean, low-cost region manufacturing, global sourcing, low-cost region sourcing and restructuring, all the things that we normally do to drive our productivity. So a lot of those benefits fall into the gross margin category.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: And then just one other one for me. I know you referred to kind of the organic growth picture improving over the year. So given kind of where you stand today and looking at what you're seeing on the industrial end markets, and obviously, some of the other major geographies, where would you expect to sort of to be exiting the year? Would that be kind of over the second half, should we be thinking more on par sort of in this fixed range with 2010?
Peter Wilver: You're talking about the quarterly phasing of organic growth?
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Exactly. So if things are getting better over the year, kind of where should we expect to be finishing or where should we expect to be by the second half?
Peter Wilver: I would say the second half would be in the higher end of the mid-single digits to the lower end of high-single digits.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Paul Knight, CLSA.
Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Marc, you ever wish you were in gene sequencing instrumentation?
Marc Casper: Only in the sense of the weather is better in Florida where the conference is than it is in the Northeast. But no, to really answer the question, I'm very comfortable with our portfolio. Clearly, gene sequencing, there's a lot of activity going on, but it's a pretty crowded field and it's one that we benefit by being a supplier to most of those companies. We supply reagents, we supply technology and we're happy with our position.
Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: When you see all the genomes that will be done this year, what's your read through? Is it significant enough on the products you provide that it adds to growth and I guess this activity continues in the years ahead?
Marc Casper: Yes. I mean, we get a little bit of a benefit from the expansion of sequencing, from the way we participate in that market.
Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Did you talk about geographies and growth?
Marc Casper: We did. And Pete, if you want us to rehash, we can go through the...
Peter Wilver: Are you talking about forward look or backward look?
Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Just the quarter, Pete.
Charles Butler - Barclays Capital: In terms of the quarter, it's Asia Pac in the high-single digits and then North America and Europe in mid-single digit declines, because of the calendar and flu and Biosite, as Marc mentioned. For the full year, which is probably a better way to look at it, North America in the mid-single digits, Europe in the low-single digits and Asia Pac around 10%.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Tycho Peterson, JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I just want to follow up on your comments earlier-on on Pharma. The news out of Pfizer yesterday wasn't so positive on R&D talking about $1 billion to $2 billion in cost cuts. Can you just talk a little bit about what your dialogue is like with Pharma now? And do you have to kind of step up your initiatives here? In the past, you had also talked about a more strategic deal with Lilly. So are you seeing interest also in kind of a longer-term, more strategic deals from Pharma as they look to consolidate the channel?
Marc Casper: Yes, I mean, obviously, when a customer segment is going to change, one could view it as negative or positive, for us it's positive. We are so much larger than anybody else with these customers. We have better access. We have more capabilities. Our adoptive capabilities here is incredible. So we help our customers meet those challenges. And as companies are going through those changes, we're working with them to meet their goals. And we have a number of examples where we have active dialogue about helping them meet meaningful productivity goals. And for us, we're very well-equipped to help them do that, and that's a share gain opportunity for us that we're focused on capitalizing on.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So then as we think about your broader portfolio, obviously, there's been some discussion about Athena and Lancaster labs. Can you just talk either on that type of divestitures, specifically, or how you look at opportunities to trim the portfolio?
Marc Casper: In terms of a theme and Lancaster, we really don't comment on speculation in the press. So I'm going to leave that one aside. And that's just consistent with all of our policies on speculation. In terms of more divestitures and how we think about it, we periodically review the portfolio to make sure that we have the best portfolio and that we're creating shareholder value by owning the various things that we own. And every once and while, we'll sell something that's small where we think it's better owned by somebody else. But we have a good managing process with our good businesses.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: On capital deployment, post Dionex, can you talk about potentially your willingness to do another deal, what kind of ROIC targets you'll be looking at and how you could look to lever up if needed beyond closing Dionex deal?
Marc Casper: So in terms of the capital deployment strategy, it's going to continue to be a blend of return of capital through buybacks as well as acquisitions, provided they meet our criteria, which has strengthened the strategic position of the company, enhancing our offering from a customer perspective and clearly, creating shareholder value so that we have ROIC's well above our cost of capital, in that metric. Dionex, as I've mentioned in the past, really just is part of one division within one of our groups. So from a management bandwidth perspective, we have plenty of bandwidth if the right acquisitions were available that met our criteria. So if we see one that we feel good about, it will do them. And if there's one that if we don't see a pipeline at that point in the year, we won't. And obviously 2010 was a really good year in terms of M&A. There's lots of good activity and we'll continue to look for the right opportunities.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Doug Schenkel, Cowen and Company.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible] for Doug. Just quickly on pricing in the quarter, just asking how things are trending both in Instruments and Consumables and any market commentary is helpful. And then, similarly, looking through 2011, what you're expectations are?
Marc Casper: So pricing in the fourth quarter was pretty similar to the third quarter: Consumable, stronger; instruments, a little bit more competitive. For the full year, for the company, we had just under 1% price. For 2011, were looking and anticipating very similar market conditions to 2010.
Unidentified Analyst: You guys talked a little bit earlier this year about opening an office in Brazil and ROW had a nice growth this quarter. When we think of emerging markets outside of China, maybe just some commentary on and expectations there. And is that going to become, I guess, a bigger part of the business going forward?
Marc Casper: When you look at where we're focused, we've been building out our Asian presence pretty dramatically, and that's China, India. China is our biggest priority, then India. A number of the other Asian countries, Korea, Singapore, Malaysia are three examples where we've been building our presence. In terms of outside of that, probably Brazil is the only other one that's significant in terms of opportunity. The economy's obviously very strong. There's a big focus on alternative energy sources. When you're doing alternative energy production, typically, you're a large consumer of instrumentation, which is good for us. So there's not a long list of other countries you'll see us talking about in terms of emerging markets, but I think Brazil, at this point, merits inclusion with that group.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Jon Wood, Jefferies & Company.
Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Pete, could you quantify the flu and Biosite impacts. You separate them for the fourth quarter?
Peter Wilver: Flu was about negative $20 million and Biosite about negative $35 million when you offset it against the alternative supplier.
Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: That's a net number, $35 million?
Peter Wilver: Yes, net $35 million. So a total of about $55 million of headwind.
Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then the calendar was between 4% and 5%? Is that right?
Peter Wilver: It's around 4%. It's difficult to get that exact number, but it's about 4%.
Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then the next one is if you look at 2011 and you net out Japan, so I know that $50 million. But is there a net effect from stimulus on the business in '11 versus '10 when you take out the effects of Japan?
Peter Wilver: Yes, it's still a little bit additional decline above the $50 million of Japan. The reason we're calling out Japan is because it's $50 million in one quarter, so it's a pretty significant impact. Overall, stimulus is down more than the $50 million, but we are assuming that we'll make that up with other orders.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Isaac Ro, Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Marc, can you maybe address sort of your general outlook on hospital base trends in 2011 when we kind of normalize for the flu and Biosite? And specifically, are you seeing any notable changes in underlying patient volumes in the parts of your business that have exposure there? And as we look into 2011, any kind of a recovery here that would impact your business?
Marc Casper: So when you look at the healthcare customers, which is primarily our Clinical Diagnostics business. Once you normalize for flu and the Biosite transition, we see that as a mid-single digit growing business. We didn't see any significant effect from patient volume on the downside. So if that happened for other companies, I don't think it's going to be a big factor one way or another for us in 2011. We're looking at pretty stable trends in our healthcare customer base.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And maybe just secondly on the outlook for China. Is there any reason at saying that there would be tough comps in that region this year in the environmental testing business. Just given the Shanghai World Expo last year and some of the strength you've seen in the last couple of years, any reason to think that might change?
Marc Casper: When we look at our detailed plan for China, we feel good about the outlook for 2011. So obviously, you get some big orders in different parts of the business, but there's a good pipeline of other big orders going forward. So I feel like it will be okay in terms of our outlook there.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Quintin Lai, Robert W. Baird.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Any impact from the recent snowstorms, in terms of shipping phase to watch out for? And then second, some more broad-lined industrial companies have talked about, are they seeing any impact in inflation and cost of goods? And are you seeing anything on your side? Historically, I remember it hasn't been a big factor, but I just figured I'd ask just to see what you're seeing given the chatter that we've heard throughout this earnings season?
Marc Casper: First, on inflation, we're not seeing a big impact in our ability to offset any inflationary pressures. Our track record is good here, so we feel comfortable with the inflationary environment from a cost management perspective. From a snowstorm perspective, that's obviously not a positive. At this point, we're nothing seeing it being significant. It's obviously been an unusual first four weeks of the year if you leave in the Northeast, as certainly kids are spending a lot of time at home. That hasn't helped, but it's very early in the quarter. So I'm not worried about it at this point.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Derik De Bruin, UBS.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: So just to clarify. On the interest expense line, so if I understood your discussion with Ross, you're taking a hit on the interest expense by prefunding the Dionex deal and that's the Delta for basically being flat year-over-year. Correct?
Peter Wilver: That's correct.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: That's the biggest difference in my model.
Marc Casper: It's just the timing. You can't wait until the last second to close. You have to have the money in advance. So you're going to be out in front of it a little bit, Derik.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: And I guess, when you kind of look at some of the potential synergy opportunities for, particularly, with Dionex. I mean, could you talk a little bit about where they might have a benefit in terms of being more exposed on those markets than you? I mean although Thermo has a big catalog, you're still not as well-penetrated in some places as they could be. So just talk about it, what do you get from them when they're exploiting their distribution network.
Marc Casper: So really if you think about where we benefit from their presence is they have a very strong presence in environmental labs, right? So effectively, every environmental lab is going to have outlying chromatograph. And 30% of environmental labs are going to have a Thermo Scientific ICP. So there's 65% of those labs -- and by the way, every environmental lab has an ICP. So there's just some natural -- you've got a new customers set that you're going to be able to call on and over time, show our exquisite technology to those customers. That's a very obvious example. On the flip side, we're down. It's just going to benefit us, obviously, we have a huge penetration into all of the HPLC customers. They have great technology in HPLC and we'll be able to leverage that presence to help expand our HPLC business.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: What's your outlook on what's going on in Washington right now?
Marc Casper: So, NIH seems to be relatively protected. We're not obviously expecting a robust funding environment, but not big changes in '11 versus '10, that's how we're seeing it.
Operator: And that question will come from the line of Peter Lawson, Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Peter, I may have missed this, your outlook on gross margins. What was it for 2011? And was there any one-time effect in 4Q?
Peter Wilver: The outlook for gross margins was about 100 basis points of margin expansion and there's not really any one-time effects in Q4 in gross margin.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: And then regarding the new markets. Are there any new products we should be thinking about for, say, food safety or China or India?
Marc Casper: In terms of product launches. I mean, we're very excited about the ASMS Conference in the middle of the year for mass spectrometry. We expect it to be another great year for us. We're always launching new products all the time, so across the broad product portfolio, you're not going to go a month without something exciting. But I think ASMS will be a really great year for us, in terms of product launches. So let me just make a quick closing comment. First, thanks for joining us. 2010 was a great year, financially and operationally, and our performance positions us well to achieve our goals for 2011. Our industry leadership, coupled with our unique combination of growth investments, operational excellence and a strong balance sheet gives us many opportunities for creating shareholder value. Thanks again for joining us today and I look forward to updating you on our progress in subsequent calls.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you again for your participation. This does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Bernd Brust - President of Commercial Operations Eileen Pattinson - Senior Director of Investor Relations Mark Stevenson - President and Chief Operating Officer Gregory Lucier - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David Hoffmeister - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research Jeffrey Loo - S&P Equity Research Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Charles Butler - Barclays Capital
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: So first kind of a housekeeping. So what's the interest expense forecast for 2010? I guess, could you talk about -- I think you have some converts coming up in 2011, can you just talk about the debt claim plans and what you're expectations are for the converts?
Gregory Lucier: The first part of your question was the interest expense?
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: Yes, for 2010. I mean, another kind of pay downs of things. I'm just questioning where the expense numbers are coming out?
Gregory Lucier: So the interest expense is $110 million to $120 million. And then in terms of the converts, it obviously depends on the share price, but assuming the share price continues to rise, we would expect to retire or call those converts when they're due.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: And I guess I'm a little bit -- I think I'm a little bit surprised and certainly, that I think some of the investors are going to be surprised the fact that you're reporting double-digit growth in your SOLiD franchise. And I guess a couple of questions. Are you still on track throughout the SOLiD, the upgraded SOLiD, the hq, by the end of the year? Is the throughput commentary that you still have on that the same? I think it was a 200 g [ph] throughput per round there. And I guess, just where are those labs that you're placing new instruments in?
Mark Stevenson: First, just to confirm, actually it was a strong double-digit growth that we experienced in the quarter and it was the best quarter ever that we've have for SOLiD. So we've got great traction in that and saw that in the overall growth, actually like sequencing brand franchise it's not only solid you see but also strong sales of CE of the 3500. It's really across a range of labs. I mean, with regard to SOLiD, as I've mentioned in the first question, the appreciation of the accuracy is there in terms of both finding these rare mutations as I've said in the quote sort of needle in the haystack that accuracy matters. And so that's very much appreciated. That also translates into lower throughput cost when you're doing how much coverage you need. So that's one thing. On the second part of your question, we're very much on track to launch the systems. We'll give much more detail about that and our plans next week at ASHG and update you on where we are both on the platforms and throughput, and very much is an upgrade of old parts for all our customers. So they're coming with us on this journey. We've made tremendous improvement in the performance of the system, and they are coming with us on this journey as we carry on and get greater performance out of the system.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Marshall Urist. [Morgan Stanley]
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Just a big picture question on how you're kind of thinking about overall business trends. Typically, you guys talked about closing stronger sort of sequentially into the end of the year, both in terms of margin momentum and organic growth. So given the commentary that you've had, I guess, is there no change in sort of the sequential momentum that you're thinking about it purely a function of the tougher comp from last year? And I guess, on the margin side, sort of a similar question but sort of asking given some of the spending that you delayed this quarter, is some of that going to get pushed in the next quarter so we can kind of think about underlying margin momentum sort of improving sequentially, if we kind of share some of that spend between the two quarters.
David Hoffmeister: Right. So really, the commentary on the fourth quarter is nothing but the comparable issue. So as you know, fourth quarter is traditionally one of the larger ones of the overall year. It continues to be. And again, it just relates to the 2009 fourth quarter comp that we have. The way you think about margins is right on. They will increase, but it will be modulated somewhat by the increased spending that we'll have in the quarter on some of these projects.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: And then just one follow-up is just on the Molecular Biology Systems trends in the quarter, sort of flat organic, 4% without H1N1. Can you kind of talk about what the kind of biggest trends were there? And any sort of change from last quarter or over the first half, in terms of the sort of excluding H1N1 benefit but kind of the core business there?
Gregory Lucier: I think the only commentary about that piece of the business was it was probably more than any other part of our company impacted by the information technology project we had in Asia and the overall -- a little slower growth we had in Asia in the quarter. So again, fourth quarter, we expect Asia to snap back into the high-double digits again, and you'll see that business snap back up to higher organic growth as well.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Charles Butler. [Barclays Capital]
Charles Butler - Barclays Capital: Greg, a strategy question. You recently hired a medical officer to come on board. I'm curious just exactly to whom would he actually interface? Or is he just providing advice to you all in the board? And moreover, is he actually on board now? Just a very interesting decision.
Gregory Lucier: Dr. Paul Billings is on board now. He interfaces with myself, with Mark, with Bernd in terms of customers and the board as well. It's the first several moves you'll see from us and that we will announce to continue to evolve the company to be not only very strong in research, but increasingly strong in medicine. As I've said in the past, all of these molecular tools are getting pulled into the medical environment, and we have to get the company ready to become more hospital oriented, more genomically medicine oriented, and this is the first of the several announcements that you'll here over the next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg. [Macquarie Research]
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: So just one quick clarification, on the FX for '11, Dave, is that a net number in terms of all the other activities you had in place in for '11 as well or is that purely an FX number, the $0.12?
David Hoffmeister: Just FX, but is net of our hedges.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: Right, but not the buybacks, before you gave the number kind of bracket around some other things. So just FX right now is $0.12?
David Hoffmeister: Correct, I understand your question. No, it does not include any buybacks, that's just foreign currency.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: And then, Greg, how are you going to go about evaluating the R&D that you've been spending and the money that you spent on Ion Torrent. Can you maybe just talk about one, obviously, there are a lot of new technologies that are percolating out there, companies trying to go public, a lot of people involved in the space. Can you maybe talk about one, how it is that you decided on Ion Torrent. And two, how you're going to kind of evaluate all of the spend that's been going on in the sequencing business, going forward?
David Hoffmeister: Well, John, we have been evaluating the technologies associated with sequencing for the last several years. We've had, and we still have, a standing team that is fully 100% dedicated to that effort. And our major requirement for sequencing to really explode the market was a turnaround time, the ability to get fast results. And as we looked at that, we just really came to the conclusion that the current generations of technology wouldn't get you to the measurement of hours in that regard versus the current days. And so Ion Torrent, as we got to understand it better, tested better, understand where it was going, really presented to us the technology that would enable this technology to move into the clinical realm, and that's why we made the acquisition of Ion Torrent. We continue to monitor all sorts of different paths to read the genome. But again, we're quite bullish that we have the right platform here to complement the very high accuracy -- even higher accuracy than it's even known today that Mark will talk about this next week of SOLiD. And yet, get to this turnaround time that I think will become quite essential to really unlock the big diagnostic markets. So that's why we did Ion Torrent. And, yet, I would just finish that we're not resting. We continue to monitor and watch, but we feel very confident that we have a great set of technologies here.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Isaac Ro. [Goldman Sachs]
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: I want to ask some question about NIH funding. I understand the outlook here at a macroeconomic environment level is somewhat uncertain, but I'm just wondering what you guys are assuming for NIH funding growth over the next three to five years?
Gregory Lucier: Isaac, next year should be pretty good. We think it'll go up a couple of percentage points, and the stimulus continues to meander along through the course of the next several quarters, which will be okay. So I would tell investors the next year should be fine. As we look to 2012 and beyond, those are the conversations that are taking place today. But as I've said in other settings, I'm actually hopeful that it will be okay. And I think it pertains back to an innovation agenda that a lot of our political leaders see is needed by the United States. And so there's not going to be a mad rush to balance the budget on the backs of the NIH. I mean, quite frankly, that's not where our overspending has been. And so the more of that message, I think, is appreciated and shared by more and more folks, the more I feel better about that NIH will come through this pretty well okay. So that's kind of our current outlook right now.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Second one would be on the PCR business, maybe, David, if you could outline sort of the kind of growth you've seen in that business year-to-date. And then you said switch pricing in PCR has helped drive that growth?
Gregory Lucier: Well, maybe Mark...
Mark Stevenson: Yes, I mean, we still see good growth overall in that qPCR market. It's really a breadth of portfolios. So now as we've introduced the ViiA 7, we have a refresh of the high end of our price points in the instrument side and all the way down to the lower price points on that system. And going forward, evermore, we're reinventing that game in terms of how we think about qPCR, both in terms of what you've seen us do in a couple of acquisitions in getting to higher throughput and also moving into the world of digital PCR, which we think is going to be really big going forward here.
Eileen Pattinson: Great. This concludes our third quarter earnings conference call. If there are any additional questions, please feel free to contact me. The webcast will be a available via a replay on our website for three weeks. Thank you, again, for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Life Technologies Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Tony, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the call over to your host for today, Ms. Eileen Pattinson, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Eileen Pattinson: Thank you, Tony, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Life Technologies' Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today are Greg Lucier, our Chairman and CEO; and David Hoffmeister, Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Mark Stevenson, our Chief Operating Officer; and Bernd Brust, our Chief Commercial Officer, will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you haven't received a copy of today's press release, you may obtain one from our website at lifetechnologies.com. I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. It is our intent that these forward-looking statements be protected under the Safe Harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in today's press release or on our website. I'll now hand the call over to Greg Lucier.
Gregory Lucier: Thanks, Eileen, and thank you all for joining us. I hope you had a chance to review the press release that we issued earlier today. As you can see from our results, we delivered another quarter of strong top and bottom line growth. Revenue grew 6% organically to $869 million. And excluding the impact from the H1N1 pandemic, as well as the very large forensics deal for the Japanese police, organic revenue grew 9% for the quarter, driven by strong demand for both instruments and consumables across all of our customer end markets. Operating margins expanded by 170 basis points to reach 29%, and earnings per share grew 19% to $0.87 for the quarter. On a year-to-date basis, organic revenue has grown 7.5% over prior year, 9.5% excluding H1N1 and that Japanese police forensics deal. Operating margins have expanded by 270 basis points. These are terrific results for the third quarter and for the year-to-date and is a testament to the execution mindset of our teams from around the world. Now this quarter marks the 16th quarter in a row that we have exceeded expectations on both the top and bottom line. I'm particularly proud of this achievement as it demonstrates ability and commitment to deliver consistent, strong financial results to our shareholders. Since 2007, EPS has grown at a compounded annual rate of 19% from $2.03 to the current consensus of $3.43, and free cash flow has more than doubled. Looking forward, you can expect the same focus on execution and commitment to great results as you've seen in the past. This management team has built an incredibly unique business that is proven to be resilient enough to manage through the ups and the downs of the market that naturally occur over the years. With opportunities for both revenue growth and margin expansion that we see in the horizon, there's just no reason to believe that we will do anything but strengthen our position, allowing us to deliver double-digit organic earnings growth per share in 2011 and the foreseeable future. Let me share with you our thinking about how we will deliver on this promise by walking you through a little bit of history. Over the last two years, we've been taking very deliberate average action to set the stage for our future. The planning process began actually several years ago when we set out to create optimal portfolio products. Today, we believe we had the best mix by far in the Life Science tools industry. 20% of our revenue is derived from proprietary instruments, which drive demand for the higher-margin consumables that make up the remaining 80% of our revenue stream. The consumables portion of our portfolio provides stability and add to the resiliency of the company over time. In addition, specific investments we've made over the last few years have refreshened certain aspects of our portfolio, such as PCR, and laid the groundwork for Life Technologies to build leading positions in areas such as synthetic biology and genomic medicine. With the recent close of the Ion Torrent deal, our portfolio optimization is largely now complete. The stage is set for us to leverage this industry-leading portfolio for significant growth. The balance of our product portfolio is only part of the story. Our revenues are also diversified by region, affording us a certain level of protection in periods where weakness in any one region could negatively impact a less resilient business. As a result, we've been able to grow to some relatively challenging periods in the last few years. Since 2007, Life Technologies has grown organic revenues each and every quarter between 5% and 11%, even during some very difficult funding environment and when the overall market was flat or declining for our competitors. In order to manage regional expansion and the overall growth in volume we have experienced, we have reinvested in the business to build a scalable infrastructure so that new products and technologies could be easily incorporated into our network. Since 2007, we have consolidated eight ERPs into two main systems and grown our e-commerce platforms to the point where over 50% of our global transactions are processed through this high-margin channel of the web b2b connection in automated supply centers. Our investment in emerging markets, such as China and India, have enabled us to build out direct sales channels and distribution networks to build and meet the needs of these customers and their growing supply demands. As a result of this effort, Life Technologies' unparalleled scale and scope in its commercial, manufacturing distribution capabilities around the globe. So with the infrastructure now in place, we look to refine and optimize their operations. Again, since 2007, operating margins have increased 390 basis points from 24.9% to the 2010 consensus estimate of 28.8%. But there is still a lot of room for improvement here. Over the next three years, we will continue to drive significant margin expansion to very specific programs, designed to capture productivity in manufacturing, distribution and our supply chain. The creation of multi-mix manufacturing site is a very good example of the programs we're working on. Our substantial expansion of the Frederick, Maryland Campus and the continued growth of our Singaporean operations this year are key to this trust. Through these efforts and others like them, we can maximize operational productivity and expect to be able to deliver margins in excess of 31% in 2013. While we are executing on the strategies that I have described to you today, we are also laying the groundwork for future revenue growth. Researchers in every field of science use our products to perform the fundamental research that advances scientific discovery. Over the next few years, we will leverage our strength in R&D and manufacturing to launch thousands of innovative products in the fastest-growing areas of research. We also see a very bright future in applied markets, where for a relatively low cost, we can adapt the technologies used in biological research for use in fast-growing industries, such as forensics, and food and water testing. Over the next few years, we will be focused on building out industry-leading franchises in high-growth technology areas, applied markets and emerging geographies, all of which will be key drivers of growth for the company going forward. One of the greatest benefits of our portfolio is that our product mix heavily weighted towards high-volume, higher-margin consumables allows us to generate significant free cash flow on a very consistent and predictable basis. Since the acquisition of Applied Biosystems, our priorities for the deployment of this cash have been to pay down debt, invest in the business and then return any excess cash to shareholders. At the end of Q3, we reached our target debt levels, and with the recent acquisition of Ion Torrent, we believe our product portfolio is where it needs to be to drive significant future growth. In keeping with our philosophy of balanced capital deployment, the level of investment to acquire technologies will now come down in the next 24 months to approximately $100 million or so per year. After we have serviced our debt requirement, excess cash will be returned to shareholders. So I've given you a little insight on what we've been working towards and more importantly, some thoughts in the future and what we can achieve. We'll go into more detail of our specific plans in the Q4 call in February, but suffice it to say, we are very optimistic about the future and confident in our ability to deliver on our financial goals in the very same consistent fashion that we have now done in the past. The track record is proven. Thanks. And with that, I'll hand it over to David to give you an update on the integration and more details on our financial results for the third quarter.
David Hoffmeister: Thanks, Greg. This quarter, revenue grew 8% to $869 million. Currency had a positive 0.5 impact on reported revenue growth, and acquisitions added 1.5 points. Excluding the impact from currency, acquisitions and divestitures, revenue grew 6%, and grew 9% also excluding the impact of H1N1 and the Japanese police deal. Moving on to the divisional results, the Genetic Systems division had revenues of $227 million, representing 12% organic growth. Overall, sales of CE instruments and consumables grew 5% for the quarter, driven by high-single digit growth in consumables and continued strong demand for our recently launched 3500 Genetic Analyzer. Growth in this business was negatively impacted by a difficult year-over-year comparison, resulting from last year's Japanese police order. Excluding the impact of this order, overall sales of CE instruments and consumables grew 9% for the quarter. The CE business has proven to be incredibly resilient and continues to be the gold standard for many sequencing applications, not only in research, but increasingly in forensics and other applied markets. Sales of CE consumables and instruments into hospital clinics and labs for diagnostic testing are particularly strong and have been a major driver of growth for the 3500 instrument. Lastly, the Next Generation Sequencing business demonstrated very strong double-digit growth during the quarter, driven by record sales of the SOLiD 4 system. Molecular Biology Systems had revenue of $415 million, flat to last year. However, excluding H1N1-related revenue, organic growth was approximately 4%, driven by strong demand for Genomic Assays and the recently launched ViiA 7 PCR instrument. Customer reaction to the ViiA 7 has been very positive, and this is the first of several innovations that will refresh our entire qPCR franchise. Shelf systems had revenue of $221 million, representing 15% organic growth. Growth was driven by strong demand across the portfolio. The Bioproduction, Dynal Beads and Stem Cell businesses all delivered double-digit growth in the quarter. Organic growth by region in the quarter was as follows: The Americas grew 8%; Europe 5%; Asia-Pacific 7%; and Japan declined 1%. Excluding the impact of H1N1 and the Japanese police order, the Americas grew 10%, Europe 6%, Japan 13% and Asia-Pacific 11%. Revenue growth in the Asia-Pacific region is slightly lower than in the past due to the timing of orders and a slowdown in order processing associated with an information systems implementation. This is similar to what we experienced when we implemented systems in Europe and the U.S. The project is now largely complete, and we expect fourth quarter growth for the region to return to historical levels. In line with expectations, stimulus-related revenues for the third quarter were approximately $10 million. We also expect $10 million of stimulus-related revenue in the fourth quarter, the same level as prior year. Moving on to other items. Third quarter non-GAAP gross margin was 66.8%, largely unchanged from the same period last year. Higher price and synergies were offset by mix, particularly increased sales of bioproduction and instruments. On a sequential basis, gross margin declined by 90 basis points, primarily due to lower fixed cost absorption as a result of lower volume in the quarter. Third quarter non-GAAP operating expenses increased 3% over prior year levels to $328 million. The increase was a result of acquisition-related headcount additions and an increase in depreciation, resulting from integration-related capital expenditures. Sequentially, operating expenses declined 4% as a result of cost controls implemented in the quarter, including a slowdown in spending on some commercial projects in our emerging markets. These projects, such as building out our e-commerce platforms in Asia, are expected to ramp back up in the fourth quarter. Non-GAAP operating income was $252 million, an increase of 15% over prior year, including the impact of currency, and 12% excluding currency. Third quarter operating margins were 29.0%, representing 170 basis points of improvement year-over-year. Operating margin expansion, primarily resulted from synergies and other operating expense reductions. In terms of other income line items, we had $1 million of interest income, a loss of $5 million from currency, and interest expense for the quarter was $27 million. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 25.8%. The tax rate is lower in the quarter due to the benefit of a one-time savings associated with the consolidation of foreign entities. This contributed approximately $0.02 to EPS. Other items contributing to the lower tax rate are the settlement of prior year IRS audits and an adjustment to account for a higher portion of earnings in lower tax rate jurisdictions. These other items contributed an additional $0.02 to earnings per share. Our diluted share count for the quarter was $190.1 million. As you will recall, our share count is impacted by our stock price due to our convertible debt and employee stock options. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.56, which includes $0.22 per share of acquisition-related amortization expense, $0.03 per share of non-cash interest expense associated with the adoption of APB14-1 and $0.06 per share of business integration costs and other items. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes these items, diluted earnings per share was $0.87. Moving onto the balance sheet and cash flow. Our ending cash and short-term investments were $537 million. This compares to last quarter's balance of $706 million. Cash from operating activities was $215 million. Capital expenditures were $28 million, and free cash flow was $187 million. Return on invested capital increased 20 basis points to 9.2%. We remain on track to achieve our goal of 10% ROIC by 2012. Our ending debt as of September 30 was approximately $2.3 billion. This balance is made up of our convertible debt of $800 million and senior notes of $1.5 billion. During the quarter, we retired $350 million of convertible debt. As for our ongoing integration efforts, during the quarter, we executed plans to generate an additional $25 million in annualized synergies. Specific actions included the completion of the European back-office consolidation, site consolidations in Asia and the placement of approximately 90 dual-branded supply centers worldwide. At this point, we're on track to meet our goal of $175 million in annualized run rate synergies by the end of the fourth quarter, a year ahead of schedule. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect organic revenue growth to be in the mid-single digits, but slightly lower than the third quarter due to a difficult year-over-year comparison. As a reminder, organic growth in the fourth quarter of last year was 11% as a result of several large one-time items. Revenue from acquisitions will add approximately 1.5 points to growth in the quarter. Due to the volatility of currency rates over the last couple of months, our estimate of the impact of currency on fourth quarter results has changed. As of September 30 rates, currency is expected to be neutral to the fourth quarter revenue growth and EPS. Q4 gross margins are expected to be lower sequentially due to the impact of mix and lower price realization. Operating expenses in Q4 are expected to increase sequentially due to projects and activities that were delayed in the third quarter, acquisition-related expenses and increased depreciation from integration-related capital expenditures. Operating margins for the quarter are expected to expand approximately 150 basis points year-over-year. The fourth quarter effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 29.5%, and the full year effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 29%, excluding any impact from the R&D tax credit. If the R&D tax credit is extended, then the full year tax rate will be reduced by approximately a point to 28%, and that would add $0.02 to earnings per share. Our full year EPS guidance does not include any benefit from the tax credit. Average diluted shares in the fourth quarter are expected to range from 191 million to 192 million, assuming an average stock price of between $46 and $50 a share. To date, we've repurchased 2.7 million shares at a cost of approximately $128 million, and are on track to complete the $350 million repurchase authorization and the repurchase of shares associated with the Ion Torrent transaction by the end of the year. As Greg mentioned earlier, we're proud of our results so far this year and feel good about our ability to deliver on our financial goals. We are nearing the end of a successful integration, and despite minimal impact from the stimulus, we are on track to deliver between $3.48 and $3.52 earnings per share for the year. And finally, since the dollar has weakened considerably over the last few months, I'll give you an update on the expected impact from currency on our 2011 results. As a reminder, we have currency hedges in place for the first seven months of 2011. We do not intend to hedge the remaining five months of the year. As of September month-end rates, EPS is expected to be negatively impacted by approximately $0.12. In order to help you estimate the effect of currency for 2011, we've calculated the impact on earnings per share if all currencies moved by 5% versus the dollar. And our mix of foreign currencies stayed the same. In this case, the impact on earnings per share would be plus or minus $0.11. And with that, I'll now hand the call back over to Eileen. Eileen?
Eileen Pattinson: Thanks, David. We have about 20 minutes for Q&A, so I'd like everyone to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions after that, please get back in the queueu. Tony, we are now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Quintin Lai. [Robert W. Baird]
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Looks like that it did get a little better from you from last quarter. So kindly give us a little color on what you're seeing now in terms of the market demand, given what you saw in Q2? And then as a quick follow-up, you put out a press release earlier this morning about the single-read accuracy for the SOLiD. Could you give us a little update or maybe a preview of what you're going to show next week?
Eileen Pattinson: Yes, Quintin, we actually missed the first part of your question. Could you repeat the first part of that?
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: No problem. So the first part was really just Europe, that was one of the issues that came up on the last call. It looks like they may have been trailing down. And then this quarter, it looked like that you got back on schedule with 5% growth and then 6% excluding H1N1. So just kind of a discussion of just how the trends have been going in Europe.
Bernd Brust: This is Bernd. On the European market, as we shared in our last earnings call, we saw some changes in buying behavior. We also thought they were fairly short term, funding already at that point have stabilized in two to three core markets, being Germany and France. Now with the U.K. funding announcement from lastly, I think we have the full picture in place again. So when you look at the European market, I think our outlook of low to mid-single digit growth, the execution is good. The portfolio is holding up against that well. The performance is there, and we see no change in that performance coming in the next foreseeable future.
Mark Stevenson: And just a follow up, Quintin, it's Mark here. on the second part of your question. So yes, we're very excited. As David mentioned, we had a record quarter with SOLiD. A lot of that traction was in contour applications where it matters with the accuracy. And so what we've made a great improvement of the level of accuracy to get [4,9] accuracy in a single-read, with new modification to our ligation chemistry and we're showing that data next week at the SHD [ph] meeting.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And is that something that can be immediately implementable now on SOLiD?
Mark Stevenson: That will be implemented on SOLiD and we'll start shipping that new Chemistry with the systems, and we'll talk more about that at ASHG.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel. [Cowen and Company]
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC: You guided operating margin flat year-over-year in Q3, I think, to about 27.3%. You came in at 29%. I was just hoping you would be willing to tease out really what changed. Was it better than you expected and maybe how much of it is attributable to some of the projects that you referred to as being delayed? And then I guess the second question, kind of building off of a bit, my recollection is you talked about Q4 margin and growth being better than Q3. It sounds like that's no longer the case. So I was just hoping you can maybe explain what's changed.
David Hoffmeister: Let me start, Doug, this is David. You're right about Q3. I think in terms of our guidance on Q3, I think what changed is it goes back to Quintin's question. When we look at Q3 at the end of Q2, there were some concerns about weakness in Europe, what the impact would be in terms of sales elsewhere around the world. So we were cautious in terms of what our spending was. And we actually put some of the projects that we intended to begin on hold to get a better idea of what the revenue outlook was going to be. Good news is that revenues came in as we expected or better. And that, combined with lower spending, drove up our margins. What we're saying about Q4 is we're pretty confident in the outlook at this point. I think the markets and the funding around the world has stabilized from what it was at the end of Q2. And we plan to ramp back up some of those programs, particularly, some of the spending in commercial areas and on the web in emerging markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson. [JPMorgan]
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Maybe I just want to jump in with a question on Ion Torrent since this is the first call you've done since you've announced the deal. Can you just talk a little bit about the go-to-market strategy here for the Personal Genome Machine, how we think about early access customers, if there are technical milestones that you'll be announcing along the way? And then are you to targeting kind of a mix at genome centers and in clinical markets initially or how do we think about the initial rollout?
Gregory Lucier: Tycho, this is Greg, and I'll have Mark follow up my point. As you know, we will be launching the Personal Genome Machine here in the fourth quarter. It has been in the hands of early access customers, working through the overall workflow and finishing up the refinement of that. And that particular platform has lots of multi-generational growth in it as well. So it will be launched at a certain throughput, and then it will go up over time in basically the same box. In terms of the target customers, Mark, I'll let you give some a color commentary on how we see it being introduced in the market.
Mark Stevenson: Yes, so we really see, across that range of customers, the applications fit. So I think some of the genome centers are certainly seeing interest to QC some of their application work and do some smaller genomes with it. We'll certainly see it in the decentralized application and some of the smaller genome centers or hospitals and application there is that will light the turnaround time and speech, just a number of experiments that you can do. And so really be quite a broad go-to-market approach for us. We're initially starting, we started taking orders across that breadth of customer base. And we'll be talking more again next week during SHD with that customer set and also at the Association Molecular Pathology meeting, one of the early access customers who we're presenting some data. So we'll begin to see more data here as we start shipping units at the end of December.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of John Wood. [Jefferies & Company]
Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I think just probably for Mark. This might be too early as well, but talking to your customers last couple of weeks since the Europe budgets were announced. Is there a sense of relief or incremental concern versus their expectations going into those budgets.
Bernd Brust: John, it's Bernd. No, I think to the sense of relief, obviously the only new one in recent history is the U.K. They both, Germany and France, they have announced some time ago in the U.K. the doomsday numbers were significantly worsened. I think, actually it was the best case scenario that was announced. And so I think in general, there's relief and people are feeling good about what the next few years hold from a research funding point of view.
Jeffrey Loo - S&P Equity Research: And Bernd, do you think that there's been any pent-up demand just as people kind of held back in front of those numbers or is that a stretch at this point?
Gregory Lucier: I think it's been a stretch. I think, materially, there won't be much change there. I think what you will see is much more consistency, right, as we saw in Q2 last time, a result in changes in volume toward the end of the quarter and I think you're going to see that balance out more now.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin. [UBS Investment Bank]

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Peter Wilver - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Kenneth Apicerno - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Marc Casper - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Charles Butler - Barclays Capital Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth Apicerno: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Marc Casper, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Pete Wilver, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Please be aware that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com, under the headings Webcasts and Presentations, until August 27, 2010. A copy of the press release of the second quarter 2010 earnings and future expectations is available on our website under the heading Financial Results. So before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 3, 2010, under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is available in the Investors section of the website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during the call, we'll be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our second quarter 2010 earnings and future expectations and also in the Investors section of our website under the heading Financial Results. So with that, I will now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Casper: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our review of the second quarter. The last time I spoke to most of you was at our Analyst Meeting back in May. If you recall, our theme for the meeting was leveraging our leadership to drive earnings growth. It was a great opportunity to share with you how we are driving a combination of growth investment and operating performance to achieve our earnings goals. I'm pleased to tell you that we're right on track with our strategy and that we delivered record EPS performance again in Q2 on solid top line results. I'm especially pleased with our performance because the business environment obviously still has its challenges. However, we have built a company that is the recognized industry leader. As such, we have three key strengths that gives us a market advantage and drive our performance. These strengths are: our unique depth of capabilities; second, our proven track record of operating performance; and third, our commitment to continued investment for growth, a combination of developing new technologies and making complementary acquisitions. We discussed this back in May in some detail. I will highlight some recent examples today that show you how these strengths not only contributed to our strong results for the quarter but position us for a great future. First, I will run through our Q2 financial highlights. We reported second quarter revenues of $2.65 billion, 7% higher than 2009. This translated to 5% organic growth, which was in line with our expectation for the quarter. Our revenue growth reflected strong performance across our Laboratory Equipment, Consumables, Clinical Diagnostics and Biosciences businesses. We also saw strength in our Analytical Instrument businesses that serve applied markets, such as food safety testing and environmental monitoring. We are especially pleased with our organic growth results, given the headwinds of a weak flu season and the Biosite contract transition, which, together, lowered our organic growth by over a percentage point in the quarter. We delivered solid adjusted operating margin expansion in Q2, achieving 17.6% versus 16.8% in the year-ago quarter. Through proven operating discipline, we are fully leveraging our top line revenue growth for pull-through to the bottom line and benefiting from our ongoing cost-saving activities, including practical process improvement, PPI lean and global sourcing. Last, we're pleased to report that adjusted EPS was a second quarter record at $0.84, 14% higher than 2009. We continue to build on our strong track record of delivering double-digit EPS growth. So I'm proud of how our teams executed operationally and their efforts resulted in a strong quarter. This, combined with our excellent performance in Q1, added up to a great first half of the year for Thermo Fisher.  I'll spend a couple minutes now framing what we're seeing in our key end markets at this point in the year. Interestingly, despite everything we hear about in the news, as a company, we haven't seen any dramatic changes since Q1.  In biopharma markets, capital spending is still under pressure. Our view is that the pharma market got tougher as these customers continue to evaluate their cost structures. I'm sure you've heard about the recent site consolidations in a number of big pharma companies, and we don't see this abating in Q3. While pharma is weak, we continue to see strength in biotech, as evidenced by strong performance in our Biosciences business in Q2. Turning to academic and government markets. We benefited modestly from stimulus programs, with some additional funding being released in the U.S. This complements the strong revenue we recorded in Q1 tied to stimulus programs in Japan. We expect to see some continuation of stimulus-related orders in revenue from U.S. programs in the second half. Looking at healthcare. As you see from other companies, demand in this market is generally soft. This is driven by fewer doctor and hospital visits along with the very weak flu season. From a Thermo Fisher perspective, on the other hand, our Clinical Diagnostics business, in particular, such as drugs of abuse tests and specialty assays, showed strong growth in the quarter.  Finally, I'll cover industrial markets. While we had an easy comparison with the 2009 quarter, we are definitely seeing some improvement in the industrial economy across the globe. For example, our Portable Analyzers business, which serves a broad sector of the industrial market, showed very strong growth in the quarter. Let me now turn to some business highlights from Q2. At the beginning of my comments, I referred to our depth of capabilities and commitment to growth investment as key differentiators for us in the marketplace. I'll give you a few examples of how this positions us to meet the changing needs of our customers. First, we were the headliner again this year at ASMS, the leading mass spectrometry conference. One highlight was our new suite of informatics products. These software advancements, such as Proteome Discoverer, virtually reinvent mass spec-based workflows for life sciences, fully leveraging the power of our leading Thermo Scientific technologies including the Orbitrap. For more routine applications, such as water or pesticide analysis, our new triple quad system, the TSQ Quantum XLS, significantly raised the bar. It offers the flexibility, speed and sensitivity our customers need to improve productivities in their laboratories. In the clinical research and specialty diagnostics markets, we are highlighting our capabilities at the AACC Expo, which is happening as we speak out in Anaheim. Among several launches at this show is our new workflow for the analysis of immunosuppressant drugs. This comprehensive solution offers clinical researchers a workflow that is seamless and easy-to-use. It leverages technologies across several of our businesses including Specialty Diagnostics, Analytical Instruments and Laboratory Consumables. Also on display at AACC are biomarker market tests from our Bronze business, which we acquired last fall. This is the first time we showcased these product at a major trade show under the Thermo Scientific brand. We are extremely pleased with the performance of this business, which has continued to deliver strong double-digit growth. Shifting gears a bit. The devastating news about the crisis in the Gulf of Mexico has been front-and-center in the media. But I'm pleased to report that we're playing a positive role here. During the quarter, we developed new analytical screening methods to rapidly detect oil contamination in seafood. You may recall that we announced the opening of our new Food Safety Response Center back in early April. Well, our timing couldn't have been better. We secured samples from the Gulf and our scientists at the center worked around-the-clock to develop step-by-step testing procedures that can be implemented at food safety and environmental laboratories. These new methods, which are based on our instruments, equipment and consumables, are available to any government agency, company or laboratory around the world. I'd also like to mention some of our notable accomplishments in China as well, which, as you know, is a key growth a geography for us. We won a multimillion dollar project from China's major oil and coal company to design, construct and equip their new R&D center, which is being built from the ground up. The center will focus on developing various clean coal technologies. We also continue to see strong demand for our environmental instruments across China, and in fact, our air and radiation monitors are being used at the World Expo currently being held in Shanghai. In addition to these business highlights, let me cover our recent capital deployment activities and what we've done there to create shareholder value. In the first half of the year, we deployed approximately $0.75 billion of our capital. Our focus during the time has been on both acquisitions and stock buybacks.  First an acquisition update. In Q2, we completed the acquisition of Proxeon, and just after quarter end, we closed on the acquisition of Fermentas. Proxeon, as we mentioned last quarter, is a supplier of products that creates simplified workflows for proteomics applications. These technologies complement our leading ion trap and hybrid systems by adding capabilities for nanoflow liquid chromatography. Fermentas, which we closed just a couple weeks ago, is a global provider of molecular and cellular biology tools for genomics research. Its broad product line includes reagents, enzymes and other life science research and diagnostic tools. Fermentas also offers key technologies for PCR-based testing. This, along with our Finnzymes acquisition in Q1, significantly strengthens our offering for high-growth PCR market applications. Also of note, the integration of Ahura Scientific, which we acquired in Q1, is going very well. To remind you, Ahura Scientific is the leading provider of portable spectroscopy analyzers. With these products, we now have an impressive lineup of portable analyzers that bring advanced technologies to our customers who need to perform rapid precise analysis in the field. Another way we have deployed capital is through stock buybacks. We spent $187 million in Q2 under our $750 million repurchase program, which was authorized in April. Pete will cover this in more detail in his remarks. Moving on to our guidance. We're pleased with our strong performance in the first half, which puts us solidly on track to meet our goals for the full year. We remain confident in our outlook for earnings growth in 2010 and are, therefore, maintaining our adjusted EPS guidance of $3.40 and $3.50 per share. This would lead to 11% to 15% growth over 2009. On the top line, we're adjusting our guidance to reflect less favorable foreign exchange rates and the addition of our recent acquisitions. We now expect to generate from $10.60 billion to $10.75 billion in revenues in 2010, which would result in 5% to 6% growth year-to-year. Before I turn the call over to Pete, let me summarize our key takeaways for Q2. We had another strong quarter delivering solid performance at the top line and record EPS results. These results led to a great first half of the year and position us well to achieve our objectives for 2010. While we will face FX headwinds and tougher comparisons in the third and fourth quarters, we are confident in our ability to deliver on our financial goals for the second half of the year.  With that, I'd like to turn the call to our CFO, Pete Wilver. Pete?
Peter Wilver: Thanks, Marc. Good morning, everyone. As Marc said, we delivered another quarter of strong operating performance, with 14% growth in our adjusted earnings per share to a second quarter record of $0.84 compared to $0.74 last year. Our results were even stronger if you take into account weakening foreign exchange rates, which, as I mentioned in our May Analyst Meeting, created $0.01 per share headwind compared to our guidance assumptions at the beginning of the quarter. GAAP EPS in Q2 was $0.57, up from $0.49 in the prior year's quarter, primarily as a result of our improved operating performance.  Moving on to our top line performance. Reported revenue in Q2 increased 7% year-over-year to $2.65 billion. Organic revenue growth was 5% in the quarter excluding foreign currency translation of negative 1% and a 3% benefit from acquisitions net of divestitures. As Marc said, flu and the Biosite transition negatively affected organic growth by over a percentage point in the quarter. Our results in Q2 continued our trend of solid growth across our portfolio, with Instruments and Equipment and Consumables both growing in the mid-single digits and Services growing in the low-single digits. We also continued to strengthen our backlog with bookings exceeding revenues in the quarter by 2%. In the Analytical Technology segment, Q2 revenues grew 10% on a reported basis and 5% organically. In the quarter, we saw especially strong growth in our Mass Spec, Clinical Diagnostics and Biosciences businesses. Also, a number of our Instruments businesses serving industrial markets continued to strengthen and contributed nicely to growth. On the other hand, growth in our Microbiology business was negatively affected by a tough year-over-year comparison with high H1N1 flu sales in the prior year and overall weakness in the healthcare markets, as Marc mentioned. In the Laboratory Products and Services segment, Q2 revenues grew 5% on both the reported and organic basis. During the quarter, we saw strong growth in Laboratory Equipment and Consumables, partially offset by the same flu headwinds and soft healthcare market that are affecting our Microbiology business as well as the Biosite contract transition that we announced previously. Looking at organic growth by geography. North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific all grew in the mid-single digits in Q2 this year versus mid-single-digit declines in each region last year. Rest of the world grew slower than the company average against a tougher comparison of high-single-digit growth in the prior year. Q2 adjusted operating income increased 11% year-over-year to $466 million. Adjusted operating margin was 17.6%, up about 75 basis points from 16.8% in the year-ago quarter. The year-over-year margin expansion resulted primarily from strong pull-through on the organic volume growth and the benefits of global sourcing and practical process improvements. This was partially offset by strategic investments in R&D and commercial resources to drive future growth. By segment, Analytical Technologies' Q2 adjusted operating income increased by 13% year-over-year, and adjusted operating margin was 20.6%, up about 55 basis points versus 20.1% last year. Q2 adjusted operating income in Laboratory Products and Services increased by 10% year-over-year, and adjusted operating margin was 14.2%, up about 60 basis points versus 13.6% in the 2009 quarter. Moving on to the details of the P&L. Total company adjusted gross margin was 42.3% in Q2, up about 125 basis points from the year-ago quarter. The increase was driven primarily by strong pull-through on organic revenue growth and our global sourcing efforts, along with PPI and the cost-reduction initiatives that we implemented in 2009. Adjusted SG&A was 22.0% of revenue in Q2, up about 10 basis points from 21.9% in the year-ago quarter, reflecting our continued investment in commercial expansion and slightly higher stock compensation expense.  R&D expense was 2.7% of revenue in Q2, up $12 million or about 30 basis points from last year, reflecting our increased investment in technology development to expand our new product pipeline for future growth. Moving below the line. Our Q2 adjusted net interest expense decreased $4 million year-over-year to $21 million, driven by lower interest expense as a result of our debt refinancing initiatives, partially offset by lower interest income due to lower interest rates earned on our cash balances.  Other income was a gain of $0.2 million, up $1.3 million from last year, primarily as a result of currency transaction gains of foreign entity cash this year compared with transaction losses in the 2009 quarter. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 21.5%, flat with Q1 and up 1 points from Q2 2009, primarily as a result of higher income at marginal rates.  As Marc mentioned, during the quarter, we used $187.5 million of our current $750 million stock buyback authorization to purchase 3.7 million shares. Average diluted shares were 416 million in the quarter, down 8 million from last year, reflecting the benefit of our share buyback programs in 2009 and 2010, as well as the redemption of a significant portion of our convertible debt. I'm pleased to report that we continue to maintain a strong balance sheet and that our cash flow performance remains solid considering the working capital investment required to support our top line growth. Year-to-date free cash flow from continuing ops was $520 million after deducting net capital expenditures of $107 million.  We ended the quarter with $1.32 billion in cash and investments, down $123 million from Q1, as free cash flow in the quarter was more than offset by cash used to repurchase our shares, pay down debt and make complementary acquisitions. Our total debt was $2.13 billion, up $62 million from Q1 as a result of our Q2 debt refinancing. With regard to working capital, we continued to have good performance this quarter. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding were 50 days, down three days from the prior year, and inventory days of supply were 68 days, down five days from the prior year. Moving on to our 2010 guidance. As you saw in the press release and heard from Marc, we are maintaining our previous adjusted EPS guidance range of $3.40 to $3.50. This represents 11% to 15% growth compared to our 2009 adjusted EPS of $3.05. We're also confident in our previous outlook for 2010 organic revenue growth of 3% to 5% as a result of our solid first half results and our current outlook for the second half. As I mentioned at our May Analyst Meeting, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar over the past several months against many of our key foreign currencies has created about 1% headwind in terms of our reported revenue growth for the year. And this is being partially offset by our recent acquisitions, which will contribute about % to our full year reported growth.  As a result of these factors, we are adjusting our revenue guidance from our previous range of $10.65 to $10.80 billion to a new range of $10.60 billion to $10.75 billion. This revised range represents growth of 5% to 6% compared to our 2009 revenues of $10.11 billion. As usual, our guidance does not include any significant assumptions with regard to future uses of capital, other than our previously announced $750 million share buyback authorization, which we expect to continue to utilize over the remaining nine months of the authorization.  In interpreting our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance ranges, as I've said in the past, you should focus on the midpoint as our most likely view of how we see the rest of 2010 playing out. Results above or below the midpoint will depend on the relative strength of our markets for the remainder of the year. To reiterate some specifics about our second half outlook, as we stated in our call last quarter, our growth in margin comparisons get much tougher in the second half, and in Q4, we'll lose the four calendar days that we picked up in Q1. We also faced significant headwinds in the second half, with the termination of the Biosite contract as of July 1 and a very strong flu season last year versus our outlook for a normal flu season this year. Both of these items will impact Q3 comparisons more heavily than Q4. So in summary, we delivered another quarter of solid operating performance and strong financial results. With a great first half behind us, we're well positioned to achieve our 2010 financial goals.  With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Marshall Urist from Morgan Stanley.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: I just wasn't clear about your comments on the healthcare environment. I know Thermo is a little bit more diversified relative to some of the other tools players. So did you see an organic growth headwind from volumes in the quarter similar to a lot of other healthcare companies? And can you quantify that for us?
Marc Casper: Sure, Marshall. Let me give you a context of what's going in healthcare. We clearly, from a market perspective, which we serve, represents about a quarter of our revenue. The U.S. portion, clearly, saw headwinds in the market. As you read in the papers, as you see from other companies, I'm sure healthcare companies, it appears that doctor visits, hospital visits are down, and we see that in some of our Consumables businesses. When you look at Thermo Fisher specific, you have at the beginning of the Biosite transition, which puts a little bit more headwind on us, but we also had very, very strong positive performance, again company-specific, in our Clinical Diagnostics business, where drugs-of-abuse, specialty assay, as I said, extraordinarily strong growth in the quarter. So I think we're actually executing well, but the market conditions was clearly tougher.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then second one from me is just on Europe. I know you had touched on this lately, but there's been mixed signals sort of across the board and maybe just give us your thoughts on, specifically, what you're seeing there, both on the Consumables side and Instruments side and maybe comment on some of the different end markets in Europe and what your thought is in the quarter and what you're thinking for the rest of the year.
Marc Casper: So in terms of Europe, the performance regionally didn't vary a lot around the globe in the quarter. Obviously, we all read the headlines about Europe, but we're not actually seeing that in our business performance. So the business performed well in Europe. We saw strength across our Specialty Diagnostic businesses, both Anatomical Pathology Clinical Diagnostics did well. Our Industrial businesses did well in Europe. So while we read things, when you look to the Thermo Fisher specific, actions, we haven't seen really a change in trajectory in Europe at the end of the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG: So a lot of moving parts in terms of your business, and I just want to sort of follow up with what Marshall was keying in on. And so relative to coming into the year, as we look to the various end markets or the geographies, I mean, I know organic growth guidance hasn't changed meaningfully. But I think the end markets, we've seen some trends, whether it's in biopharma in terms of, you cited the site consolidations or in the healthcare market or in the industrial market that have either improved or deteriorated. As you look across the base piece of business, is there anything you're seeing trend-wise that was a bit of a surprise to you versus the beginning of the year? And then relative to that, as we think about kind of the organic growth guidance for the back half of the year, does it sort of assume most of the things that we see today kind of stay as is, e.g. no sort of industrial pickup and kind of the weak hospital volumes kind of continuing into the back half?
Marc Casper: So a few thoughts, Ross. One is I think one of the things that our investors appreciate is that the company is very predictable and has good visibility into the end markets. So if I think about our organic growth outlook that we've had for the year, what we said at the beginning of the year, what we said at the end of the first quarter and what we say today is we still feel good about the organic growth outlook for the full year. So I think that's a positive. We serve four key end markets and I think it's important to realize that there haven't been dramatic changes, but I think it's always helpful to say were the subtleties are. So industrial's getting a little bit better. Healthcare got slightly weaker. Pharma got slightly weaker. Biotech got slightly stronger, but these are all very, very subtle changes. When you look to the second half of the year, what we're assuming is exactly what we assume with our guidance, which is a slowly recovering economy, which we're seeing the signs of in our performance, and not dramatic changes off of that. There are upsides to it, which is a strengthening economy, more stimulus funds would be upsides. A double-dip recession would be downside. But right now, we're not seeing really big deviations from our original guidance.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG: And do you feel like, Marc, that as we sort of see this gradual recovery and we get to a more normalized environment, that the way the business is performing versus what you see in the market from your peers, kind of affirms sort of the strategy originally behind the merger and that you're kind of able to gain share, able to leverage the size and scale and then able to inevitably deploy the cash flow on nice acquisitions like Fermentas?
Marc Casper: Yes, I feel great about our strategy and our execution. If I think about where we are from building the company, we have clear advantages with our depth of capabilities; we gaining share with our large customers; we continue to build out our Biosciences and Analytical Instruments business, which have better growth prospects; we're accelerating R&D investments. All of those things allow us for a continued improving long-term growth profile for the company and continuing to capitalize on our position as the undisputed world leader in serving science.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG: Perfect. One quick point for Pete. Looks like there was a little bit of a change to the amortizable intangibles. Could you just sort of walk through that and whether or not that has any sort of EPS impact or core earnings impact?
Peter Wilver: Well, we excluded intangibles from our adjusted earnings per share calculations, so it wouldn't impact our adjusted earnings per share.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG: But there was a change in the assumption, correct?
Peter Wilver: Not in terms of an assumption. I mean, we hit the end of the Kendro amortization, so the number went down slightly. But that was the only thing that I'm aware of [indiscernible] (0:37:36.9).
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson from JP Morgan.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Marc, in your comments, I think you talked a little bit about pharma maybe getting tougher. I just want to kind of parse that out a little bit. I've always kind of been of the view that you're able to gain traction among your pharma customers, despite some of the consolidations. So can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing from your top accounts, the top 20? And then are you seeing more interest in strategic agreements like you have with Lilly? If you could just talk about the dynamic on pharma, that would be helpful.
Marc Casper: Sure. So, Tycho, once again, this was another quarter where our top accounts grew faster than the company average. From everything that we read, we continue to gain share at those accounts. So I think clearly, the strategy that we have is being executed well and our customers appreciate the value proposition. So I feel very good about that. I'd put just the additional context, which is I think with all the site closures, I just think you have pharmaceutical customers, in general, just tightening up on capital spent right now, and I think that's going to continue at least through the third quarter. Do I think that's a permanent trend? No, I don't. But do I think it's a shorter-term thing that companies in our space face in the market? Sure. And like our position better than everybody because we have a unique value proposition that helps our customers through more challenging times.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And is there risk, I guess, in the near-term that there's a glut of kind of used equipment coming on the market with the site closures? Or I mean how do we think about whether that's going to be disruptive?
Marc Casper: There have been site closures in the past. You see stuff in second hand. It really has never materially affected, I think, anybody in terms of performance, in terms of really that much stuff coming at our markets. So I don't think that'll be a big issue.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. Just a question on the M&A deals. With Fermentas and Finnzymes, you've got some nice products and PCR. Can you talk a little bit about where you see your PCR franchise going? And how you're looking to build that out?
Marc Casper: Sure. So first of all, PCR is a major product category and I think it's one that as a company, historically, we really didn't participate much in, and I think it's important that we do participate in the market. The two acquisitions that you mentioned, Finnzymes and Fermentas, it really just helped strengthen our offering. It adds enzymes, reagents that obviously complement some of the existing products that we had as well as Finnzymes also adds instrumentation capabilities for us as well. So it's an area that other companies have very large positions. We are an early participant. I think the patent landscape is changing over the next couple of years and I think will be well positioned to accelerate organic growth in our Biosciences business by making some moves now and get ourselves set up for some good growth down the road in that market segment.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then just one last quick one on food safety. You called that out and I think in conjunction with the issues done in the Gulf. Can you quantify that? And is that something we have the think about in terms of presenting comp next year? Or are we at kind of a steady state now where the food testing business is off a reasonable growth rate and it's really going to be impacted?
Marc Casper: I don't think you have to worry about the comps. I think you're seeing steady growth there. Particularly, what's going on in the Gulf is not material to our business, but I think it shows you what kind of huge impact we can have with our customers in terms of making a difference in society. But you're not going to hear us talk next quarter or next year about tough comparisons versus food safety as a headwind down in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quintin Lai from Robert W. Baird.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Marc, could you give us a little color on how the demand was between your kind of high-end Consumables and Instruments and your low end? I mean, did you see any difference? And then kind of as an addition to that, give us an update on your vitality index parameters.
Peter Wilver: Yes, In terms of the difference between the high-end Instruments and Reagents and the Basic Equipment, you can essentially look at the two segments, and the organic growth rates were essentially the same. So I would say there's not a material difference between the two pieces of business. And as I said, also you can look at the Instruments and Equipment and Consumables growing at a mid-single-digit growth rate. So it's pretty much across-the-board performance. And in terms of our product vitality, we are seeing an increase year-over-year in our product vitality as a result of some of the investments that we made last year and that we're continuing to make this year. It's not a huge percentage increased but we are seeing an improvement in the metric.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: One of the questions I think that also came around this quarter was China and China demand going forward. A lot of the stuff that you -- you signed contracts, like in oil and gas and the nuclear side environment. I guess what's your long-term view on the commitment to Chinese demand in these areas that Thermo serves?
Marc Casper: So Quintin, when you look at the situation in China, I highlighted a couple very different types of examples. One that you've heard a lot about, which is environmental monitoring, instrumentation for infrastructure and that continues to be strong. And we continue to believe that there are good prospects there. We are starting to do more new lab works. And what was particularly interesting about the new lab win that I highlighted in this particular quarter is that it is a Chinese organization. So we've done a lot of new lab establishments, but they've been traditionally for multinationals. And this is a huge government entity that has toured the multinationals, and basically said, "I want Thermo Fisher to set up my lab." When I was over in China last, I met with their new CTO of this organization, and he's excited about equipping those laboratories with our equipment. When I look forward to what's going on in China, I think it's always helpful to know that the comparisons bounce around every quarter. So we don't expect smooth, steady growth every single quarter, but we do expect China to be the fastest-growing geography for a number of years to come. And we see a broad-based growth prospects for the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Wood from Jefferies.
Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Pete, could you give us kind of the update on the major margin drivers, kind of quantify raw materials and sourcing and PPI? And also talk about the net pricing contribution you realized, both top and kind of direct margin, if you will, in the quarter.
Peter Wilver: I'll start with the pricing. As we said last quarter, the pricing environment is a little bit tougher today, specifically on routine instrumentation, than it has been in the past. So we're not seeing as significant contribution from price. On a gross level, it's around 1%, where in the past, we've seen more like 1% and 2%. So that contribution is not as strong. In terms of PPI, global sourcing and the other cost actions that we took last year, that's having a pretty significant positive impact on our EBITDA margin year-over-year to the tune of, we could say, one and a half to two percentage points. That's being offset, obviously, by inflation, which we start out the year every year in a hole and also some of our investment in R&D and commercial resources, which is diluting margins by around 50 basis points or so.
Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: That comment, the 50 basis points was inflation, R&D and commercial? Or just R&D and commercial?
Peter Wilver: No, just R&D and commercial. The inflation doesn't quite offset the productivity but it's a pretty significant number.
Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. And then just commenting on the Asia. You commented that that your Asia growth was mid-single digits. Was that off a harder comparison? I'm surprised that growth rate's not a bit higher. And I'm just forgetting exactly what happened in this period last year in terms of the Asia comp, if you will.
Peter Wilver: The Asia comp was a little tougher last year. It wasn't a huge comp. The toughest comp that we had was rest of the world, which is a high-single-digit positive number. I think in Asia, we're just looking at some timing. Obviously, in Q1, we had a huge order in Japan. So we don't have that particular volume in Q2. So I think it's just timing of orders rather than a comparison issue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg from Macquarie Capital.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: Marc, can you maybe just talk a little bit more, you made a couple acquisitions in the PCR and you answered some questions surrounding those. But can you maybe broaden that out a little bit more, I guess, in terms of maybe your appetite for moving into some of the other areas of genetic analysis within the life sciences side of your end markets maybe one of the faster-growing buckets? And I think previously, there was a little bit more reluctance to move in there, and I don't know if you're looking at PCR as a unique situation given some of the patent issues or if there's a bit more of an appetite to maybe move into some of those other markets.
Marc Casper: So when you look at the acquisitions, Jon -- let me answer it. Let's look at what we've done this year. We spent a little over $500 billion. And what we have focused on, certainly, in 2010 is buying businesses that serve attractive markets, that in our combination with our business, will help us accelerate growth and that we add unique value. So you can just look at something that's more industrially oriented, kind of field-based, Ahura Scientific, while we have the best channel to market with our portable elemental analyzers. We have an incredible stable of spectroscopy technologies. You put those two businesses together, it not only serves a more attractive market, on average, but also, we bring unique value to it. If you look at our bioscience acquisitions, both in Finnzymes and Fermentas, the same thing. We have a very strong Biosciences presence; we didn't participate as much in PCR. These two assets together plus our reach to the market and some interesting changes to the IP landscape gives us an ability to accelerate growth from those businesses. So that's how we think about it. Proxeon, we obviously have great strengths in proteomics. We're adding to the workflow there, again, attractive markets. When we think about genetic analysis, the way we participate today is really on the diagnostics side. We have a very strong presence in doing genetic analysis there. We don't play in the sequencing market in any material fashion. It's not a space that we've spent a lot of time or effort to think about in terms of trying to get into. So that's how we think about the various segments and how we're deploying capital to leverage our unique depth of capabilities and ultimately continue to add to our organic growth long-term.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: Okay, thanks. That's helpful. I think in your guidance, Pete, you said you assume that flu would be normal. A lot of people are talking about maybe not having any flu, whatsoever, given a lot of flu in the channel from last year and also just not seeing much in the Southern Hemisphere. And so I'm just curious, if flu were to come in -- if it weren't to be a normal season in the second half, if it were to be more minimal, just what kind of impact would you expect that to have on your guidance, all else equal, obviously?
Peter Wilver: Yes, that's a very difficult number to get at because our flu revenues are not just the actual flu kits, there's also kind of flu-related revenue based on that sort of tends to drive hospital visits and usage of other consumables that we sell. So it's a tough number to get at. Just to give you an idea, we've already got baked into our numbers a $20 million decline year-over-year because of flu. Between kind of the H1N1 blip, it gives you a rough order of magnitude of what kind of revenue we're looking at there. So it's just impossible to predict what that would be.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: Right. So just to clarify, $20 million reduction year-over-year for the second half?
Peter Wilver: Yes, that's what we have baked into the numbers right now. That's to get back to a normal season.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Knight from CLSA.
Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Pete, first, Biosite is at about $25 million a quarter in the second half?
Peter Wilver: No. for the second half, the total impact is around $90 million negative. So it's about $45 million negative. Now we do have an alternative supplier that we're bringing up to speed that's going to offset some of that. So it probably net's down to around $55 million, I guess, pretty close to your $25 million a quarter.
Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So in the second half, between H1N1 and Biosite, is that, what, about 200 basis points of impact on organic growth?
Peter Wilver: No, not quite 200. It's about 150 basis points, I would say.
Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: What is the assumption for organic growth in the last two quarters of this year?
Peter Wilver: So the range, if you look at our full year guidance range, it's 3% to 5%. So for the second half of the year, it's basically negative 1% to plus 2% is what that range translates to.
Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Why is that?
Peter Wilver: In terms of the negative 1% to plus 2%?
Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Yes.
Peter Wilver: And I know it feels a bit weak compared to what we've reported in the first half of the year. So again, as I said, if you look at our full year, it's 3% to 5% organic growth. If you take out flu and Biosite, it's more like 4% to 6% growth. If you look at the first half, it 8% growth organically, and the midpoint of that guidance range would basically be flat. So we've got 8% going to flat. As we talked about, we have a calendar shift between the first and fourth quarters as well as the flu and Biosite headwinds would actually impact the second half more dramatically than the first half. And we also have much different comparisons between the two halves of the year. So if you basically adjust all the results to remove all the noise, the first half grew about 7% organically, that's adjusting for the calendar and Biosite and flu compared to minus 6%. So you've got plus 7% compared to minus 6% in the first half. At the midpoint of our guidance, the second half, again, adjusting for all that, is around 4% growth compared to flat last year. So if you net the two, you basically have flat in the first half and say, positive 2% in the second half. So we're really looking at accelerating growth into the second half of the year.
Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay. And then, Marc, Europe, mid-single digits seems to be a good bright spot, geographically. What's going on there?
Marc Casper: So in terms of Europe, a few things: One is when I look at the performance of the business, we saw good performance across the geographies. No particular geography within Europe was materially worse than another. And I was particularly pleased because our healthcare-related Diagnostics business did very well. Our industrially related businesses also did quite well. My pharma comments are probably equally true in Europe and North America, where there's a little bit more reticence to spend right now. But we saw a good second quarter. We're paying close attention to what's going on from everything we read about, governmental austerity programs. But on the other side, there's been some early talk about increasing funding in Europe in 2011 for research and innovation, which could be a positive next year as well. So we keep a close eye on it, but right now things continue to progress well in Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalli (sic) [Bhalla] from Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: Just wanted to follow up on that Europe question. Can you talk a little bit about pricing that you're seeing in Europe? I hear what you said earlier about the 1% rising you've gotten overall, but I'm curious about Europe, specifically. And then can you also quantify the impact of stimulus in the quarter?
Marc Casper: Sure. So in terms of pricing, it didn't vary much in Europe versus other geographies in terms of price competitiveness. As Pete said, high-end instruments a little bit more competitive in terms of where pricing environment is globally versus Consumables where pricing is sticking more easily. So we didn't see a big geographic view at this point. From a stimulus perspective, roughly in the quarter, $15 million of revenue. That puts us, when stimulus started last year at about $125 million. We're well within the $100 million to $200 million range. We're well within the range we said this year. We continue to expect to see some stimulus funding in the back half of the year as well.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: You mentioned that the Analytical Instruments were strong in the applied markets. Just wondering if you could expand on Analytical Instrument performance in some of your other end markets, if there were also growth or were there any declines.
Marc Casper: Yes, so when you look at our Analytical Instruments businesses, applied markets were strong; portable analyzers, which serves broad-based industrial was strong; in general, mass spec did well. There was nothing that we really had very significant headwinds, other than our part of our Process Instruments business, which is our metals and minerals business, the very, very long cycle economically capital-intensive business. Those are late-cycle business. That still is weak, but there's some brighter spots starting to pick up there as well. So the things you'd expect to be picking up in this stage of the economy define. The very late cycle stuff is still a few quarters out, but in general, I feel good about what's going on in Analytical Instruments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tony Butler from Barclays Capital.
Charles Butler - Barclays Capital: Marc, you commented about the industrial markets having easy comps and improving. But the question is can you say that on a sequential basis, such that even in the back half, that would be an improvement?
Marc Casper: So the comparisons get, as Pete said, broadly tougher in the second half of the year, which will make the organic growth number on a reported basis a little bit lower. But I believe that the end markets will continue to improve slightly as the year progresses. So I think that the market conditions are continuing to improve. The late-cycle stuff will slowly improve as well, and that means that I'm feeling better about industrial halfway through the year than I did at the beginning of the year. It just translates, as we anticipated, into a very, very strong organic first half and a slower organic growth in the second half. But that's exactly as we articulated in February. We articulated that again exactly in the same way in April. And we're just reminding everybody today in July of how the calendarization works, but we feel that the markets are improving.
Charles Butler - Barclays Capital: Thanks very much, and, Pete, based upon that articulation for guidance in May, there were comments made, I seem to recall, around the acquisitions contributing 2%. Obviously, FX at that time was $1.22 and currently at $1.29. I'm actually curious if, in fact, your projections for the rest of the year are for a weaker or stronger dollar. And moreover, is the acquisition pace going to decline based upon May versus the second half?
Peter Wilver: So the comments back in May -- so what's included in our guidance today is about a 3% tailwind from acquisitions, so that's including all the acquisitions that we've completed to date. Our forward-looking revenue guidance doesn't include any other assumptions for future acquisitions, so it's just that 3%, which is the acquisitions that we've completed so far. The % that I referenced in terms of our guidance in terms of the headwind, that was versus our previous guidance that we gave in our Q1 earnings call. In May, that was sort of a middle point. We chose not to change guidance. We did reference the fact that we had FX headwinds at that point in time and we weren't changing guidance until it settled down a little bit. At this point in time, the rates that we have included in our guidance at this point are lower than they were in Q1, but they are slightly better than what was happening in the May time frame. We just chose not to update guidance at that point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkels (sic) [Schenkel] from Cohen and Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC: So in your prepared remarks, you stated that end markets are holding up at about levels you saw in the first quarter. Just to be clear, were there any surprises related to, say, sales patterns in Europe or the industrial end market or biopharma related to the broader macroeconomic backdrop that became more pronounced, say, at the end of the quarter and the early part of Q3? Or is it really business as usual, and that's the way it's been throughout the first half?
Marc Casper: Pretty much business as usual, very much in line with what we expected, which is slowly improving economic situations. So we weren't surprised. Healthcare, clearly, got a little bit weaker. Hospital visits, doctor visits were down. I don't think anybody had a crystal ball on the particular one. But surprise is a strong word. I'd say that I tried to give you the nuances of each of the segments and what kind of little better, what were kind of little worse, but nothing really surprised us per se.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC: And nothing more pronounced at the end of the quarter?
Marc Casper: No, nothing from a timing perspective that really changed.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. You spent a lot of time talking about hospital weakness, particularly in the U.S. It doesn't sound like things really changed any pronounced way in other geographies. With that in mind, assuming that's correct, if there were to be a slowdown in Europe, should we be concerned about anything along the lines of the destocking dynamics that we saw last year, I believe, to some degree in the U.S. market?
Marc Casper: We're not overly concerned about that. The European healthcare portion of our business is not a huge portion of our business. Because in healthcare in particular, within the company, it's more heavily weighted towards the U.S. So even if there were dramatic changes, of which we're not clearly not anticipating, I wouldn't expect that to have a very significant impact on our performance.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. Japan was a bright spot for a lot of companies in the first quarter. I'm not sure if you mentioned that in your prepared remarks. If you did, I missed it. But how did Japan fare relative to Q1?
Marc Casper: So Japan was phenomenal in Q1. We had an incredible mass spec performance, which we're very proud of, in terms of capturing stimulus funds. The first half was good but the second quarter was clearly weaker than the first, not a surprise, which is why Asia-Pacific growth was around the company average. Now clearly, China and India continue to perform well for us. So broadly, we feel fine about what's going on in Asia.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. Does a stronger dollar, at all, increase the likelihood that you might do more M&A in sort of geographies? I'm just wondering if, Pete, that affects the way you guys think about things in a material way.
Peter Wilver: No, it really doesn't. Obviously, you can't exactly time those kinds of things anyway. If you look at how quickly the euro changed over the last month or so, it takes a while to close deals, so it just doesn't enter into the equation when we're looking at acquisitions.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin from UBS.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: Hey, Pete, your net interest expense for the quarter was several million dollars higher than what I was expecting. And it's like [ph] (1:04:22.6) what's your target for that for the full year?
Peter Wilver: Well, the net interest expense, probably why it's higher than what you thought it would be is that we had to carry the kind of double debt until we could retire the $500 million note that didn't get retired until July 1. So the full year is basically consistent with what we were saying last quarter, other than we did a couple of acquisitions. So it's between $70 million, $75 million.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: Got you. And I know last year -- I'm going back to the question of the Biosite contract. I know last year, you had roughly $20 million headwind in Q1, Q2, Q3. But I thought that was kind of annualized in Q4. There wasn't any problem in Q4. Was there another change in that contract that I completely missed?
Peter Wilver: Other than the fact that, yes, it's totally transitioning away from us as of July 1, but we did experience basically not as quick a transition away from us on the BNP product, which was the original contract modification. So we actually did have a little more revenue in Q4 last year than what we might have expected. So that still created a little bit of a tough comp for us, again, this year in Q4.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And the calendar days issues in Q4, that's, by my calculations, somewhere between a negative 2%, negative 3% headwind that it created.
Peter Wilver: No, as we said in Q1, we could benefitted about 4% to 5% in Q1, so we expect to lose 4% to 5% in Q4.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And I guess the -- you had about $0.01 impact on FX for this quarter that you took. Is it I mean roughly the same type of impact the next two quarters?
Peter Wilver: Well the $0.01 was just the change in guidance. So the full impact of FX -- I don't have it off of the top of my head. I mean the change is basically $0.03 from our previous guidance, so yes, the change is about $0.01 a quarter from where we were before.
Marc Casper: So said another way, Derik, when you think about maintaining the guidance effectively, what we're saying is that we're going to offset the FX headwinds that we saw, about $0.03. We feel good about the organic growth prospects and the operating performance and feel like we can offset the FX headwind. So that's really the only thing that changed when you look at last quarter to this quarter.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And then just one final comment because I'm getting from investors. I mean you have any crystal balls in terms of looking at what happens to the NIH funding and the government funding as you kind of look at next year. There's going to be elections I think 2011. What are your sources telling you?
Marc Casper: We don't have a crystal ball. More is always better. That's what we always prefer. There's probably going to be some increase in governmental spending in Europe in that realm. And clearly, what we read and hear about the priorities is that NIH is an important priority. Exactly how that's going to translate into funding is unclear. Thanks. So let me just do a couple quick closing remarks. First, we are pleased to deliver the record EPS results that we did in the quarter. We had a very strong first half of the year, driven by our operating performance. That puts us on track to achieve our financial goals for the year. Thanks, as always, for your continued support of the company, and I certainly, and Pete certainly looks forward to updating you next quarter. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Eileen Pattinson  Senior Director, IR Greg Lucier  Chairman & CEO David Hoffmeister  SVP & CFO Bernd Brust  President & Chief Commercial Operations Officer Mark Stevenson  President & COO
Analysts: Quintin Lai  Robert Baird Tycho Peterson  JPMorgan Doug Schenkel  Cowen and Company Marshall Urist  Morgan Stanley Jon Groberg  Macquarie Capital Steven Lichtman  JMP Securities Derik De Bruin  UBS Capital Jon Wood  Jefferies Jeff Ares  Leerink Swann Dan Leonard  First Analysis Peter Lawson  Thomas Weisel Partners Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2010 Life Technologies Corporation earnings conference call. My name is Tamina [ph] and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Eileen Pattinson, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed, maam.
Eileen Pattinson: Thank you, Tamina, and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to Life Technologies' First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today are Greg Lucier, our Chairman and CEO and David Hoffmeister, Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Mark Stevenson, our Chief Operating Officer and Bernd Brust, our Chief Commercial Officer are available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you haven't received a copy of today's press release, you may obtain one from our website at lifetechnologies.com. I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the Company. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. It is our intent that these forward-looking statements be protected under the Safe Harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in today's press release or on our website. I will now hand the call over to Greg Lucier.
Greg Lucier: Thanks, Eileen, and thanks to all of you for joining us. I hope youve had a chance to review the press release we put out this afternoon. As you can see from our results, we delivered another quarter of strong top and bottom line growth and we are pleased with how we have started 2010. Revenue grew 10% organically to $887 million, a result of terrific growth in both instruments and consumables. Operating margins expanded by 330 basis points to hit a record 29.5%. And earnings per share grew 21% to $0.87 for the quarter. This quarter marks the 14th quarter in a row that this Company has met or exceeded its financial targets on both the top and the bottom line. This milestone demonstrates how seriously we take our commitments to our shareholders. Our teams around the world have proven that they know how to put their heads down and get the work done, driving above market revenue growth with a relentless focus on execution. As I do every quarter, I will take a few moments now to talk about these results in the context of our strategic imperatives delivering on the integration, realizing the potential of this new Company, and investing for the future. First, we made significant progress on our integration goals for the year. The sales force reorganization is complete and our reps are hitting the street with a singular purpose of adding value for our customers. Our ultimate goal is to become their partner of choice by providing unparalled customer service, and offering an expansive portfolio of innovative products that simplify and streamline entire workflows. In addition, we announced the closure of two manufacturing site in Camarillo, California, and Bromborough, UK. The work to consolidate these operations into our facilities in Frederick, Maryland and Warrington in the UK is well underway and going successfully. These initiatives, as well as many others will generate an additional $20 million in annualized synergies. This brings us one step closer to our goal of putting action plans in place that will generate an additional $70 million in annualized savings by the end of this year. Our diligence [ph] approach to the integration has not only paid off from a near term synergy perspective, but has set us up for success in other important ways. In particular, weve made great strides in realizing the potential of the new Company, which is our second strategic imperative. Let me now share with you some ways in which we optimize the value of our combined Company in the first quarter. As I mentioned, we grew revenue 10% organically. Regionally, Japan was a standup performer with 23% growth for the quarter. Throughout 2009 our team in Japan executed on a strategy to optimize our commercial structure in the region. Among other actions, we increased the number of sales reps in the field and implemented a new dealer strategy that more closely aligned incentives with performance. These efforts position us well to take advantage of the additional research funding that the Japanese government released in the first quarter of 2010. As a result, we had strong sales across all of our businesses in Japan with a notable increase in sales of the new 3500 Genetic Analyzer and the Neon Transfection system. Growth in Japan was also positively impacted from a lift in realized price and recognition of the last installment from the landmark police forensics deal. We are very pleased with this performance and recognize the tremendous efforts that our team in Japan is putting forth. However, this remains a very challenging region, and we expect growth to be in the low-single digits for the balance of the year now. The Americas region grew 8% in the quarter with stimulus-related revenues contributing approximately 3% of this growth. While we did not see a significant ramp up in stimulus revenues for the fourth quarter, we are still confident  from the fourth quarter, we are still confident in our estimate of greater than $100 million over the life of this federal program. However, because of the slow ramp up in stimulus related spending, we believe that more of this revenue might now push into 2011 than we had originally anticipated Id like to now talk a bit about our last strategic priority, investing for future growth. As Ive stated in the past, we expect to grow revenue one to two points faster than the market for the foreseeable future. One of the ways in which we will achieve this goal is the consistent introduction of new and innovative products. It is critical to have an eye on the future and anticipate the areas that will drive growth in the months and the years to come. To that end, we have spent considerable efforts fine-tuning our innovation techniques over the last 24 months and focus our efforts on several key areas, including genetic sequencing, synthetic biology, flow cytometry, benchtop devices, and PCR. In addition to meeting the needs of our research customers, investments in these areas will increasingly move us into higher growth in commercial and clinical realms. We will go into more detail about our investment strategies at our upcoming investor day in June, but I will give you a few highlights of some of our recent product introductions now. Yesterday, we issued a press release about the debut of the industrys first benchtop proteomic and epigenetic sample preparation system, the MAGic Sample Processor. In line with our strategy of offering innovative products that simplify and streamline workflows, this new device cuts protocol times in half and dramatically reduces experimental errors by automating manual processes. MAGic utilizes microfluidics, thermal controls, and integrated magnetic separation technology, which enables researchers to more easily perform technically challenging experiments in protein purification and epigenetics. We are particularly excited about this launch as it is another product in a growing line of innovative, productivity-enhancing benchtop devices. And I might add, it combines the very best of Life Technologies engineering, Dynal bead technology, and our consumables channel [ph]. It is a product that couldnt have been created without the creating of Life Technologies. In addition to the launch of MAGic, last week at the America Association for Cancer Research, we unveiled several new technologies, including research only KRAS and BRAF mutation analysis reagents that can be analyzed using the 3500 Genetic Analyzer. We also announced our newest innovation in real-time PCR, the ViiA 7 Real-Time PCR System. The ViiA 7 System offers maximum productivity, ease of use, and instrument to instrument consistency. While the ViiA 7 System is currently for research use only, it was designed with clinical applications in mind. We expect to get a CE IVD mark later in the year and ultimately plan for 510(k) in the U.S. Gaining these clearances will extend the application of the ViiA 7 System beyond research lab and into clinical and diagnostic markets. The launch of the ViiA 7 System is part of our broader strategy to extend our leadership position in PCR by setting new technology standards. We began executing upon this strategy in 2009 when we acquired Cytonix for intellectual property related to digital PCR technology and then followed that with the acquisition of BioTrove for its OpenArray platform, enabling high throughput traditional genotyping into PCR as well as digital PCR reads. Today, I am pleased to announce the acquisition of Stokespile [ph] whose ground-breaking technology redefines the current play-safe paradigm for the PCR process, generating orders of magnitude more date in less time. Stokespile has developed the microfluidics based system for high throughput, highly flexible genotyping, gene expression analysis, and digital PCR. This technology is well-suited to meet the ever-growing demand for higher throughput genomic analysis in agriculture, drug discovery, translational research, and other applications being fuelled by the rapid rate of discovery from next generation sequencing systems such as ours. The acquisition of Stokespile is another very exciting step forward as we continue to build out and redefine the PCR industry. These combined assets will enable our vision of delivering (inaudible) performance and quality, fast, easy, and configured for customer throughput and flexibility needs. Building out our PCR franchise through both internal development and the acquisition of technologies is just one example of how we are investing in our future. We have programs in place that will ultimately drive our business forward and its a smart and efficient allocation of resources to these programs that will set us up for success in the years to come. With that, I will turn it over to David who will provide a little more color on our divisional performance and overall financial results. David?
David Hoffmeister: Thanks, Greg. This quarter we grew revenue 13% to $887 million. Currency had a positive four point impact on reported revenue growth and acquisitions and divestitures had a negative one point impact. Excluding the effect of currency, acquisitions, and divestitures, revenue grew 10% organically. This performance was the result of strong volume growth and better pricing in most areas of the business. In addition, growth was positively impacted by three items in particular. As Greg mentioned before, we recognized $8 million in revenue from the last installment of the Japanese police order. We also benefited from spending related to the supplemental budget in Japan which added $4 million in revenues. And finally, revenue associated with the NIH stimulus totaled $10 million. These three items added about 3% to the overall growth rate. Before I walk through some of divisional highlights, Id like to point out a relatively small change in our division structure that went into effect at the beginning of the year. In order to better align certain technologies within our divisions, we created a new business unit called Applied Molecular Testing, which is now part of the Molecular Biology Systems division. Going forward, all of our animal, biosecurity, food, and environmental testing products will be accounted for in this new business unit. In addition to this change, we moved certain products associated with our pharma analytics business from Genetic Systems to Cell Systems to more closely align our product offerings for pharmaceutical and biological production. As a result, product lines totaling approximately $50 million in revenue were moved between divisions. For year-over-year comparison purposes, weve posted a worksheet on our website that restates divisional revenue for 2009. In addition, we will be providing more detail during the post earnings Q&A call later this afternoon. Now, I will get into the divisional highlights. Molecular Biology Systems grew approximately 10% organically to $432 million in revenue. Our PCR business grew in the teens, driven by particularly strong demand for instruments in the Americas and Asia as well as the Japanese police order that I referenced earlier. Genomic Assays also performed well with double-digit growth in the Americas, Asia-Pacific, and Japan. Lastly, the Molecular Biology Reagent business benefited from strong sales for reagents in all regions. Genetic Systems grew 12% organically to $238 million. CE, our largest technology group in this division grew mid-single digits for the quarter, driven by growth in both consumables and instruments. Consumables continued to experience solid growth in research and applied applications. Instrument growth was driven by strong sales in clinical research, particularly for the newly launched 3500 Genetic Analyzer, partially offset by a year-over-year decline in instruments sold into applied markets due to a large sale in the first quarter of last year. And finally, we continue to gain traction in next generation sequencing as we improve the ease-of-use and the performance of the SOLiD platform. Ongoing improvements in the technology, new product launches such as the SOLiD PI system, along with investments in our field support sales teams and marketing are paying off. A good example of this is the British Columbia Cancer Agencys purchase of 10 SOLiD 4 units for their research. The accuracy of the SOLiD system is increasingly recognized by thought leaders as critical for cancer related research. Cell systems had revenues of $214 million, representing 8% organic growth. Growth in this division increased compared to prior quarters as pharmaceutical and biotech end markets started to improve. This quarter saw a double-digit growth in bioproduction, driven by new drug introductions, and the timing of large customer orders. Primary and stem cell systems also posted strong growth in the quarter, driven by demand for both media and reagents. And lastly, our Dynal beads based business grew in the double digits on large orders from molecular diagnostic customers. In terms of organic growth by region, the Americas grew 8%; Europe grew 5%, Asia-Pacific 25%, and Japan 23%. As I mentioned earlier, currency added four points of growth to revenue for the quarter, net of our hedging program. The positive impact to EPS was approximately 7% or $0.07 including foreign currency impacts accounted for in revenue and other income. First quarter non-GAAP gross margin was 68.3%, an increase of approximately 160 basis points over prior year. This improvement was primarily due to price, currency, synergies, and manufacturing productivity. On a sequential basis, gross margins increased by 330 basis points due to increases in price and royalty revenue and higher productivity in our plants. Keep in mind that gross margins in the fourth quarter are typically lower, so sequential increase was expected. First quarter operating expenses were $343 million, an increase over prior year levels of 8% with currency, and 6% without currency. Operating expenses increased due to increases in R&D, depreciation, and cost associated with employee stock options. Sequentially, operating expenses were relatively flat, mainly due to delaying some investments until we had a better understanding of how stimulus related revenues would flow in the quarter. Operating income was $262 million, an increase of 27% over prior year including the impact of currency, and 20% excluding currency. Operating margin was 29.5%, representing 330 basis points of improvement year-over-year, including the impact from currency. This level of operating margin expansion resulted from improved gross margins, synergies and other operating expense reductions. As weve said before, our goal over the next several years is to consistently deliver 50 plus basis points of operating margin improvements. In terms of other income, we had $1 million of interest income, $3 million from currency gain, and $1 million of expense from our mass spec joint venture. Interest expense for the quarter was $30 million. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 30%, slightly higher than guidance due to the expiration of the federal R&D tax credit. We believe that this tax credit will be renewed at some time during the year. If renewed, the credit will reduce our full year tax rate by approximately one percentage point. Therefore, we expect our full year tax rate to be between 29% and 29.5%. Our diluted share count for the quarter was 190 million shares. As you will recall, our share count is impacted by our stock price due to our convertible debt and employee stock options. We continue to expect a full year diluted share count of 192 million to 194 million shares, assuming an average stock price for the year between $52 and $55 per share. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.48, which includes the gain of $0.14 per share on the sale of the mass spec division, $0.25 of acquisition related amortization expense, $0.03 per share of non-cash interest expense associated with the adoption of APB 14-1, $0.08 per share of business integration cost and other items, and $0.17 per share of accelerated amortization of debt issuance cost resulting from the early repayment of debt. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes these items, diluted earnings per share were $0.87, a 21% increase over last year. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow, our ending cash and short term investments were $642 million. This compares to last years balance of $648 million. Cash from operating activities was $71 million, capital expenditures were $30 million, and free cash flow was $41 million. As a reminder, free cash flow is lower in the first quarter due to the payout of annual employee bonuses. Return on invested capital increased 0.5% to 8.6%. We are making good progress towards our goal of a 10% return on invested capital in the next couple of years. Paying down debt continues to be our top priority. To that end, we use the proceeds from the sale of the mass spec joint venture and the bond offering, as well as cash on hand to pay off term loans amounting to $1.97 billion. As a result, our ending debt as of March 31st was $2.64 billion. This balance is made up of our convertible debt of $1.15 billion and senior notes of $1.5 billion. Our leverage ratio is approximately 2.7 times, and we still expect to be between 2.0 and 2.5 times by the end of the year. Since the merger of Invitrogen and Applied Biosystems, weve paid off $900 million in debt. Ill now move on to our expectations for the rest of the year. Our full year guidance is unchanged. Revenue growth is expected to be in the mid-to-high single digits and EPS is expected to be in the range of $3.30 to $3.50. As we stated in our Q4 call, the impact from the NIH stimulus is the main driver between the mid- and the high-single digit revenue growth. As Greg mentioned earlier, the impact from the stimulus was approximately the same as we saw in the fourth quarter of last year, $10 million. At this point, we expect that the impact of stimulus funding will be spread over a longer period of time with more of the spending now pushed into 2011. Well keep you updated on the impact of the stimulus funding as we move through the year. As is our practice, I will also give you a few specific items to take into consideration for the coming quarter. First, in regard to the stimulus, as we stated on the Q4 call, we intend to reinvest approximately half of the operating profit from the stimulus back into the business to fund future growth opportunities. These reinvestments will begin in the second quarter and will be primarily focused on R&D and commercial projects in emerging markets such as China and India. Gross margins are expected to decrease sequentially as price is normally strongest in the first quarter. Additionally, in the second quarter we expect to sell a higher mix of instruments, which are lower margin than our consumables. Operating expenses are expected to increase sequentially due to increases in investment in emerging markets and R&D as well as the full quarter impact of new hires and merit increases that went into effect at the beginning of April. Our currency guidance is unchanged. We continue to expect the impact on revenue will be one to two points of additional growth for the year, including the impact of our hedging programs. And lastly, weve received questions on the impact to our business of the eruption of the volcano in Iceland, and we are pleased to report there has been no material impact on revenue. Delivery times did increase slightly due to a switch to  a switch from air to ground freight. However, we were able to supply our customers from stock at our European distribution centers. And with that, I will now hand the call over to Eileen for Q&A.
Eileen Pattinson: Thank you, David. Because of time constraints, Id like to ask everyone to limit themselves to one question and one followup question. If you have additional questions after that and you would like to ask please get back in the queue and we can take any remaining questions on the post call scheduled for later this afternoon. Operator, we are now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Quintin Lai with Robert Baird. Please proceed.
Quintin Lai  Robert Baird: Hi, good afternoon. Nice start to the year, guys.
Greg Lucier: Thank you.
Quintin Lai  Robert Baird: First question, Greg. With respect to the NIH stimulus and its getting  it looks like its going to be spread out a little bit further, could you tell us a little bit about what are your customers doing, is it just being more cautious? And then with respect to your reaffirmed guidance, is it that other markets or new products will help make up for that little push-out?
Greg Lucier: Well, Quintin, I think the first quarter shows that even with a lower stimulus spending than perhaps we all envisioned we still grew organically at 10%. And so I think it shows that the teams are executing and that we may be perhaps gaining share, and so as we look at now stimulus being spread out over more quarters than we originally thought, I think what we are counting on and weve demonstrated it that we can execute, we can grow, and still achieve the financial estimates that weve given you and others for the 2010 year.
Quintin Lai  Robert Baird: And then just a quick followup, what percent of your sales are being generated by new products over like the last two years?
Greg Lucier: Eileen may be I will turn that to you in terms of that particular fact.
Eileen Pattinson: We actually havent given out that level of details in terms of new  revenue generated by new products, but well get into more detail, Quintin, at the analyst day in June.
Quintin Lai  Robert Baird: Super, thank you, guys.
Operator: Our following question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Tycho Peterson  JPMorgan: Hey thanks for taking the question. David, in your comments a minute ago, you just talked about some of the commercial investments in China and India. Can you elaborate a little bit on what that entails?
David Hoffmeister: Why dont I hand that over to Bernd.
Bernd Brust: Hi, Tycho, how are you. In China and India, I mean the focus really continues to be for us to get closer and closer to our customers, that really that means a couple of things. We continue to invest in our IT infrastructure, making sure our websites are in local language and has accessibility to local markets that way as well as continuing to invest in direct sales forces for both those countries.
Tycho Peterson  JPMorgan: Okay. And then with regards to the flow cytometry business, youve talked about that being a pretty large market; I think $1.7 billion or so. Can you talk a little bit about how the early reception to Attune has been and how you are approaching the go-to-market strategy?
Greg Lucier: Mark, you want to grab that one?
Mark Stevenson: Yes, I can add to that. So, yes, we see its a big opportunity, actually $1.4 billion was the number we put out for the size of the market. Weve just started shipping our first early access units to customers here in the U.S. and shipped our first units into Europe. The reaction has been very positive, particularly around the ability to detect rare events, so the ability to slow the flow down and to do something that other systems can't do in traditional flow has been well received by the market.
Tycho Peterson  JPMorgan: Okay, and then, Mark, just one last one on the enhancements to SOLiD that you highlighted at EasyBead. Can you talk a little bit about how EasyBead has done and what the customer reception has been to SOLiD 4?
Mark Stevenson: The customer reception on EasyBead has been very positive. I mean really that was one of the major bottlenecks they were finding. And so just being able to automate that front end is a big relief for many of those customers who wanted to get into the accuracy, but needed that automation up front. And then on SOLiD 4, really the combination of the new pricing and the roll out of the new software and system in there has been well received. Weve been very active in this quarter in rolling that out and a good update on the SOLiD 4; we had our best quarter ever as you saw in our results.
Tycho Peterson  JPMorgan: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our following question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company. Please proceed, sir.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen and Company: Hi, good afternoon.
Greg Lucier: Hi.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen and Company: So, first question, I believe you said that there were some signs the biopharma end market is starting to improve. Could you just provide a little bit more color in terms of exactly what you are seeing and would you be willing to tell us what biopharma sales growth is incorporated into your guidance?
Greg Lucier: Well, in the latter part, I dont think we are willing to disclose that level of detail, but on the first part of your comment, as we look at the first quarter of 2009 and then compare it to the first quarter of 2010 there clearly has been a recovery in research spending across the biopharma customer base for us. Now, its still not having returned to 2008 levels, but its coming back quarter-by-quarter nicely and that type of incremental return is what we have thought about and included in our 2010 estimate.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen and Company: And any chance you would be willing to speak to whether you are seeing demand across all areas of pharma spending, meaning is it more an early-stage or its late-stage, do you have that level of detail available?
Greg Lucier: Well, screening campaigns as an example greatly dropped off when the economic crisis hit. We are starting to see screening campaigns return again. And we are also seeing more spending back into the basic research areas as well. And so Id say there is just overall a better tone and tenor to the research spending in that customer base.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen and Company: And one more question, Greg, I think you were over at the GET conference today at Boston or was that I think you were scheduled to be there. You know there is a decent focus I mean the focus of that meeting was on personalized genomes. One of your challenges in second generation sequencing has been the fact that you were second to the market. Do you expect this challenge that youve had over the last couple of years with SOLiD to be different in this area of sequencing, I mean do you think you are better positioned at personalized medicine?
Greg Lucier: Well, I think as Mark referenced, we believe SOLiD has a distinct accuracy advantage versus other platforms, and customers that are discriminating are starting to understand that and we think that really allows SOLiD to be a preferred platform for medical applications. And thats where all our efforts really ever more are focused is this move more towards the clinical application of sequencing. So, that is, as Mark said, why we had one of our best quarters ever in SOLiD and why we feel that while we may have been second, we might just be first in terms of the medical application of sequencing.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen and Company: Okay, thats great. And actually, if can slip one more, and, Mark 
Eileen Pattinson: Doug, you need to get back in the queue.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen and Company: You got to catch on, okay. Alright, I will get back in the queue. Sorry about that and thanks for taking my question.
Eileen Pattinson: Thanks.
Operator: Our following question comes from Marshall Urist with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed, sir.
Marshall Urist  Morgan Stanley: Yes, hey guys, good afternoon. So, first question, if we just cut the business as consumables growth versus instruments in the quarter, can you tell us kind of what the relative organic growth rates were?
Eileen Pattinson: So, Greg, I can take that. We actually grew low-double digits in both areas of the business.
Marshall Urist  Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then just I mean I realize that you may be pushing out some of the stimulus into next year, but maybe talking about  so are expecting kind of this $10 million level to continue over the next few quarters? Do we still see some incremental growth off of that and kind of is that making you comfortable still with organic growth guidance for the year.
Greg Lucier: Well, we feel comfortable about the organic growth guidance for the year. Weve reaffirmed that. But in terms of particular amount of stimulus in the ensuing quarters, I will defer it to you, Eileen, in terms of disclosure.
David Hoffmeister: Well, I think (inaudible) Greg, this is David, if I can add, in our guidance, in our revenue guidance weve said a growth for the year of mid-to-high single digits. And that basically covers that range of stimulus. So if we get more stimulus well move towards that high-single digit growth. Lower level of stimulus that we have well be closer to mid-single digits. And I think no one knows. You know we are watching it very closely. Bernd has a dedicated team thats following it, but its really beyond our control. Well just see how it flows out.
Marshall Urist  Morgan Stanley: Okay, great, thanks.
Operator: Our following question comes from Jon Groberg with Macquarie Capital. Please proceed, sir.
Jon Groberg  Macquarie Capital: Hi, thanks a million for taking the question. Just two questions. The first is you mentioned on the Genetic Systems and CE that you continue to see some growth and I am curious one of the labs that reported last week was saying that even though people are very interested, states are very interested in forensics and human identification, that given the budget situation that many of these are there, just not able to do what perhaps they would like to do. And I am just curious if you are seeing any of that impact or expect to see some of that impact as you go throughout the year?
Greg Lucier: Mark, you want to handle that one?
Mark Stevenson: Yes, I mean so far our demand for the forensic sample analysis far outstretches both capabilities of lab and to some extend funding. So to the extent there is more funding available, I mean this year we were fortunate The Debbie Smith Act here in the U.S. was reauthorized fully at $151 million and that gets trickled down to the states. Clearly, the states are under some pressure, but mostly we see the political pressure and will always still to fund the increased DNA testing both here in the U.S. and as weve seen internationally with Japan coming on board and strong growth in other countries around the world. It still is a double-digit growing market for us.
Jon Groberg  Macquarie Capital: Okay. And then, Greg, one of the aspects of the story that was very interesting about in vitro and maybe its gotten lost a little bit is your e-commerce channel. And just I noticed that you are doing pretty good 18% in the quarter. Maybe you can just talk about any initiatives you have there kind of where thats falling and the relative importance of where you look to invest looking forward?
Greg Lucier: Well, we have a goal internally to try to surpass the $1 billion of e-commerce across both the Invitrogen site and the AB.com site, which you know a billion dollars of e-commerce I think in any industry there is probably only a handful that are doing that level of sales. When we combined the two companies, we combined the two e-commerce teams and actually added to them and so weve got a very large team and infrastructure now. And as Bernd said, the real work is to add what maybe as some sophisticated features in other industries into this one, and more importantly in some way is to localize the sites into China, into Japan, into other languages to really drive that revenue growth and its been very successful for us and so we continue it.
Jon Groberg  Macquarie Capital: Thanks a million.
Eileen Pattinson: Operator?
Operator: Our following question comes from the line of Steven Lichtman with JMP Securities. Please proceed.
Steven Lichtman  JMP Securities: Thank you. Good afternoon. First question I had was, did this quarter include any placements of SOLiD to Ignite and if not when is that expected to start this year?
Greg Lucier: Bernd, I will turn that to you.
Bernd Brust: Hi, Steven. No SOLiD units were placed with Ignite yet. As you know, Ignite is still finalizing its business plans. We are all set to continue to partner with them as they finalize how they will get to commercialize soon here. So, at this point, now SOLiD units have been place.
Steven Lichtman  JMP Securities: Okay. And then just the follow-up on foreign currency, may be just a little bit more details on the hedging program, just given the strengthening of the dollar, we are still keeping it in that 1% to 2% range. How are you keeping it still in that positive 1% to 2% impact of the top line and do you expect the bottom line impact to be the same as you thought a couple of months back? Thanks.
Greg Lucier: Yes, at this point we dont see any significant change in our projection.
Steven Lichtman  JMP Securities: (inaudible)
Greg Lucier: No, again either the top line or the bottom line should still be covered by our guidance.
Steven Lichtman  JMP Securities: Okay, great. Alright, thank you.
Operator: Our following question comes from Derik De Bruin with UBS Capital. Please proceed.
Derik De Bruin  UBS Capital: Hi, good afternoon.
Greg Lucier: Good afternoon.
Derik De Bruin  UBS Capital: Hey, I jumped on the call late, so my apologies if you have asked this, but I am curious just on the Cell Systems strength, I am curious just like have you seen a real boost from the stem cell initiatives for that funding was from  coming from California. They had to build (inaudible) has any real meaningful funds come from that or have you seen  as that tied up the budget? And I also kind of want to take that on just a followup on the Cell Systems, so its like what are you seeing in terms of bioproduction, picked up yet? Have some of the recent contamination issues at some of the big companies, have that had an impact on your customers getting more concerned about quality control?
Greg Lucier: Well  I mean this is Greg. Overall, Cell Systems had a very good quarter and as you referenced bioproduction had in particular a good quarter. And the contamination issues you referenced didnt impact us, but as you say I think further stimulates another part of our business, which is  use of PCR technology and quality control. So, we see a very robust future of applying that technology to bioproduction. On the stem cell side, as you know we started that business several years ago and brought in some real strong leadership and thats a business now that continues to grow at very strong double digits spurred on by NIH work, California, overseas, and just the general move towards primary cell usage. So, its been a great business for us and continues to do so.
Derik De Bruin  UBS Capital: And just one quick followup question. I just jumped on late, but the R&D spend was a little bit below where I thought it was going to be tracking for this quarter. Are you still expecting that to ramp up specifically towards the back half as you move forward the year?
Greg Lucier: Well, as we said in our guidance, in the second quarter, we do plan incremental investments in R&D and so you will see the R&D line tick up going forward here.
Derik De Bruin  UBS Capital: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our following question comes from the Jon Wood with Jefferies. Please proceed, sir.
Jon Wood  Jefferies: Hey, thanks a lot. So, it looks like you will be with  I mean I had you below your  within your target leverage ratios, but I think I heard David say 2.7. It looks like you will be well within that in the second quarter. Is it reasonable to assume there are some share repurchases that could begin here in the second quarter?
Greg Lucier: Well, I think our use of capital hasnt changed. So, number one use is pay down the debt and you are right, Jon, we want to get between 2.0 to 2.5 times and that we have said well certainly be there by the end of the year. I dont know if well be there in the second quarter. We also, in terms of paying down the debt, we have a convert thats callable in August. Thats $350 million. And at the current level of stock we would call that at that point in time. Once we are within our range, and we have been, second use of our cash is to look at acquisitions, primarily tuck-in and key technologies. And then our philosophy still is to return excess cash to shareholders. So, at that point we would look at share buybacks, but that will probably be end of the year or 2011.
Jon Wood  Jefferies: Okay. And are you willing to disclose anything, I mean I know you announced a tuck-in today, and then I saw on the tape about a month ago a German Company, (inaudible) disclose what in terms of invested capital to assume from these deals in the second quarter.
Eileen Pattinson: So, Jon, we havent released any information around those two acquisitions in terms of more than what youve already got.
Jon Wood  Jefferies: Okay. And the only way you can pay down debt at this point right is the convert, right, because I think you are fixed on the senior notes side at this point. Is that correct, David?
David Hoffmeister: Yes, thats correct. We have the $1.2 billion roughly of converts outstanding that are  have put call dates over the next three years.
Jon Wood  Jefferies: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our following question comes from Jeff Ares with Leerink Swann. Please proceed, sir.
Jeff Ares  Leerink Swann: Hey guys, thanks for taking the question. Going off of the earlier question about SOLiD and TGen, I remember when that was announced at the time you said there were more potential deals like that in the pipeline. I am wondering if you can provide us with an update on that.
Greg Lucier: Mark and Bernd?
Mark Stevenson: Yes, you will see in the coming pipeline more focus as Greg mentioned where we see these interests in the translational medicine group and TGen is a great example of actually taking what we are discovering about cancer and applying that. And an example again, you saw this last quarter and was in our numbers was the group in BC Kansa [ph] which is really taking a discovery to translational medicine approach. There will be more of those during the coming year and you will see that is announced as we do those deals.
Jeff Ares  Leerink Swann: Okay, great, thanks. And as a followup, could you provide us a little bit of an update on how project Starlight is going and if you guys still target again early access customers by the end of the year?
Mark Stevenson: So, we got very good reception from the technical data that we showed at the scientific meeting, the AGBT, just tremendous interest in some of the features of the system particularly in its ability to do recursive sequencing to go back over and improve both the accuracy and the read length. We are beginning now to talk with the early access customers that saw some of these presentations and would expect to more fully engage with them at the end of this calendar year.
Jeff Ares  Leerink Swann: All right. And one  I mean you talked at the time at AGBT that you would be seeing some other data later this year. Any idea of timing for that like may be (inaudible) spring or?
Greg Lucier: We will release some of that data as we go through. We havent targeted since its not a commercial product particularly in meetings but there will be clear experiments well do and continue to share that with the community.
Jeff Ares  Leerink Swann: All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our following question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with First Analysis. Please proceed, sir.
Dan Leonard  First Analysis: Hi, thank you. My first question is on the revenue guidance. Besides what you mentioned in Japan as well as tougher year-over-year comps, is there anything else that we should think about mitigating your revenue growth for the balance of the year?
Greg Lucier: David?
David Hoffmeister: No, I think that you know the two things that we mentioned were Japan, which had just a phenomenal first quarter. As Greg pointed out, that team has done a great job. But we dont expect growth to continue at that rate in the subsequent quarters. And then the other wild card is what weve talked about as well is the stimulus.
Dan Leonard  First Analysis: Okay, thank you. And my followup, either Greg or David, could you walk me through the thought process in closing Camarillo and what steps youve taken to mitigate any disruption from that closure?
Greg Lucier: You bet. Frederick, Maryland has become ever more of the R&D center for our Cell Systems business. And we have a lot of very talented R&D people there. And so we wanted to centralize the antibody piece of that overall portfolio into Frederick. I would also say that by making it closer to our large distribution center there in Frederick, we can have much more rapid delivery times for the myriad of antibodies that we do provide. Now, in terms of not having disruption, weve gotten pretty good at these transfers as weve brought together AB and Invitrogen and so the same team that transferred production out of Foster City in 2009 is on the job here in Camarillo and weve built up substantial inventories in Frederick ahead of time before we have phased out production in Camarillo.
Dan Leonard  First Analysis: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our following question comes from Peter Lawson with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please proceed.
Peter Lawson  Thomas Weisel Partners: Greg, I wonder if you could just talk to whats happened with the NIH, meaning whats the drug in force behind that delay.
Greg Lucier: Well, I think thats more a speculation than anything if were to give you answers. I think people are generally being cautious. I think they are trying to use other monies first. And I think thats just how we are seeing this play out right now. Now, there is a deadline to this program. It has to all be spent by 2011 and so it will get spent. Its just a question of at what pace.
Peter Lawson  Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you. And then just as a followup on the clinical market, you talked about that. Whats your strategy there for diagnostics and can you talk in any kind of revenue number over the next couple of years for that market?
Greg Lucier: Well, we already do in excess of $300 million a year in molecular diagnostics. We, as I have said to others, have a very strong franchise and the fundamental tools and technologies that go into other peoples diagnostics test. Secondly, we continue to get our platforms, our interim [ph] platforms validated and certified. And as I had mentioned, with the new ViiA 7, thats certainly our goal with this new PCR platform. So, we will have ever more instruments for molecular diagnostics. And then selectively we are making smaller acquisitions like we did with AcroMetrix around molecular diagnostic controls. So we like our strategy. We think its kind of a smart incremental way to build out from our core strength. And its giving us nice growth.
Peter Lawson  Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: Our following question comes from Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank: Good evening. So, as we think about kind of the portfolio as you have evolved it, weve obviously had a great amount of new product introductions and youve set this sort of goal to grow above the market. I mean as we look out on kind of the longer term basis, as you look at sort of the biopharma and academic markets, I mean is your view on sort of the growth trajectory there changed at all, whether its based on global mix or sort of whats gone on from recovery perspective broadly from  in terms of the economy?
Greg Lucier: You know, Ross, our view hasnt changed. We actually have remained confident that 2010, 11, and really as much as anybody can have a portal into the future of 2012 look pretty good for us. And so we think the next couple of years just due to our disciplined execution, our international footprint, and all of these new products continuing to come out of the R&D labs, we feel we can continue to grow above the market, as we have demonstrated.
Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank: Thanks a million, Greg.
Greg Lucier: Yes.
Eileen Pattinson: Thank you. This concludes our first quarter earnings conference call. This webcast will be available via a replay on our website for three weeks. As a reminder, we will be hosting a followup Q&A call for investors and analyst at 7O Clock PM Eastern Time. You can find dial-in information on the Investor Relations page of our website and then in the press release we issued this morning. Thank you again for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-28 20:30:00) =====
Executives: Eileen Pattinson - IR Greg Lucier - Chairman and CEO Mark Stevenson - President and COO David Hoffmeister - CFO Bernd Brust - Chief Commercial Officer
Analysts: Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company Derik De Bruin - UBS Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2009 Life Technologies Corporation Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the conference over to your host for today, Eileen Pattinson, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Eileen Pattinson: Thank you, operator and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Life Technologies' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2009 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today are Greg Lucier, our Chairman and CEO; Mark Stevenson, President and Chief Operating Officer; and David Hoffmeister, Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Bernd Brust, our Chief Commercial Officer is available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you haven't received a copy of today's press release, you may obtain one from our website at lifetechnologies.com. I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. It is our intent that these forward-looking statements be protected under the Safe Harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in today's press release or on our website. I will now hand the call over to Greg Lucier.
Greg Lucier: Thanks, Eileen and thank you all for joining us. I hope you've had a chance to review the press release we put out this morning. During today's call, I will cover our achievements for the year and our recent product announcements and our outlook for 2010. Mark Stevenson will talk about our integration progress over the past year and also provide some color on divisional performance. Finally, David will then cover more specifics on our financials for the quarter and the year as well as provide additional details on our view for 2010. We had a terrific fourth quarter with 11% organic growth, which rounded out a strong year for Life Technologies. 2009 was our first full year after the Applied Biosystems and Invitrogen merger, and our teams around the world performed in an exceptional manner. We ended the year with 7% organic growth, 300 basis points of operating margin expansion and $534 million in free cash flow. This performance was the result of a lot of hard work and executing on our three strategic imperatives; delivering on the integration, realizing the potential of the new company and investing for future growth. Our first strategic imperative, delivering on the integration, is critical to our success. We methodically executed upon our integration plans, which enabled us to deliver over 100 million in synergies, considerably higher than our original expectations. In addition to the sizable synergies realized, we were able to merge the two companies into truly one company with a solid foundation of processes and systems. We still have integrations in place to realize more synergies, but in 2009 we were able to complete all the basic actions necessary to operate as one company. In terms of synergy capture in 2010, by the end of this year we'll have taken actions for both revenue acceleration and cost reductions that will generate 175 million in synergies on an annual basis in 2011, one full year ahead of the original three-year integration schedule. Beyond the accelerated integration efforts, 2009 was a strong year on a number of measures including organic growth, new product launches and productivity gains. As we announced yesterday, our development efforts last year set us up for an impressive line of new sequencing products to be launched in the next several months, which I'll speak about in a moment. As you know, next-generation sequencing represents less than 5% of our revenues, and as such we also had numerous new products launched in other areas of our business, the most notable of which is our new flow cytometer, Attune. This product launched in December at the American Society of Cell Biology Conference to outstanding reviews from customers and industry experts alike. Attune will begin shipping at the beginning of the second quarter and we already have customers lined up. The launch of this product represents our entry into the $1.4 billion flow cytometry market. In the next five years, we anticipate sales will exceed $100 million from our flow cytometry products. In addition to the new instruments introduced this year, 2009 was another year of rapid releases for new reagent products and benchtop devices, and 2010 is shaping up to be even better. I want to now take a moment to talk about our sequencing business and a number of new and very exciting products we'll be launching this year. You'll hear more about some of these products in February at the annual AGBT meeting, but today let me focus on the press release we issued yesterday. As we announced, we are launching our new SOLiD 4 next-generation sequencing system this quarter, a system that we believe will deliver the highest quality genome on the market. It's important to understand that as sequencing becomes more of a clinical tool, meaning that as doctors begin to look at a person's genomic data as a basis for diagnosing and treating disease, it's critical that this data be as accurate as possible. When you're talking about three billion base pairs, an error rate of even 1% will add up to 30 million mistakes. That's just not good enough when it comes to making decisions that affect peoples' health. That's why we're so excited about SOLiD 4. It will generate up to 100 gigabases of mappable sequence data per run, but more importantly it will deliver unparalleled accuracy. In fact, by the second half of this year when the SOLiD 4hq package, an upgrade to SOLiD 4, will be available, researchers will be able to generate 300 gigabases of mappable data at 99.99% accuracy. Four nines. This is a remarkable achievement, and given that the system will lower the cost of sequencing a genome to about $3,000 later this year, we now have an instrument that delivers such accuracy and cost as to truly replace array-based technology. We have already gotten tremendously positive feedback from our customers about what SOLiD 4 will help them achieve. Of course, one collaboration involving the SOLiD 4 System that we're particularly excited about is the one we announced this morning with the Ignite Institute for Individualized Health. As we announced in our release this morning, Ignite will acquire 100 SOLiD 4 Systems, creating the largest next-generation genome sequencing facility in North America. Ignite is a unique organization, one that is focused on integrating R&D, commercialization and clinical care to create medical solutions fit for the 21st century, solutions based on personalized medicine. We're proud that Life Technologies will partner with such an innovative organization that is truly focused on translational research. As I said earlier, we're now at a stage where we need to look beyond the technological innovations to how the application of these technologies can be used to improve human health. As sequencing becomes more rapid, accurate and cost effective, we also need to devote attention and resources to other factors. That's why we also announced yesterday that we will dedicate approximately $100 million over the next few years to solve the major challenges related to interpreting and understanding the data generated by sequencing. Our foundation will dedicate $5 million over the next two years to educating physicians on how to use this data to truly help their patients. I'm proud that Life Technologies has the drive and the capability to not just create the best sequencing technologies, but help the community use those technologies to make a difference in ways that really affect peoples' lives. The use of life science tools and technologies in medical applications is already happening today, of course, specifically in molecular diagnostics, which is a $3 billion market growing at 15% annually. In 2009, we had over 300 million of sales related to molecular diagnostics, so we're already having a strong presence in this high growth market. Our product offerings in this fast growing business range from reagents and OEM components to products that are cleared for diagnostic use in the U.S. and Europe. To further our participation in the molecular diagnostics arena, we will make investments in developing diagnostic content for our 7500 Fast Dx RT PCR instrument and our 3500 Dx capillary electrophoresis systems, as well as create new tools and components for research in this field. In addition, we recently announced the acquisition of AcroMetrix, a provider of diagnostic quality control products. This acquisition allows us to further expand our diagnostic capabilities and also expand our direct channel to molecular diagnostics clients. The focus and investment we're putting on moving sequencing technologies into the clinic and making ever more molecular diagnostic tools that will fuel our revenue growth in the long term. Now for our 2010 expectations. We expect that organic revenue growth will grow in the mid to high single digits. Including the impact of the previously announced mass spectrometry divestiture, earnings per share will grow 10 to 15%. I'll let David get more into the specifics about our expectations, but clearly we are anticipating another solid year of financial performance and value creation for our shareholders. Beyond 2010, our outlook is equally compelling, with even more new products on the horizon and investments in markets such as food testing, molecular diagnostics and biofuels research adding to our growth rates. In the meanwhile, each and every day we remain focused on execution. Since 2006, after we transformed the operating rhythm of the organization, we set out to be a company that could prioritize better than any and reliably complete those basic but essential tasks that make up great performance. Our results speak for themselves. Since that time, our earnings per share have grown from $1.46 per share to $3.04 per share 2009, in spite of the worst economic downturn in 60 years and a very large transformative acquisition. In 2010, we will continue to deliver this reliable performance. I'll now hand it over to Mark Stevenson, who will provide some color on the integration and each of the divisions.
Mark Stevenson: Thank you, Greg. As Greg mentioned, one of our strategic imperatives is delivering on the integration. Now that Life Technologies has been operating for one full year as a combined company, I thought it fitting to make a few comments on the integration and the incredible company that is being created in the process. Over the last year, we have worked diligently to extract the best attributes from both companies and create really a unique business with substantial scale and scope. The integration team made significant progress in 2009. However, there is still a lot of hard work to be done, and we remain focused on executing our integration plans. With that said, I'll tell you a little bit about the progress we have made so far. Life Technologies has retained an incredibly talented workforce. Our sales teams were recently ranked number one by our customers in both instruments and reagents. Our extensive service and support teams are focused on providing the highest service level to our customers. Our R&D teams manage the most comprehensive offering of technologies available, and in 2009 Life Technologies launched over 1,000 new product SKUs, and we will accelerate that pace in 2010 and beyond. We are making significant investments in research and development, so that we will remain on the cutting edge of science and technology. By doing this, we can not only meet the evolving needs of our customers, but actually accelerate scientific advancement by bringing relevant and innovative technologies to market. The scope of Life Technologies is broader than either company could have achieved on a stand-alone basis. As a combined company, we serve over 160 countries around the world, we process 11,000 orders a day and distribute more than 8,000 shipments every single day. Our geographic presence and large volume of orders allows us to drive down the costs and become ever more efficient in our operations. The combination of Invitrogen and Applied Biosystems' strengths is really proving out to be a true competitive advantage that will sustain us into the future. With that said, I'll move on to provide some specifics on the divisional performance. In the fourth quarter, Molecular Biology Systems grew approximately 15% organically to 422 million in revenue. The majority of H1N1-related products reside within this group and accounted for approximately four points of growth for the division. While we continue to partner with the CDC and other global health organizations to ensure H1N1 public health monitoring, we expect minimal revenue from H1N1-related products in 2010. Organic growth was also positively impacted by the continued strength in the TaqMan arrays business, in addition to strong demand for qPCR instrumentation and reagents. Additionally, we saw an uptake in the sale of PCR instruments and consumables, a direct result of stimulus funding. For the year, Molecular Biology Systems grew 9% organically to 1.58 billion. Double-digit growth in the genomic assays and high single digit growth in PCR systems was offset by the expected decline in PCR royalties. Cell Systems had revenues of 211 million in the quarter or 4% organic growth. Strong growth in many of the business areas, such as our magnetic beads and stem cell technologies, was slightly offset by a year-over-year decline in our Bioproduction business. The decline in Bioproduction this year can be mostly attributed to customer-specific issues. We expect that this business will return to a more robust growth in 2010. Total year revenue for Cell Systems was 789 million or 4% organic growth. Genetic Systems had revenue of 234 million in the quarter, representing 13% organic growth. For the full year, Genetic Systems had revenue of 907 million or 9% organic growth, after accounting for the LIMS divestiture. Revenue for CE systems and consumables sold into the research market was flat in the fourth quarter and for the full year. This result performance is of particular note since we expected the market would decline in the high single to low double digits as genome centers decommission CE systems in favor of next-generation sequencing systems. We now believe that the decommissioning process is largely complete, and going forward we expect this business to be relatively stable. CE systems and kits sold into applied markets, such as forensics and environmental testing, grew double digits in the quarter, and we expect that this business will continue to grow at a similar rate in the coming year. Finally, next-generation sequencing continues to gain traction in the market with strong double digit growth in the quarter. We expect that the full suite of next-generation sequencing platforms that Greg spoke about earlier will continue to drive strong growth in the years to come. Finally, in our Mass Spectrometry division, our joint venture with MDS, revenue growth 7% organically to 130 million. All geographies contributed to growth year-over-year, with Japan growing in the double digits. On a full year basis, this division declined 1%, in line with our expectation of flat to down 10% for the year. As you are aware, we are in the process of selling our stake in this business to Danaher Corporation. We are in the final stages of this process and now expect the transaction to close shortly. Now I will turn it over to David Hoffmeister for a full description of the 2009 results and our outlook for 2010.
David Hoffmeister: Thank you, Mark and good morning, everyone. I'll now take you through the financial details of the fourth quarter and the full year 2009 results. This quarter, revenue grew 14% to $874 million. Excluding the impact from currency and divestitures, revenue grew 11% organically. This was a strong quarter for organic growth with good performance across all our businesses and geographies. For the full year, revenue grew 5% to 3.3 billion. Excluding the impact from currency and divestitures, revenue grew 7% organically. We're very pleased with these results, especially in the face of a large integration and a tough economic environment. Let me briefly highlight a couple of items that we have mentioned in the past that contributed to growth again this quarter. Demand for our H1N1-related products was approximately 15 million for the quarter, resulting in full year revenues of about 45 million. Also, an order in the Japanese police force outfitting them with our 3130xl CE sequencer and sample preparation kits, totaling 20 million for the year, contributed nine million in the quarter. These are two good examples of how the broader capabilities of Life Technologies better position us to capitalize on these types of opportunities as they arise. In terms of organic growth by region, excluding the mass spec division the Americas grew 9% in the fourth quarter, Europe grew 11%, Asia Pacific 23% and Japan 9%. Currency this quarter contributed approximately 4% to revenue growth, net of our hedging program. The positive impact to EPS was approximately $0.06 of earnings per share, including foreign currency impacts accounted for in revenue, other income and the mass spec joint venture. On a full year basis, currency decreased revenue growth by approximately 2%, net of our hedging program. This impacted EPS negatively by approximately $0.19. The divestiture of the LIMS business had a negative one point effect on reported revenue growth in the fourth quarter and half a point impact on the full year. Moving on to other items, fourth quarter non-GAAP gross margin was 65%, an increase of approximately 130 basis points over prior year. Positive price realization across the portfolio, positive currency impact, synergies and lower royalty expense all contributed to the gross margin improvements, offset slightly by the negative impact of lower royalty revenue. On a sequential basis, gross margins declined as expected by 200 basis points as a result of lower price, a higher mix of instruments and OEM orders and the recognition of higher manufacturing expenses as we drew down inventory at year-end. As a reminder, gross margins in the fourth quarter are typically lower for these reasons. For the full year, gross margins equaled 66.3%, an improvement of 70 basis points over prior year. Positive price, lower royalty expense and synergies from the merger drove the increase, which was partially offset by the negative impact of lower royalty revenue and currencies. As expected, fourth quarter operating expenses of 342 million were higher than the previous quarter and the prior year. The increase resulted from investments in the commercial organization, in marketing programs aimed at capturing the stimulus and other opportunities, R&D programs for benchtop instrumentation and sequencing and depreciation as investments ramped up over the year. In addition, we entered into several collaborative R&D partnerships in the quarter. Total operating expenses for 2009 equaled 1.3 billion, a $7 million decline year-over-year. Fourth quarter operating income was 226 million, an increase of 30% over prior year, including the impact of currency and 19% excluding currency. Our operating margin was 25.8%, representing the 300 basis points of improvement year-over-year including the impact from currency. This operating margin expansion primarily resulted from higher gross margin and decreases in head count-related expenses as a result of the merger. As expected, operating margins declined on a sequential basis due to lower gross margins. For the full year, operating income equaled 879 million, an increase of 18% over the prior year including the impact of currency and 22% excluding currency. Operating margin expanded 300 basis points for the full year to 26.6% including the impact of currency, and 27% excluding currency. Full year operating margin expansion was a result of improved gross margins and decreased head count expenses due to synergies, partially offset by increases in depreciation and purchased services. In terms of other income line items in the quarter, we had two million of interest income and approximately 16 million of income from our mass spec joint venture. Other income for the full year consisted of five million of interest income and 46 million of income from mass spec. Interest expense for the quarter was 36 million and 150 million for the full year. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the fourth quarter was 26.2%, resulting in a full year tax rate of 28.5%. The tax rate in the fourth quarter was lower than in previous quarters due to higher income in lower tax rate jurisdictions. Specifically, we had increased sales of instruments manufactured in Singapore where we have a significantly lower tax rate. Our diluted share count for the quarter was 187.3 million shares and 181.4 million for the full year. As you'll recall, our share count is impacted by our stock price due to our convertible debt and employee stock options. GAAP diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.26, which includes $0.29 per share of acquisition-related amortization expense, $0.04 per share of non-cash interest expense associated with the adoption of APB14-1 and $0.19 per share of business integration costs and other items, and $0.02 per share of accelerated amortization of debt issuance costs resulting from the early repayment of term loans. On a non-GAAP basis which excludes these items, diluted earnings per were $0.80 for the quarter. For the full year, GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.80, which includes $1.43 per share of acquisition-related amortization expense, $0.17 per share of non-cash interest expense associated with APB14-1, $0.59 per share of business integration costs and other items; and $0.05 per share of accelerated amortization of debt issuance cost. On a non-GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share for the year were $3.04. As a reminder, there is a full reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures in today's press release and on our website. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow, our ending cash and short-term investments were 648 million, including approximately 41 million held as restricted cash. For the quarter, cash from operating activities was 264 million, capital expenditures were 77 million and free cash flow was $187 million, resulting in full year free cash flow of $534 million. We repaid 150 million of term loan B during the fourth quarter and 425 million of term loans A and B for the full year. We ended the year with approximately 3.1 million of debt. The balance is made up of our convertible debt of 1.1 billion, in addition to term loans of two billion. As a reminder, 350 million of convertible debt is classified as short term with a put call date of August 1 of this year. I'll now move on to our outlook for 2010. Before I get started, you should note that all guidance I'm providing today assumes we close the mass spec divestiture in the next few days. As Greg mentioned earlier, we expect to grow revenue organically in the mid to high single digits. Due to the high volatility of currency rates in 2009, we are providing a range for the possible impact on revenue from currency in 2010. The effect on revenue is expected to be in the range of one to two points of additional growth, including the impact of our hedging program. The low end of the range is calculated using the 2009 average rates and the high end is calculated using year-end rates. For modeling purposes, you can choose the rates that you feel are most appropriate. Non-GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $3.30 to $3.50. We expect free cash flow to be in the range of 575 to 600 million. Capital expenditures are expected to be 150 to 175 million, including approximately 30 million of integration-related capital. Our free cash flow forecast also includes approximately 100 million of one-time expenses related to the integration. These costs will be excluded from pro forma earnings, but they're nonetheless cash, so they will lower free cash flow in 2010. Additional items impacting free cash flow during 2010 include the full-year impact of cash bonuses paid to Applied Biosystems employees versus 2009 when bonuses covered only half the year, and cash impact from the divestiture of the mass spec business. It's important to note that as in the past our free cash flow will be back end loaded in the year due to normal working capital fluctuations throughout the year and the payout of annual bonuses in the first quarter. A few other items related to our expectations in the coming year include the following. We've included the impact from the stimulus in our forecast. As we've stated in the past, we expect to receive in excess of $100 million in revenue over the life of the program. The exact size and timing of this is difficult to predict since the funds are just beginning to flow. In the last half of 2009, we had approximately 50 million of revenue as a result of stimulus funding and we expect stimulus-related revenues to slowly ramp up in the first half of the year with the majority of the benefit realized in the latter half of 2010 and into 2011. As these benefits materialize in 2010, we plan to take the opportunity to reinvest approximately half of the operating profit impact back into the core business to drive future organic growth. We will focus the investment in several areas, including sequencing technologies, which Greg mentioned earlier and accelerating the expansion of our commercial organization in some of our faster growing markets such as China. Synergy savings for 2009 were 95 million, and we exited the year at a run rate of over 100 million on an annual basis. In 2010, we will put actions in place to achieve additional 70 million in synergy savings on an annual basis. You can expect that the annualized run rate exiting 2010 will be $175 million. Royalty revenue is no longer expected to decline in 2010. Due to the efforts of our licensing team, the previously announced decline of 10 to 15 million has been offset with revenue from new license agreements. At this point, we still expect royalties to decline by 20 million in 2011. We expect operating margins to expand between 100 and 125 basis points. This improvement will largely result from capturing additional synergies. The pro forma tax rate will be approximately 29.0 to 29.5% depending on the geographical mix of income throughout the year. Interest income will fluctuate depending on our cash balance. Our average interest rate on investments is approximately 50 to 60 basis points. Interest expense is expected to be in the range of 120 to $130 million, depending on the timing of debt repayment and interest rate fluctuations. Inclusive in this number are any changes in capital structure which may come as a result of the waiver we filed yesterday. The waiver seeks agreement from our current lenders to permit the issuance of debt securities, the proceeds of which would be used to repay the term loans. The waiver is effective for up to six months. Also included in interest expense guidance is the expectation that we would make the following debt repayments during 2010 to reach our target leverage ratio of 2.0 to 2.5 times EBITDA. We anticipate making 140 million of mandatory debt repayments on the term loans and approximately 290 million utilizing the proceeds from the mass spec divestiture. Our diluted share count is approximately 190 million at today's stock price, but it will increase if our stock price increases due to dilution from our convertible debt, as well as stock options. Assuming an average share price between 52 and $55, the share count would range between 192 and 194 million shares. Finally, here are a couple of other variables that may further help in modeling the business. First, you can assume that every point of organic growth contributes about $0.07 of earnings per share and every 10 million in operating expenses equals $0.03 per share. Second, in order to help estimate the effect of currency, we've calculated the impact on earnings per share if all currencies moved against the dollar by 5% and our mix of foreign currencies stayed the same. In this scenario, the impact on earnings per share would be $0.10. With that, I'll hand the call back over to Eileen so we can answer any questions that you may have. Eileen?
Eileen Pattinson: Thank you, David. Operator, we are now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Hi, good morning and congratulations on a nice year-end.
Greg Lucier: Thank you, Quintin.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: On the third quarter call, you kind of gave out a 2010 outlook of mid-single digit organic. Now here we go into 2010 now and you're looking at mid to high single digits and minimal expectations for H1N1. So could you tell me a little bit about what do you see incrementally better since then? Then as a follow-up, any outlook on the potential for NIH funding 2011 and onward based on what President Obama's been talking?
Greg Lucier: Sure. Thanks. I think one of the primary drivers for the higher organic growth in 2010 would be the timing of the stimulus. It's clear now most of it will fall into 2010 versus our earlier thinking that some more of it would have fallen into 2009 per the proclamations from the politicians. So again, I think that's the primary driver for higher organic growth in 2010. The second part of your question was relating to the NIH. As you know, the NIH ex-stimulus got approximately 2% increase in the current fiscal budget 2010. In our current discussions, at least we have heard, is that the NIH will probably get another increase in fiscal year 2011. We don't think it will be held flat, but obviously it's subject to a lot of negotiation yet to be had. We're actually encouraged that the NIH in this current environment of potentially flat discretionary spending will actually be one of the budgets that does get an increase.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: All right. Thanks. I know you've got a lot of questions, so I'll jump back into the queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Hey, good morning and congrats on the nice quarter.
Greg Lucier: Thank you.
David Hoffmeister: Thanks, Tycho.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Maybe just start off on the new product introduction. Can you talk a little bit about the go-to-market strategy for SOLiD 4, how you approach your current installed base and maybe just any color on pricing, consumables? Then also with Ignite, it looks like you're getting payments over three years. So if you could talk a little bit about whether there's a change in the payment terms for your customers going forward that would be helpful.
Mark Stevenson: Yeah, Tycho. This is Mark. So we started discussing with our customers SOLiD 4 over the last couple of weeks. We're excited to accelerate that. I mean, some of the investments you saw us make during Q4 was really accelerating the R&D. The customers have been very positive in the response we've got. Really going to our installed base, new customers; we've always said we felt this had the highest potential to upgrade our existing customer base. So we've really been going to them, explaining the roadmap and how we've accelerated that. So they're very excited about that and particularly on the accuracy. They're beginning to see the difference it makes in the results to really ensure that they're not getting any false positives in that. So very positive response as we've gone to those customers and we upgrade and outlaid the path for the year. We expect payment terms will be as normal for customers that we deal with, no change in that policy. We were very excited to the partnership we announced this morning with Ignite, really in line with our strategic priorities about how do we translate this closer to the clinic. Ignite, with its capabilities and its vision is really all about taking that much closer and translating these discoveries we're making really into a clinical practice.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Then can you comment on your assumptions for consumables on the new instrument?
Mark Stevenson: So we would expect the consumables to ramp up in a normal way. With the capacity now to go to the $6,000 genome and then 3,000 at the end of the year, we'll expect the pull-through to be very high during the usage of that as people replace other technologies now to ramp up on that.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay. Then Greg, in your comments you talked about trying to kind of accelerate I think the pace of product introductions. Are we going to see kind of a big bolus in the next couple years from some of these R&D efforts, and can you talk a little bit about how we should be thinking about R&D spend? Then if you can also include any comments on M&A and your appetite for smaller tuck-in deals right now that'd be helpful.
Greg Lucier: Sure. Well, I think you've started to see early signs of what has been a very aggressive innovation agenda by the company. So, the development and now launch of the flow cytometer product, which is very disruptive, very proprietary technology, now with SOLiD 4 continuing to show and demonstrate that it is in our belief the most accurate chemistry to read the genome, and you'll hear more in the coming month at AGBT of some other major breakthroughs. You can expect that pace of innovation to continue coming out of the company. As Mark was mentioning, one of the primary motives for bringing these two companies together was to drive the scale around R&D, to really create ever more innovation in life sciences. You're seeing the very early stages of that. In terms of the overall spend on R&D, we hover around 10, 10.5%. As we accelerate our organic growth, we think the R&D spend will stay in and around that percentage. Now we're dealing with some very large numbers, and numbers that are far larger than our competitors that allow us to have this scale of innovation that we hope will be unmatched.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Then...
Greg Lucier: Acquisitions, sorry.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Your appetite for tuck-in M&A and...
Greg Lucier: Yes. We're very, very comfortable with the current portfolio inside the company. Invitrogen did a lot of acquisitions to build up a platform, AB did a few. The combination of the two, we believe has a very strong portfolio as it is. Therefore, we don't have to do any large acquisitions to add to this. However, we do have a good sense of paranoia that sometimes the best ideas are outside our company, and so we will continue to do smaller tuck-in, primarily oriented around technology acquisitions to bring it into the family.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay. Then just a last one, a clarification on the royalties. Can you give us a sense as to whether your ability to kind of offset there was a function of going back to customers and getting paid what you were owed? Or was it adding the digital PCR patents to the estate and being able to leverage that a little bit more?
Greg Lucier: Really all of the above. As I mentioned to some folks at your conference, we have reformulated the licensing team. It's a very capable group of people. They've gone back to existing licensees. They've looked back into our portfolio and gone out to license other technologies. This year they achieved, I think, nice progress to mitigate the decline we were expecting. They've got their work cut out to start for 2011.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company. Please proceed.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking my questions.
Greg Lucier: You bet.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company: It sounds like you guys had a pretty good solid quarter, maybe even picking up some momentum. Could you talk about whether or not there was any notable change in competitive win rates, maybe talk a little bit about stimulus impact to that business and how things are differing across different geographies?
Greg Lucier: Let me take the first part of the question. So what we said was we saw some impact of the stimulus in the quarter, about eight to 10 million in the quarter. We think it's now starting to come through the pipeline. In terms of win rates, we believe that the creation of the organization is allowing us to pick up increased market share at key accounts around the world on key areas of technology, whether it's customers wanting to consolidate their purchases into one vendor and save a lot of processing costs or in other areas like qPCR instrumentation where we had a very robust fourth quarter. So we feel good about our win rates and we think in the coming years that we'll be able to actually increase the market share in this industry. Bernd, do you want to add any color commentary to maybe some of the emerging markets?
Bernd Brust: Sure. I mean, first I think in general on the selling organizations around the world, the combined organization, you really now have the reagent or consumables sales force have now focused on both the AB and Invitrogen portfolios, which gives you a tremendous pull-through and allows the traditional legacy AB team to focus more on instrumentation and get a bigger footprint on that side. We're seeing some tremendous payoffs happening on that end. Emerging markets around the world, we continue to see tremendous growth in Latin America, China, Middle East and other countries. Along those lines, we continue to invest in those areas to capture share and be as close to those customers as we can, and those investments will continue to happen.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company: That's helpful. Then David, you were really clear in providing background on why gross margin pulls back sequentially as it always does in the fourth quarter. Despite that, the Street was actually a little bit higher with our forecast. So that's probably just a function of poor modeling, but I just want to be clear. Was gross margin about where you expected it to be, and what was the FX impact in the quarter?
David Hoffmeister: Gross margin was where we expected it to be. If you look back on last year, the pattern is almost identical on a relative basis. In total on an EPS level, gross margin was or I mean currency had a $0.06 impact.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company: Okay. One last question, it's probably best for Greg. Your stock performance has lagged the group a little bit in the early part of 2010, recognizing that you guys just outgrew the group in the year by about 700 basis points and generated 300 basis points of operating leverage. Some of the reasons I've heard from some of the bears thrown around have been concerns about your long-term growth outlook and how much leverage there's going to be in the model, not just this year but beyond. So I want to give you an opportunity to address these concerns. Could you maybe talk a little bit about what you think the long-term targeted rate of organic growth is beyond 2010? Could you talk a little bit about whether or not it's right to think that operating margin could exceed maybe the historical peak for Invitrogen, which I believe was about 30%?
Greg Lucier: Thanks for the question. I think there seems to be a disconnect between the enthusiasm and confidence inside the company and some voices that you describe outside the company. We actually have never been more bullish on the future of the business. I don't know why there would be any even justification for why our growth rates would somehow go down after 2010. Whether it's just the increased pace of innovation, the innovation that can allow us to enter very big markets like flow cytometry and molecular diagnostics that we're now talking about, or our enhanced global footprint where we can be closer to customers than any other company in life sciences and grow our share, to just new emerging opportunities even beyond the current consideration of what we were even doing as independent companies two years ago, such as biofuels research. There is just a enormous amount of opportunities for this new platform company to grow. So I would just say that there's a big disconnect between how we feel and the confidence we see in the future to the voices you describe.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company: I'll just, I guess get to the second part of that and then I'll get back into the queue. From a margin standpoint, are we anywhere close to where you guys think you can be over the next few years?
Greg Lucier: What we've said is that we can grow operating margins 50 basis points per year. In the past, we sometimes were asked the question, is there a limit at, let's say, 30% operating margin? We said we don't know. I guess my answer today would be, I don't see any reason why that represents a ceiling on the growth of the profitability of the company. As we increase our investment in proprietary technologies, we should be able to extract higher margins in the company. So I don't see any reason why we can't continue to drive 50 basis points improvement each and every year for several years to come. So I don't see a ceiling on that profitability of the company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company: Okay. Thanks a lot. I appreciate you taking the questions.
Greg Lucier: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with UBS. You may proceed
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Hey, good morning.
Greg Lucier: Good morning.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Just a couple of questions then I'll jump back in the queue on this. So on looking at the Cell Systems business, it was about 4% organic growth in 2009. I guess, how much of this do you attribute to changes in the cell culture process in the sense that customers are starting to get higher yields from some of their cell culture stuff and this is a volume decrease? Just talk about where you see trends in the Cell Systems business going.
Greg Lucier: As Mark mentioned, we think that this is an area that was impacted by some economic factors in 2009. We see it returning to historical growth rates of high single digits, low double digits here in 2010 for Bioproduction. There is no question that there is increased efficiencies taking place. At the same time, we believe our share of the molecules on the market is increasing as well. Now the other point I would say is that our guidance for Cell Systems in 2010 is mid to high single digits. So we see it returning to its historical growth patterns this year.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: That's helpful. Thanks. Going to the SOLiD 4, can you tell us what the cost of the upgrade is and how much of your installed SOLiD base would you expect to upgrade? I guess also the question, is what is the installed base of SOLiD?
Mark Stevenson: Well, with regard to the upgrade, we're making it very affordable for our customers to upgrade to the system. So it'll be $10,000 to upgrade from the customers that are 3 Plus now to upgrade to 4. We expect that the majority of customers will upgrade that installed base and will continue to expand out on that. Then they'll also want to add in the EZ Bead System, which is $50,000 into that, which as we explained in the press release will cut their hands-on time by about 90%. Also improve the efficiency of that upfront ePCR process. So the installed base is growing bigger and bigger. We're not giving specific numbers, but we've made a lot of traction in the progress in the market and we think this will continue to reinforce the great roadmap we have by laying out what we're going to do to the end of the year. We've consistently beat and accelerated where we said we'll be on our platform, and now delivering on the platform.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Great. Just one final question. You alluded to investing in your own molecular diagnostic content. Would you care to elaborate?
Mark Stevenson: Well, we're doing that in several ways. So one, we're doing it in partners. So we announced, for example, the partner earlier in the year with Asuragen, and we're developing that out, now going into clinical trials with BCR/ABL test. There are other partners that we're discussing with to bring proprietary content onto our platforms. We also see through these translational medicine collaborations that you see us setting up there'll be new and novel content discovered there that will come out again onto our platforms. So there are two ways that we see that coming through, both through partnerships and through the partnerships of taking this novel content onto our existing platforms.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marshall Urist with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Yeah, hey guys. Good morning. So first question just on the synergy opportunity in 2010. The incremental $75 million you guys talked about, can you give us just an idea of where that's coming from, price, cost realization, kind of what are the major drivers in 2010?
Greg Lucier: It's 70 million. As you mentioned, it's a combination of revenue and costs. As we said when we kicked off the synergy discussion at the beginning of this year, that initially it was going to be predominantly cost. As time went on we would get more revenue synergies and that's what we expect to happen. So there's going to be a greater mix of revenues. As far as costs go, we're going to continue to get synergies from purchasing. We identified earlier plant consolidations, other manufacturing opportunities. We expect to get those, as well as some consolidations and efficiencies in distribution.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. So sort of following on that, how should we be thinking about gross margin in 2010?
David Hoffmeister: What we've commented on is at the operating margin level, you can expect operating margins to expand by 100 to 125 basis points.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Given some of the investments you guys have talked about in R&D and SG&A, should we assume that the leverage there is coming on the gross margin front given you've talked about some of these manufacturing synergies?
David Hoffmeister: Yes, you can assume that we will get significant expansion or leverage in our margins, gross margins.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks. Just one other follow-up question on SOLiD, just to follow-up on a previous question. When you guys talked about the price of the genome coming down, is there any change in how you're pricing consumables? Or is this an accuracy, decreasing the coverage that you need sort of per genome to get to the same level of data?
Mark Stevenson: Yeah, it's really technological advances that we're making in this. The first advance that we're making in SOLiD 4 is a combination of new reagents, these total precision reagents that we've increased, and also the EZ Bead. That allows us to reduce the cost down for our customers down to $6,000. Then as we go to SOLiD hq, that upgrade will come from greater density from smaller beads. So it's a very straightforward upgrade for our customers also later in the year, and that'll get us up to the 300 gigabases and allow our customers to do runs of $3,000 to get a genome done.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Just to be clear, there's no change in the pricing policy on consumables?
Mark Stevenson: There's no change in that, no.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. All right, I'll get back in the queue. Thanks a lot, guys.
Greg Lucier: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Groberg with Macquarie Capital. You may proceed.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Capital: Hi, good morning. Just a couple questions. I was most interested in the comments, at least around the business and the outlook that you made, Mark on the research CE market that you think the decommissioning is done and that you actually expect stable revenues going forward. Can you just maybe describe kind of what you're hearing, why you're willing to say that and what you're assuming in terms of additional advances that are made in other kind of longer read, lower cost technologies going forward?
Mark Stevenson: Well, we see most of the high throughput applications have already actually switched to next-generation sequencing. I mean just the tremendous progress that has been made in the short run technologies as they got longer both in comparative sequencing and de novo sequencing, that switch has already occurred. So the decommissioning that we're seeing and the transfer out of those experiments has actually occurred already. What we see in the research market is where people want to do a single experiment and perhaps look at a part of a genome and just do one run, instruments like the 3500 that we introduced that run into smaller labs, into smaller clinics is a very cost efficient way to run that out, to validate that sequence and then translate that into a clinical setting. So that's where we're seeing research applications and good pickup continue in that CE market and continuing to run CE instruments in that space. So that's why we feel comfortable about, as we've seen this year, the stabilization of that business. We're aware obviously of the long run technologies. Again, we'll talk about our single molecule technology coming in at the AGBT conference. We see a good place for that in the market, but it's complementary to other next-generation sequencing tools. We think it's also complementary to CE. We'll be able to have the full breadth across CE short and long runs as we go forward here.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Capital: So if I take what you've said in the past about the CE research business, it's maybe somewhere around a 430, $450 million business for you, which is a pretty substantial business. You're saying that regardless of newer technologies, advances, you think that's about the rate at which that market will stay, the CE research market, using CE technology?
Mark Stevenson: Yeah. What you have to keep in mind with your numbers in the market is as we see the CE applications continue to get used into more clinical applications, that validation like we've done on the 3500 to get a CE-IVD mark and now in discussions to take the CE into a 510(k), those applications continue to get into more translational applications into the clinic, and that's when CE is a robust and proven technology. Particularly for a quick experiment, that's exactly what you want to use, the right fit for that application.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Capital: Okay. Thanks for clarifying the view there. Then just one more on sequencing if I can. On the SOLiD, can you maybe describe two things; one, you've had you and your competitor both introducing systems that are going to make significant advancements here. A lot of promises more towards the back half of the year, I guess. How does that dynamic play in the near term in terms of how you think customers are going to go about purchasing instruments? Does this delay purchases towards the back half of the year? You described what entailed going from the 3 to the 4. Can you maybe just describe as you go from the 4 to the hq what kind of upgrades you need to go to these smaller beads that you described?
Greg Lucier: Well, we don't see the market slowing down here in the first half of 2010. I think our announcement here with Ignite is a good example that this is a very robust market. In terms of what's driving it, for us the message is really around accuracy, that the technology is now taking us to a point where you can do really important translational research and accuracy is the key element when you're doing this sequencing. So we see that opportunity opening up here in 2010 for our organization. In terms of the upgrade to hq, I'll defer to my colleagues here. Again, it's not a very expensive upgrade once you're into SOLiD 4, which as you heard from SOLiD 3 Plus to 4 is only about $10,000. So we've tried to make this very economical for our installed base. We've continued to tell our customers that the SOLiD platform, the SOLiD technology has still lots of runway from here. As they invest in us, we invest in them.
Mark Stevenson: Yeah. I think that I'd just add that what you're not seeing here is any discontinuance of a platform, the switch. So the customers don't feel as they move up that they need any switch. So they continue to invest. They'll invest in SOLiD 4, and later in the year, they can add this upgrade which will add the extra smaller beads on. So they see a path and they just want to get going. They feel now is the time to get sequencing.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Capital: Like on the smaller beads, when you talk about an upgrade, do they have to replace a camera or anything like that in terms of the optic side of things? I'm just curious what exactly they upgraded.
Mark Stevenson: There may be smaller engineering upgrades that go as we've done in the past with SOLiD 3 to 3 Plus, but there's nothing significant that they'll need to upgrade in this.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Capital: Okay. Then, lastly and I'll jump in the queue. On pricing, can you maybe talk about what you've realized in 2009, kind of on average for the year? If that was any different than previous years, given the merger here with AB? Then whether or not you expect anything different in 2010?
David Hoffmeister: In previous years we've said we've realized somewhere between one to 2% in net price, and that's about what we got this year. We were very pleased with the pricing impact we were able to get on the AB side of the business. We're going to continue that going forward. Our outlook for 2010 is another one to 2% in realized price.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Capital: Great. Thanks a million for the detail.
Eileen Pattinson: All right. Thank you. We've run out of time, and this concludes our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2009 Earnings Conference Call. This webcast will be available via a replay on our website for three weeks. As a reminder, we will be hosting a follow-up Q&A call for investors and analysts at 11:00 Eastern Standard Time. You can find dial-in information on the Investor Relations website and in the press release issued this morning. Thank you again for joining us this morning.
Operator: This concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Eileen Pattinson  Investor Relations Greg Lucier  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David Hoffmeister  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mark Stevenson  President and Chief Operating Officer Bernd Brust  President and Chief Commercial Operations Officer
Analysts: Tycho Peterson  JP Morgan [Matt]  Robert W. Baird & Co. Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank Securities Derik De Bruin  UBS Doug Schenkel  Cowen and Company Isaac Ro  Leerink Swann Marshall Urist  Morgan Stanley Jon Groberg  Macquarie Research Equities
Operator: Welcome to the Q3 2009 Life Technologies Corporation Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Eileen Pattinson, head of investor relations for Life Technologies. Please proceed, ma'am.
Eileen Pattinson: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Life Technologies third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call today as speakers are Greg Lucier, our Chairman and CEO and David Hoffmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. In addition, we have Mark Stevenson, President and Chief Operating Officer and Bernd Brust, Chief Commercial Officer joining us for Q&A. If you haven't received a copy of today's press release, you can obtain one from our Web site at lifetechnologies.com. Before we begin, I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today will include forward-looking statement including but not limited to statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. It is our intent that these forward-looking statements be protected under the Safe Harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in today's press release or on our Web site. For today's call, we'll be referencing a presentation that you can view on line. Instructions to access the Web cast are on our Web site.  Additionally, we will be posting the presentation to our Web site upon the conclusion of this conference call. Greg will begin today's call with highlights of the third quarter and an update on our integration progress. He'll be followed by David, who will give a more detailed review of the company's third quarter operating results and 2009 expectations. I will now hand the call over to Greg Lucier.
Greg Lucier: Thanks, Eileen, and good morning everyone. This quarter we continue the momentum we've had all year resulting in another strong quarter of revenue growth, operating income and free cash flow. In aggregate, our customers speak with our wallets and demonstrate how essential our products are to their all-important work. Aside from the importance our products play in the work of scientists, our success is centered around sound operating rigor and demonstrated execution abilities. I'll go into more detail on the specific initiatives that we accomplished within the quarter, but first let me start with an overview of the financial results we released this morning. In Q3, revenue grew 3% to $805 million. Excluding the impact from currency and the divested LIMS business unit, organic revenue growth for the quarter was 5%. Consistent with previous quarters, this growth was a result of year-over-year increases in both instrument and consumable sales. Gross margin was a robust 67%, slightly higher than the previous year and a result of further integration related savings and continued positive price realization. We had another impressive quarter of operating margin expansion resulting in an ending operating margin of 27.3%, a 290 basis point improvement. Operating income improved 15% or 20% excluding the impact of currency. All of this resulted in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.73 and free cash flow of $164 million. I think it's important to note that these results exceeded our own expectations for several reasons. First, the quarter started out fairly light from the revenue perspective in July but gained significant momentum as time progressed. Given the slow start, we took measures to reduce non-revenue generating expenses. These cost measures resulted in meaningful operating expense declines quarter-over-quarter. A good portion of these expenses were project related and will, therefore, be spent in the coming quarters. As I do each quarter, let me now give you an update on our strategic objectives for the year, growing our core business, flawlessly executing on our integration plan and investing for future growth. Focusing on our core business simply means providing our customers each and every day with the highest quality, the most innovative products and services that make Life Technologies such an integral, essential part of life science research, forensics and bio-production. To that end, it is critical that we have a strong research funnel and development pipeline and that we support these technologies with the most robust commercialization effort. I believe the management of this business equation is what has matured the most in the last three years of our company, and that our organic growth today is as much driven by launching new products as it by price and volume. To that end, this period we launch a plethora of new reagents and several cutting-edge systems such as the magic bench top device that simplifies and automates the sample preparation process for protein and nucleic acid separation. Additionally, we released the BenchPro Western Processor, a completely automated solution to Western blotting. We also continue to make advances in our commercialization efforts. For example, in the third quarter, we added selected AB reagents to our Invitrogen sales team's responsibility. We had a record number of online orders through our e-commerce channels, with 70% of all North American orders processed across the Web. In addition, we launched the Cell Resource Center, a Web portal that is the industry's first comprehensive online resource for cell biology information and technology, as well as added functionality to our Web site for chat and ratings and reviews. Our Web site has been rated number one by our customers for the past several years and has proven to be an important element to achieving customer loyalty and consistent revenue growth. With this channel now approaching almost $1 billion in revenue, we plan to continue to invest vigorously. And finally by focusing on our core it means we periodically pause and ask if we're in the right businesses. You will recall that in September we announced plans to sell our stake in our mass spectrometry joint venture to Danaher Corporation for $450 million. Danaher also signed an agreement to acquire our partner in the J.V., MDS Analytical Technology. MDS shareholders have now approved the MDS portion of the sale and, as such, we expect to close this transaction in the fourth quarter. Our teams have worked diligently in the last two months to ensure a smooth transfer of the business to Danaher and limit disruptions to our customers. As evidenced by a strong financial result, our core business focus is paying off. There's no letting up in our work to deliver to our customers the very best products, services and support. As to our second strategic objective, flawless execution of our integration plans, we continue to do very well. As you can see from our integration scorecard tracker, all areas of the project remain on track. We announced last quarter that our integration efforts have gone so well that we now expect to achieve $95 million in synergy realization in 2009, $15 million more than original expectation. Today I'm pleased to report that we've already put in place actions to achieve $90 million of savings by the end of the year and the remainder to come is in the fourth quarter. This is another indication of how well our plans have gone, and once again, I'd like to thank everyone involved with the integration efforts for all their hard work and dedication. As we said last quarter, our integration leader Mark Smedley and his dedicated team of resources are also responsible for transitioning our mass spectrometry business to Danaher and, therefore, we expect the transition to go smoothly. In early July, we began to further integrate our product offerings by adding 1,400 Applied Biosystems SKUs in Invitrogen sales channels. Enhancements to our systems to support new pricing, quoting, invoicing and distribution processes for these SKUs were completed by the end of the quarter. We've seen a modest revenue benefit from these actions thus far, and expect to see an acceleration in revenue synergy capture over the next few quarters now. Customer feedback on the addition of the products to the Invitrogen Web site and the dual-branded supply centers has been strong and overall, the effort is going smoothly. The final focus area for us in 2009 and beyond is to make investments to fuel future growth. We see enormous potential for our business to make significant impact in the areas of personalized medicine, regenerative science, synthetic biology and companion diagnostics in the months and the years to come. To do so effectively, we must invest both by ramping up our R&D efforts, as well as by making wise external investment and technology acquisitions. Our commitment to furthering innovation in advanced genomics technologies is a great example of how we continue to invest in the growth of our company. During the recent ASHG conference last week, we announced the commercialization of SOLiD 3 Plus, an upgraded platform offering higher through-put, shorter run times, more cost effective reagents and new software to make data analysis easier and shorter. This upgraded platform along with the newly launched 3500 Series Genetic Analyzer, a system that sets new standards for through-put, data quality and ease of use, we see once again we're able to provide scientists with improved platforms and methods to advance research in this important field, furthering our goal of becoming the premier provider of life science tools for our customers. Many of you have heard me say before that to be a great company we must also be a good one. I truly believe that it's our responsibility to give back to the communities in which we reside and reduce our negative impact to our environment. To that end, we have made some major accomplishments in Q3 that I would like to highlight today. In the area of philanthropy, the Life Technologies Foundation made nearly $2 million in grants this quarter. By the end of the year, the foundation is on track to award approximately $5 million to organizations that advance scientific education and promote activities that use biology to improve human life. In Q3, we were also recognized for our global citizenship and sustainability efforts. Life Technologies was named for the second year in a row to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, which recognizes leadership in business, environmental and social issues. We were also named in Newsweek magazine as one of America's greenest companies. I could not be more proud of our initiatives to reduce our impact on the environment. As they say, going green makes green. Our work to reduce waste, energy usage, and our carbon footprint also makes us ever more efficient. One final note before I hand the call over to David, as many of you already know, there has been a recent change in our investor relations group. Amanda Clardy, who has led the IR team since 2006, has been named the chief marketing officer for the company and as such will be transitioning out of her role at investor relations. Her terrific leadership has helped build a greater investor relations team that will now be led by Eileen Pattinson. Eileen joined Invitrogen in 2005 and since that time has held various leadership positions within the finance organization.  I would like to thank Amanda for all her efforts leading investor relations activities for the past three years and welcome Eileen into her role. Under Amanda's watch, our stock has risen 146% to where it is today, and now we're counting on Eileen to do the same. No pressure, Eileen.
Eileen Pattinson: Thanks.
Greg Lucier: I will now hand the call over to David and he'll give you more details on our financial results for the quarter.
David Hoffmeister:  This quarter, we grew revenue 3% to $805 million. Excluding the impact from currency and divestitures, revenue grew 5% organically. We're clearly pleased with this level of organic growth, especially given our expectations going into the quarter. There are a couple of items to note. First, our H1N1 related product revenue was roughly equivalent to Q2 levels at approximately $14 million. We didn't anticipate revenue this high, but we're pleased that our 7500 Fast and Fast Dx Real-Time PCR instruments remain the standard for accurate, timely detection of the flu virus and now serve as the de facto standard for global H1N1 surveillance. The other item to note is that our royalty revenue, which was expected to decline in the range of $12 million to $15 million in Q3, only declined by approximately $7 million. This is a direct result of our licensing team finding a number of new customers for our intellectual property. Most of our business turned in a strong performance for the quarter. Molecular Biology Systems grew approximately 8% organically to $394 million in revenue. The majority of the H1N1 related products resides in this group and accounted for approximately 4 points of growth for the division. Because the H1N1 virus continues to be a very real public health concern, we expect that demand for these products will continue in Q4 at roughly the same levels as we saw in Q3. Aside from H1N1-related sales, this division also benefited from strong growth in qPCR instruments and reagents and continued growth in our transfection related portfolio of products. Genetic Systems had revenue of $216 million, representing 7% organic growth. Our largest business in this division, CE Research, grew in the low single digits this quarter driven by new instrument sales in the Asia Pacific region and licensing revenue. Our Applied Markets business, which includes kits and CE systems, grew in the double digits. In Japan, we won an order to outfit the entire Japanese police force with our 3130xl CE sequencer. This is an example of how this gold standard in sequencing continues to have viable markets and growth opportunities today even though it's a technology that's been around for a while.  And finally, we continue to gain traction in Next Generation Sequencing as we improve the usability of the solid platform. Continuous improvement in the technology along with investments in our service, sales, and marketing are paying off.  Cell Systems had revenues of $189 million, which were flat organically over the same period last year. This division is a tale of two cities with many of the businesses such as our Dynal beads and stem cells growing in the double digits, offset by a year-over-year decline in our bioproduction business. We had several bioproduction customers purchase less in the quarter than they previously forecast. Our Mass Spec division revenue grew 3% organically to $111 million, driven by growth in all regions outside of North America. Sales into applied markets remained strong and we are beginning to see some pick up in pharma sales, particularly in China and Europe, which returned to positive growth. Year-to-date, organic growth for this division is negative 4% in line with our expectations of flat to down 10% for the year. In terms of organic growth by region, excluding the Mass Spec division, Europe grew 8%, Asia Pacific 21%, Japan 7% and the Americas grew 1%. However, it's important to note that all royalty revenue for the company is accounted for in the America's region. Without the impact of royalties, the Americas grew 5%. Currency this quarter reduced revenue growth by approximately 2%, net of our hedging program. The negative impact to EPS was approximately $0.03, including foreign currency effects accounted for in revenue, other income, and the Mass Spec venture.  Before I begin with the financial comparisons, let me remind you that we are comparing all of our non-GAAP financial results to the pro-forma income statements that we've posted on our Web site that combined Invitrogen in the AB for all of 2008. Third quarter non-GAAP gross margin was 67%, an increase of approximately 20 basis points over prior year. This improvement was primarily due to synergy realization, improved price, and a reduction in royalty expense. This was partially offset by lower royalty revenue and currency.  Third quarter operating expenses were $320 million, a decrease of approximately $13 million from prior year levels, as a result of synergy realization and currency. Sequentially, operating expenses declined by approximately 4% as a result of cost controls implemented early in the quarter. Operating income was $220 million, an increase of 15% over prior year, including the impact of currency and 20% excluding currency. Operating margin was 27.3%, representing 290 basis points of improvement year-over-year, including the impact from currency. This level of operating margin expansion resulted primarily from revenue growth, synergy realization, and other operating expense reductions. In terms of other income line items, we had $1 million of interest income and $6 million of income from our Mass Spec joint venture. Interest expense for the quarter was $37 million. This expense does not include the accelerated amortization of issuance costs resulting from the early retirement of debt. This is an important point to note, as last quarter we stated that these accelerated fees would be expensed at the time of payment and that we would include the amount of the acceleration in our non-GAAP results. Upon further review, we've decided that due to the non-recurring and non-cash nature of the fees, we will exclude them from non-GAAP earnings. In Q3, the impact on GAAP EPS of accelerated amortization of issuance costs resulting from the early retirement of $200 million of debt in the quarter was $0.03. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 29.1%. We still expect our full year tax rate to be approximately 29.5%.  Our diluted share count for the quarter was $183.4 million. As you will recall, our share count is impacted by our stock price in the quarter due to our convertible debt and employee stock options. Assuming an average share price between $45 and $50, share count in the fourth quarter would be approximately 186 to 188 million shares. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.22, which includes $0.29 per share of acquisition-related amortization expense, $0.04 per share of non-cash interest expense associated with the adoption of APB 14-1, $0.15 per share of Biosystems integration costs in other items, and $0.03 per share of accelerated amortization of debt issuance cost. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes these items, diluted earnings items per share were $0.73.  Moving onto the balance sheet and cash flow, our ending cash and short-term investments were $580 million. This compares to last quarter's balance of $583 million. Cash from operating activities were $200 million. Capital expenditures were $36 million and free cash flow was $164 million.  Our ending debt as of September 30 was approximately $3.2 billion. This balance is made up of our convertible debt of $1.1 billion and term loans of $2.1 billion.  We have now paid $275 million of the debt associated with the applied Biosystems acquisition. As we indicated previously we intend to use the proceeds associated with the divestiture of the mass spec business, which we estimate to be $290 million to further pay down this debt. In addition to this, we intend to pay down another $100 million late in the fourth quarter. Total debt repayment for the year will be approximately $665 million. In the first three quarters of 2009 revenue increased 6% organically and operating margins have expanded by 300 basis points including the impact from currency. We feel good about our results thus far, and are now focus on the fourth quarter and working towards finishing out the year. With that in mind, I'll now move on to our expectations for the rest of the year. We expect fourth quarter organic revenue growth to be in the high single digits. With that level of organic growth we now expect full-year, non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $2.90 to $2.95. This guidance includes several items that are important to note.  First, we've included the expected Q4 impact from the NIH stimulus in our forecast. In Q3 we saw a couple of million dollars of revenue from stimulus funding, mostly in instrumentation, but also in some other areas, such as stem cell research. As we stated in the past, we expect to see a more meaningful amount of revenue from the stimulus in 2010.  As you can imagine the exact size and timing of the stimulus revenue is difficult to project especially since the funds are just beginning to flow to our customers. With that said, we now believe that we will see revenue of approximately $5 million to $10 million from stimulus funding in the fourth quarter.  Second, we expect the divestiture of the mass spec business will be completed in the fourth quarter. For modeling purposes it's important to note that historically more than half of mass spec revenues and income occur in the third month of the quarter.  Third, our forecast includes a revised estimate of the impact of currency. In the fourth quarter, we expect currency at today's rates and with our hedging programs to increase growth rates by approximately two percentage points.  With that, let me provide some additional financial details on the coming quarter. As we noted previously we expect PCR royalty revenue in Q4 will decline by approximately $5 million to $8 million. Gross margins are expected to be sequentially lower due to lower royalty revenue, lower realized prices and a higher mix of OEM and instrument sales.  Operating expenses will increase sequentially due to a variety of factors including increases in certain project-related costs and the impact of new hires added late in Q3. In addition, expenses associated with employee stock options granted at the end of September, will appear in the fourth quarter.  We expect capital expenditures to ramp up and be in line with our guidance of $175 million to $200 million for the year, including $50 million of integration-related capital. Finally, free cash flow for the year is expected to be approximately $500 million. This is an increase to our previous forecast, which was $475 million. And with that, I'll now hand the call back over to Greg for closing remarks. 
Greg Lucier: Thanks David. As you can see from our results today, we are truly realizing the benefits of the incredibly hard work from our employees and a laser focus on executing our strategic imperatives for the year. As we continue to strengthen our core business by building on what we do best, creating innovative products for our customers, we are actually changing the way research is done, making it faster, simpler and easier to understand.  The promise of our combined company is really starting to come through, not only financially, but also in the way customers think about us. We are being approached by clients to take on bigger challenges and bigger projects that could transform science and medicine. We've never been more encouraged by the future we see. With that, I'll hand it over to Eileen for Q&A.
Eileen Pattinson:  Thanks, Greg. Operator, you can now open the lines for questions. 
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Your first question on the line comes from Tycho Peterson  JP Morgan.
Tycho Peterson  JP Morgan: Hey, good morning. Congrats on a terrific quarter. I'm wondering if we could get a little bit more color on the comments you made around pricing. It sounds like you had some traction this quarter, and then David in your comments you talked about that being a little bit of a headwind in the fourth quarter.  So if you can just kind of, I guess, kind of help us think about how we think about the traction from the additional ABI SKUs, and then how you're thinking about pricing, obviously on a go-forward basis in the next year. 
Bernd Brust:  From a comment here on the fourth quarter, that's more normal around the timing of pricing. As you know we raise our list price traditionally in the beginning of the year and as we go through the year we just see slight degradation throughout the various quarters, and where that usually Q4 is the lightest in pricing. But nothing really unusual from we traditionally see. We believe moving into 2010 that our pricing strategies will continue in the same lines that we've seen in past years. 
Tycho Peterson  JP Morgan: Maybe one for Mark on just the positioning of the SOLiD 3 Plus, and if you can help us think about some of the developments for the coming year as well, I know you've talked in the past about automating the upfront sample prep. If you can talk a little bit more about how you're looking at that  that'll be helpful, too.
Mark Stevenson:  Virtually on the SOLiD 3 Plus, I mean, we again increased the through-put of the system. We got up to 30 gigs and actually one of our customers presented data on a 50-gig run during the meeting at ASHG. So we're really making great progress on through-put and continue to demonstrate great accuracy. This customer showed finding a result just with this single run.  We're continuing to improve on the software so we introduced new software in that, a Bioscope System. We're making good progress in also making the front end steps and during the early part of next year we plan to introduce that automation of front sample prep end.
Tycho Peterson  JP Morgan: And then maybe just one last one for Greg, now that we're coming up on the one year anniversary of the (ABDL), can you just talk about from an infrastructure standpoint where you see the investments going forward between geographic or I know you've talked a little bit about some of the clinical opportunities. So how do we think about headcount and where you're going to be making the investments in the coming year? 
Greg Lucier: Well, let's first talk about headcount. We'll be adding heads into Asia in 2010 quite aggressively. Our China business is really flourishing and we'll add a lot more heads in the China both for sales and service and back office capabilities. We're going to be adding more heads around sequencing.  We're ramping up our R&D efforts on a number of different platforms, not just solid, but technologies beyond that in single molecule sequencing. And so that's basically headcount in terms of the key areas that we're accentuating.  In terms of dollars, as we said in the past we're going to primarily focus on paying down our debt, but you'll start to see from us in the ensuing weeks and months announcements of more strategic technology acquisitions. Nothing large, nothing transformative, but more additive to the portfolio we have. And I would say that many of these acquisitions will focus around really building out our applied business and continuing to build the platform of molecular diagnostics.
Operator: Your next questions comes from the line of Quintin Lai  Robert W. Baird & Co.
[Matt]  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Hi guys. It's actually [Matt] in for Quintin. Congratulations on the quarter. So first, just with the NIH and kind of the NIH expectations for Q4 and as we move into 2010 I think we understand the big money related to sequencing and instruments but Greg, maybe could you talk a little bit about the NIH as  in general is going to impact the rest of your business like CE and cloning?
Greg Lucier:  Well, beyond particular earmarked projects you're basically seeing a rising tide lift all boats. There has been more money going through R1 grants which then, it's up to the PI to determine what they need to buy for their particular lab and their experimentation. And so part of our thinking is, is that our general reagent business, our stronghold in PCR and core CE sequencing will benefit from just increased expenditures coming through the NIH. 
[Matt]  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Thanks for that. And then with respect to H1N1, you guys did such a great job really placing a lot of instruments for H1N1. Now that these boxes are in the labs, how are you thinking about possibly broadening the test venue maybe to stay closer to the patient?
Greg Lucier: That's a great question. As David mentioned, our instrument really has become the de facto standard for H1N1 surveillance here in this country and really around the world now. But since staying focused on the United States the, really I think, interesting opportunity for us is that those instruments reside in government labs across the 50 states.  It's those same labs that do a whole host of testing beyond flu. And we are developing a whole set of assays whether it's around other areas of infectious disease or the like. And maybe Mark, you can talk to some of the other areas that we're developing technology now for that installed base that's existing.
Mark Stevenson: Yes, one of the examples would of course be in the food testing area. We see a lot of interest in pathogen testing such as E. coli 0157 outbreaks. We've ranged  introduced a range of assays for E. coli and listeria, salmonella, expanding out that range. And then there are other areas that we think in that install base as we get into more diagnostic-based testing we can apply onto that platform. So it is a good platform to broaden out our assay consumables.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank Securities:  You've obviously done a phenomenal job on the cost side of things. The synergy capture number continues to come up. Where are we in sort of the cost realization spectrum of both from an acquisition standpoint in terms of how much wood have you chopped on ABI in terms of getting that to be far more profitable?  And then as we go forward, as we think about kind of the incremental margin contribution in both next year and the following, where is the next level of savings coming from? Is it more stickiness on some of the pricing programs that you've done? Is it the revenue capture that you talked about that you expect to build next year? What's sort of the next big leg, because obviously you've done a great job on sort of the original plan?
Greg Lucier: You know Ross, 2009 was really about achieving the basic back office synergies. And I think, as you say, the team has done a really terrific job in capturing them. 2010 will be about two other things. One is about revenue capture, and I'll have Bernd talk to that. But the other is about really supply chain efficiencies.  Now we've made some really great progress in the last six months gearing up for what we think will be terrific procurement savings, really important facility consolidations, and then key expansions into low cost countries where we can get further efficiencies. So 2010 will be about getting those supply chain efficiencies and increased revenue capture, and Bernd why don't you give Ross a few inputs on that.
Bernd Brust: On the revenue capture next year we're really just going to obviously continue the efforts we began this year. Pricing initiatives will continue, throughout the world our focus has been very much in the U.S. and Europe in the beginning of the merger of the two companies.  We started this year by bringing some of the AB products into the Invitrogen team's bags and that will continue where we make sure that that team takes on some of the heavy load related to run rate business for the AB portfolio.  And more and more customer integration as far as there's quite a difference still in maybe core AB customers where Invitrogen wasn't strong and vice versa and picking up the balances of portfolios of those customers is really making traction. So as we continue those initiatives, we think in 2010 we'll see further acceleration.
Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank Securities:  Great, and on the stimulus, David you sort of gave some guidance for Q4. I know it's very hard to predict, but what are you using? Are you looking at sort of the order rates on the instrument side and making some rough assumptions for consumables? Are you  is there kind of a backlog of solid instruments that you're kind of sort of baking in there? I'm just trying to get the sense for how you're kind of coming up with the early estimates.  And then as we sort of turn the page to next year, are we still thinking across the portfolio that the genetics analysis piece is sort of where we're first going to see and then it sort of flows through the rest of the company as labor comes on and general utilization goes up across NIH campuses?
Greg Lucier: Well, Ross this is Greg. In terms of being able to estimate the amount of impact from the stimulus obviously it is just that, an estimate. But we're basing it in the fact that we can track what grants have been awarded to an institution.  In our follow-up then we can usually assess fairly well if they've started to spend the money against the particular award and then we can obviously track to our order board what came in from the lab, whether it was instruments or reagents. So that's how our estimates are really based. It's both on fact and then follow-up with these clients.  And then on the last point you say about do we see more business coming from instruments versus reagents initially, I think that's generally true and Bernd can give some more color on the fact that we saw some beginnings of that at the end of the third quarter, more now in the beginning of the fourth quarter that we're seeing an increased rate of some instrumentation orders.
Bernd Brust :  I think that's right Greg. If you look at the  all those small numbers that David mentioned, the few million dollars in Q3 and $5 million to $10 million in Q4, much of that really is coming from the instrument lines across the spectrum of the portfolio actually and obviously we believe the outcome of that will be increased reagent consumption as those instruments come on line and users are there to operate the instruments.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin  UBS. 
Derik De Bruin  UBS:  When you start  can you remind us what the FX impact was on the operating margin and EPS year to date? I'm just trying to get a sense of how we, now that currencies have moved back, how we should start thinking about this for 2010, particularly net of your hedging programs?
David Hoffmeister: Yes, Derik we can provide that detail. Why I think that's probably better provided as a follow-up call so we'll pull that together and we'll have it there. Do you have another question?
Derik De Bruin  UBS:  Yes, absolutely. I guess, once again, just type of, I know you're not going to give guidance for 2010 but I'm just curious in broad terms of you've got the  held mass spec business offset by some of the debt repayments. You've got a lot of moving parts in terms of synergies and stuff.  I guess certainly when you start looking at EPS growth for next year are there any general guidelines? I mean are we looking at double digits, mid teens, I mean, can you just give us some feel back on how you see the business giving all the moving parts?
David Hoffmeister:  You know Derik, we think we're going to have a good 2010. That's about what I'll say at this point.
Greg Lucier: Yes, I mean Derik, we're just in the process now Derik, like most of the companies I'm sure you're following going through, are planning for 2010. We don't see anything that would lead us to believe that we wouldn't continue on the trajectory that we're on, but I think it's premature at this point to comment on any specifics on 2010.
Derik De Bruin  UBS: Okay and just one follow up question. Can you comment on the cell culture business, a couple of your  one of your competitors was saying their business picked up in 3Q, admittedly off of easier comps but also from some flu vaccine sales. Can you just talk what you see in terms of your pharmaceutical customers there and specifically why there were the  their orders were off.
Greg Lucier: You know Derik as we've said in the past; you really can't compare us to our colleagues in this industry. We all have our own set of customers with their own set of dynamics and it's still a great business, it's a lumpy business and we had some lumpiness in Q3 so that's really all we can say.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel  Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen and Company: Let me just start with a question on royalties. Can you remind us what the negative impacts of royalty expirations were in each of the first and second quarters and clearly you did a good job managing against the royalty expiration from the third quarter. How likely or unlikely is it that you can continue to do a better job than your guidance range in managing against the royalty expirations in the quarter?
Greg Lucier: Well, in terms of the actual numbers I think they can get that data for you in a follow-up call, Doug, but more broadly of our efforts to offset the natural year-over-year declines we see in that PCR patent family, let me just kind of go back to the beginning.  First of all, that patent family, as you know, extends over a very long period of time, all the way out into 2017 as I recall. So we're going to have these PCR royalties with us for a long time, albeit though they do go down between now and that time I just mentioned.  Now having said that we assembled a team about six, seven months ago; we brought together the best licensing people out of AB and Invitrogen. They've now been together for about six months and you're now just starting to see the product that they've produced, which is the ability to start offsetting these royalty declines. Now they have some really exciting ideas and I think that this is something that we'll probably share in more detail in a coming earnings call/slash investor day early next year, but suffice it to say when we did the merger with AB one of the comments I made was we understood the patent family around PCR and we felt confident that over time our work could not only retard the reduction of it but maybe even increase it. And I would say we're on track on that goal here only 10 months, 11 months into the merger.
David Hoffmeister: Doug, the actual numbers are royalties declined $7 million to $8 million in the first half of the year and as you recall we said they would accelerate  the decline would accelerate in the second half. Third quarter royalties were down $7 million?
Doug Schenkel  Cowen and Company: Right.
David Hoffmeister:  And Q4 we're estimating that it will down another $5 million to $8 million.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen and Company: And then maybe if I could ask another pricing question, and I guess this would probably be for Bernd. You talked about a slight degradation expected in pricing in the fourth quarter, which of course is the norm for Invitrogen historically.  But isn't there a bit of a catch-up still going on in terms of applying the Invitrogen pricing strategy to AB products? And then I guess longer term is there any reason to think that you cannot get the typical 2% pricing increase annually next year and beyond.
Bernd Brust: Hi Doug, As far as the question on continued pricing obviously we want to make sure we price our products competitively. At the same time be as aggressive as we can in getting the right price for our products. The numbers we've set out and we've seen traditionally we believe we continue to get on our products specifically to Q4.  There's no doubt that this year some of the pricing on the AB portfolio, given the new initiatives that weren't in place before are a little bit healthier. We've seen it obviously in the first three quarters of this year as well and so that same downturn that we may see in the traditional fourth quarter of Invitrogen we also believe will hit us on the AB side a little bit.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen and Company: And then last question and then I'll get back in the queue, it's a stimulus question. You talked about maybe getting some orders it sounds like probably late in the third quarter run off from stimulus given the way you talked about stimulus during the quarter where do you expect much of an impact? So I just wanted to make sure that was the case. And then again, another longer term question. Do you expect that well, maybe you won't see the same degree of upfront instrument bolus that some others in the group might see, given that they have a higher instrument sales mix? That over time Life is going to see a more consistent and prolonged benefit that'll last several years, just given the fact that there is probably the possibility or likelihood of continued consumables pull-through?
Greg Lucier: Yes, I think on this last point I would just echo what you say. Every instrument we sell now with the divestiture of mass spec consumes a lot of consumables and so part of the strategy that Bernd is putting together is just how do we capture the lion's share of all those consumables that will be needed by not only our instruments but our competitor's instruments as they get installed?
Bernd Brust: And to that point, what we're doing to capture that revenue we are bringing in a significant number of additional sales resources in the U.S. next year that will primarily focus on the larger academic accounts are the recipients of these funds so that any reagent pull-through on those instruments, both ourselves and our competitors, are going to come our way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro  Leerink Swann.
Isaac Ro  Leerink Swann:  First thing, on just next gen sequencing, I was wondering if I heard you right when you mentioned that with headcount adds in that business area that you might be looking at sort of a parallel development path for single molecule technologies versus solid and I'm wondering if that's right? And secondly, just maybe if you could lay out what you think the key strategic considerations need to be in that business for you guys as it relates to sort of the competitive landscape today, both with the current generation and other single molecule platforms potentially around the corner?
Bernd Brust: So firstly on the program itself we do already have a parallel program. So as well as investing in solid and the future generations of solid, we have a program ongoing in a single molecule effort that is progressing well and we believe we'll be introducing a competitive platform in the coming market here. As regard to what we think when we look at this market, we think there'll be continuing an opportunity for these short read systems such as our solid system where the through-put really allows you to do experiments in sequencing and comparative sequencing that'll continue to be the case for the next three to five years. And so we'll invest in that through-put. We'll invest in that accuracy. We think the single molecule programs will be particularly good and the advantage we see in that is what we get long run reads with high accuracy. And so we're developing the chemistry and we think that'll be most important as we come into this marketplace to be able to show that to the community and we'll start demonstrating and showing some of that data during next year 2010.
Isaac Ro  Leerink Swann: And then just a second question on H1N1 and the continued strength you saw there, I'm just wondering if you could maybe comment on the type of incremental funding that you're seeing for that type of product? Is it at the state level maybe for additional equipment or is it really more pull-through on the consumables for the installed equipment you already have at the various state labs?
Bernd Brust: At this point I think we have seen the bolus of new instruments that were placed  ordered for the H1N1 testing specifically. At this point it's fairly, or mainly [Rage] and pull-through our SuperScript and AgPath, our reagent portfolio [DEB] are being purchased by those users now for testing.
Isaac Ro  Leerink Swann: And then just lastly, to clear up on the media business, could you maybe comment if there was any customer specificity regarding the weakness there this quarter? And I'm wondering is there maybe a timing element there that snaps back in the fourth quarter? And then just lastly, big picture on that business, how do you look at the opportunities to grow faster than the market? Is there incremental opportunity with chemically-defined media type products?
Greg Lucier:  Well on that last point clearly virtually all new biologics now are being done in chemically-defined media and our format there is AGT, that's advanced granular formulation, really has captured a big share of the market for new biologics. So we're very pleased with that. Just in terms of quarter-to-quarter sales of this business, I would first just step back and say you have to remember this is probably less than 4% or 5% of the company. It's a fairly small portion now of the new Life Technologies and because of just the way that our customers run their factories there is a fair amount of perturbation in ordering between quarters. That's basically all we saw here in Q3.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marshall Urist  Morgan Stanley.
Morgan Urist  Morgan Stanley: So a few things, the first thing I just wanted to make sure the royalty offsets that you guys talked about that you were able to put in place are continuing, right? So that it's not like we'll see sort of it's not shifting sort of shifting royalties out into 2010 or beyond?
Greg Lucier: That's correct.
Morgan Urist  Morgan Stanley: And then on the CE front it was another, obviously, good quarter. You guys have been hesitant to talk about how sustainable this is going to be. So where are you guys thinking we stand on that front right now and are you kind of getting more positive that that business is going to see sustainable growth?
Mark Stevenson: Yes, Marshall, we've certainly been surprised a little bit by how strong CE has remained in some of the research segments and we're seeing that with labs still use CE to do some of their finishing experiments. And it kind of reaffirms our view that we see actually a continuum of these sequencing technologies across both CE both solid and now into the single molecule that we'll continue to offer. We also, of course, introduced in this market the new 3500 instrument which will go into some of these hospitals and diagnostic labs. So that'll also begin to give us strength in the CE market. It's a very easy to use system, very straightforward for the labs who just want to do some simple straightforward sequencing. Given that we've been more positive in these results, however, the more medium trend is over time still for next generation sequencing to replace this research segment and so we still expect declines over time offset by this large growth in diagnostics and forensic market that'll go on in the CE applied market segment.
Morgan Urist  Morgan Stanley: And then on that, just getting maybe a little more granular there, can you give us a sense of how much on the  how much of the growth in CE is being driven by consumables versus instruments?
Mark Stevenson: Well, the majority of the growth will still come in the future from continued use in consumables. The instruments over time we would still expect to decline as there's not that many more placements going on outside these diagnostic labs and forensic labs.
Morgan Urist  Morgan Stanley: But in the current  in the last few quarters has it been mostly instruments or are we seeing sort of equal contribution from consumables and instruments in CE?
Mark Stevenson:  In CE it's a balance because you have some of the balance of the new forensic placements going in that are balancing some of the growth in consumables.
Eileen Pattinson: [Antoine], we have time for one more caller.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Jon Groberg  Macquarie Capital.
Jon Groberg  Macquarie Research Equities: I think most have been asked. Just one question, Greg, you mentioned and I think you kind of guided in fact after the second quarter that some of your  you thought some of the investments you'd made SG&A would be up sequentially and you said that given what you saw in July you kind of put some of those on pause. Can you just talk about what kind of investments those were specifically and how we think about those coming back online?
Greg Lucier: Well, when we did the early in the quarter expense control part of it was non-project related and that was just tightening up on travel and the usual things companies do. Then the other part was project-related which just allowed us to shift our focus of when we start these programs a month or so out into the fourth quarter. And that's why I guided to say that some of these expenses will return in the coming quarters. Part of it here for us was we have a number of different R&D projects that we want to get launched and so we just shifted the launching of those R&D projects out, like I said, about a month or so.
David Hoffmeister: Then there were some marketing programs we said last quarter. It was basically R&D and marketing.
Jon Groberg  Macquarie Research Equities: So is there any reason to think that on the travel side are there stuff, or do you find that  some companies I'm talking to are saying we're finding we can actually do a lot more with less so some of these costs just probably won't come back? Or do you think some of these more discretionary items that you talked about will come back as well?
Greg Lucier: Well, I think we showed that we can have great results by saving and tightening the belt a bit more, so like really every company out there we're doing more with less and I anticipate that will continue.
David Hoffmeister: You're absolutely right, Jon, we're driving efficiencies, but as I said in my prepared remarks that we do expect that expenses, operating expenses in the fourth quarter will increase.
Jon Groberg  Macquarie Research Equities: And then last question here, you made some comments around  there's been a few discussions around kind of the next generation of sequencing. You mentioned things you might be doing internally on single molecule.  As we move to this next iteration of kind of cheaper, easier-to-use, how complete is that technology portfolio, Greg? Or you mentioned acquisitions on maybe moving into more of some of the applied diagnostic markets, but what about just on the technology front associated with what you perceive to be kind of the future of sequencing?
Greg Lucier: Well, your question is how complete. Clearly we have a very exciting clear roadmap for solid over the next couple of years, and as Mark mentioned that will be higher throughput, more accuracy, more usability with automation. We also have had the ongoing program around single molecule which will get launched and we think will be a game-changer in the field of single molecule sequencing. And then I would say we have a fairly large team, obviously, probably the biggest in the world out scouring the generation technology even beyond that. And we're working on intellectual property. We're working on licensing. We're working on collaborations with a generation technology that even exceeds single molecule. And when Mark talks about the continuum I would only back that up to say look, we are going to be over the course of time the sequencing company and we'll have a range of technologies to offer to customers and we're very serious about that commitment.
Jon Groberg  Macquarie Research Equities: Could I just ask a theoretical question there, Greg, to follow up? If you saw some technology that would rapidly cannibalize your CE business, would you be willing to  would you be  some people, it's hard as a public company in terms of what to do sometimes, but would you be willing to cannibalize your existing cells to make sure that you had that business?
Greg Lucier: That's an easy question, of course. I mean look, if you're going to  if substitution's going to happen you want to be the company that substitutes yourself and that's really not a conflict inside this company because it happens all the time. It's just the case of in your example CE would be a little bit bigger than other examples we've certainly done to ourselves over the past five to six years. But the answer is absolutely yes.
Eileen Pattinson: Thank you. We are out of time. Thank you for joining us. This concludes our third quarter earnings conference call. This webcast will be available via a replay on the website for three weeks. Thank you again for joining the call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Amanda Clardy  VP, IR and Corporate Communications Greg Lucier  Chairman and CEO David Hoffmeister  SVP and CFO Mark Stevenson  President and COO Bernd Brust  President and Chief Commercial Operations Officer
Analysts: Tycho Peterson  JP Morgan Quintin Lai  Robert W. Baird Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank Derik De Bruin  UBS Doug Schenkel  Cowen Isaac Ro  Leerink Swann Jon Wood  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Marshall Urist  Morgan Stanley Jon Groberg  Macquarie
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second quarter 2009 Life Technologies Corporation earnings conference call. My name is Louisa, and I will be your operator for today. (Operator instructions)  I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Amanda Clardy, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for Life Technologies. Please proceed ma'am.
Amanda Clardy: Thank you Louisa and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to Life Technologies Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today are speakers, Greg Lucier, our Chairman and CEO; and David Hoffmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. In addition, we have Mark Stevenson, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bernd Brust our Chief Commercial Officer joining us for Q&A. If you havent received a copy of todays press release you can obtain one from our website at lifetechnologies.com. Before we begin, I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements including, but not limited to statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. It is our intent that these forward-looking statements be protected under the Safe Harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in todays press release or on our web site. For todays call we will be referencing a presentation that you can view online. Instructions to access the web cast are on our website. Additionally, we will be posting the presentation to our website upon the conclusion of this conference call. Greg will begin todays call with highlights for the first half and an update on our integration progress. He will then be followed by David, who will give a more detailed review of the companys second quarter operating results and our expectations for the rest of 2009. I will now hand the call over to Greg Lucier.
Greg Lucier: Thanks, Amanda. We are extremely pleased to have delivered another quarter of SOLiD operating results. It has been a great first-half of the year and with good performance from legacy businesses, despite the tough macroeconomic conditions we all face today. In Q2 total company revenue grew 2% to $839 million. Revenue growth without the impact from foreign currency was 7.5%. Instrument revenue grew in the mid-teens as a result of good growth in all our instrument lines as well as sales of H1N1 related systems, which I will discuss in more detail in a moment. Consumables and services revenue grew as expected in the mid-single digits. Gross margin was a robust 66.7% equivalent to the first quarter and as a result of the integration related savings and positive price realization. We had another the impressive quarter of operating margin expansion resulting in ending operating margin of 27.2%, a 410 basis point improvement. Operating income improved 20% or 36% excluding the impact of currency. All of this resulted in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.79 and free cash flow of $105 million. As we announced in our press release today, we have used a good portion of our cash to repay $200 million of our outstanding debt. Without question this was a great quarter, everything was firing on all cylinders and we accomplished quite a lot. I believe this performance once again demonstrates the strength of our operating model, the diversity of our technology portfolio and hard work of our people. It shows how essential our products are to the everyday work of our customers around the world. Before I get into the details of the quarter, I think it is important to note a factor that had a significant effect on our performance, so we can keep it in perspective when thinking about the future. In the last few months, we've all seen the world's attention focus on influenza A H1N1 virus. The CDC, World Health Organization, and other health agencies around the globe have been focused on detection and prevention since the outbreak first began. Life Technologies was contacted early on in the outbreak soon after the first case was discovered to help outfit labs around the world with our 7500 Fast and Fast DX PCR machines that run CDC developed assays. The assay also utilizes several critical biological components from us. We are pleased to be able to respond quickly to the needs of these global health organizations, and have created a dedicated team to continue to provide as much support as necessary. Our response to these agencies would not have been possible if Invitrogen and Applied Biosystems had been separate companies. We are able to provide our customers with a complete solution from instruments to reagents to service. It is a true testament to the strategic rationale for our combination and could not have come at a more critical time. The revenue we received from this quarter from H1N1 related products was approximately $15 million. As we do with each quarter, let me now give you an update on our strategic objectives for the year, growing our core business, flawlessly executing upon our integration plan, and investing for future growth. The first objective, growing our core business, focuses on delivering to our current customers the best possible products, services and support. Obviously our results in the first half of the year are a testament to how we are doing in this area. In the second quarter, we launched some notable new instruments as well as hundreds of new reagents, successfully implemented a new version of our reagent website for more convenient transactions, launched our first marketing promotion that combined products from both legacy companies, and completed a small technology purchase for IP-related to digital PCR, which will further expand our considerable PCR patent estate. These achievements are examples of the continuous improvements we make to grow our business. In addition, you may recall that we announced a small divestiture several weeks ago. This business which generated about $6 million in revenue per quarter provided an information management system for laboratories. This is an example of how we are focusing on our core business by finding the rightful owner for pieces that are not a strategic fit for Life Technologies going forward. It is critical for a company to focus on its core competencies in order to be successful, and we've shown that by making these difficult trade-offs we deliver better financial results. The second objective we are focusing on in 2009 is executing a flawless integration of Invitrogen and Applied Biosystems. The integration is going extremely well, and we not only remain on track to deliver our three-year synergy target, we are now confident we will achieve more than originally communicated for our first year synergies. We now expect to achieve $95 million of synergy realization in 2009 versus our most recent guidance of $80 million. This increase in 2009 expectation is because we executed so effectively on our own original target, we were able to accelerate a number of actions that we had originally planned for 2010 with no impact on customers or on our business performance. We could not be more pleased with the efforts that our employees from across the company have put in to achieving the promise of this combination. When we originally announced the deal, there were many skeptics who couldn't see the vision and promise what our combined company could be, but our employees from both legacy companies rallied around what we had to accomplish to make one plus one equal more than two, and I can honestly say that they have not disappointed. I'm very proud to be part of this effort. I want to thank our people for going the extra mile for our customers and their colleagues each and every day. I would also like to highlight a major effort within the company over the last few months to further integrate our product offerings for our customers, and offer them even greater choice across our portfolio. In early July, we launched these key changes, which included making 1400 AB products available through Invitrogen sales channels, enhancing our assistance to support new coding, pricing, invoicing and distribution process and aligning compensation plans for our sales force to support these additional products. Now we don't expect these actions to generate substantial revenue in 2009, but there are a significant step towards capitalizing on the full potential of our combined company in front of our customers. As you can see from our integration tracker scorecard, all areas of the project are green, which signifies that everything is on track. We have over 50 full-time people on the integration effort and track over 7800 individual task line items. The largest part of the project in the last 90 days has been the development of these commercial systems to enable more co-operation in the field between the legacy, Invitrogen and AB sales teams. With these changes now complete and fully tested, we believe we will be able to create a much more powerful solution for our customers. Third and final objective that I want to talk about today is how we intend to invest for the future. One of the great benefits of our core business is that our product mix is heavily weighted towards high margin consumables allow us to generate enough cash to continue investing in the future of our business, and while we pay very close attention to executing on our strategies of today, we're always looking ahead on what might come next. We also believe that companies that not only weather tough economic times, but perhaps also take advantage of this time to invest for the future are the ones that ultimately achieve even greater shareholder value. To that end, we plan on investing in some critical R&D and sales and marketing programs that will drive even further growth. Our areas of interest include further acceleration of our sequencing roadmap and ramping up of our synthetic biology toolset to support biofuels research, continued expansion of our sales and service footprint around the globe. I will now hand it over to David to give you more details on our financial results for the first half and second quarter. David?
David Hoffmeister: Thanks, Greg, and good afternoon everyone. This quarter we grew revenue 2% including currency and 7.5% organically. We clearly are very happy with this level of organic revenue growth; however it is worth reiterating what Greg mentioned earlier about the revenue from H1N1 related sales. We estimate this added approximately $15 million of benefit resulting in roughly 2 points of organic growth to the quarter. We don't expect this level of revenue from H1N1 related products in the future. The rest of our strong performance was due to the continued strength in all of our divisions and several new product launches. Molecular Biology Systems grew approximately 8% organically to $399 million in total revenue. The majority of H1N1 related revenue for products was in this division, resulting in approximately 4 points of organic growth for Molecular Biology Systems. Aside from H1N1 related revenue, a few notable areas that contributed to growth in this division were next-generation sequencing reagent kits, including Sample Prep [ph], a new transfection product launched last quarter and multiple new product launches this quarter, including pre-designed TaqMan Assays for disease research, a range of reagents for animal health, and a whole transcription kit for SOLiD. Genetic Systems had a strong quarter with $233 million in total revenue, representing 11% organic growth. To better understand the factors contributing to this growth, I will give some color on the different businesses in this division. The largest division is CE research with approximately 50% of the total revenue. This business declined in the low single digits in the quarter. You'll recall that our own original guidance called for declines of high-single to low-double digits, but we have had recent success with several large deals in the hospital and clinical labs markets as well as in emerging geographies. However, given that these deals are unpredictable and lumpy in nature, we are not prepared to change our original expectations for this business at this point. The second largest business in this division is our Applied Markets unit, which includes kits and CE systems most importantly for forensics. This business grew in the mid-teens bolstered by several large orders in the Asia-Pacific region. The last business in Genetic Systems is next-generation sequencing. We had continued acceleration for demand of our SOLiD next-generation sequencing product this quarter and hit a record win rate for new orders. Our system is now at the point where we are clearly the leader in throughput and accuracy, which is critically important in such areas as cancer research. This is clearly paying off in the number of new wins for SOLiD, such as the one we announced today with the University of Queenslands Institute for Molecular Biology. Our third division, Cell Systems grew revenue by 4.5% organically to $201 million. Most product areas within Cell Systems contributed to this growth. Our most successful Invitrogen product launch ever, Countess, continues to drive meaningful growth and is a great example of how we are increasingly able to solve customer problems with benchtop instruments. Our stem cell business continues to grow significantly as many of the products are now considered the gold standard in stem cell research and are validated across many protocols. We have a new website specifically designed for stem cell researchers that is helping to drive traffic to our product offerings. We also had our largest revenue quarter ever for our research cell culture media and reagents partly due to the success of our new bottle design. Growth in these business units were slightly offset by year-over-year decline in bio-production related products. As a reminder bio-production revenues, which are approximately 20% of this division are very lumpy, so fluctuations in growth is typical. Moving on to the last division Mass Spec, our joint venture with MDS, revenue declined 12% organically in the second quarter. Recall Q2 2008 was a high-volume quarter for Mass Spec and therefore created a difficult comparison period. First half organic growth for the division was a negative 6.8%, which is in line with our expectations. The end markets for this division appear to be stabilizing and in fact we saw good growth outside the United States, especially in Europe and China. In terms of the future, we still expect this business to be flat to down 10% for the year, and we would anticipate that the NIH stimulus will be of modest benefit to growth in the fourth quarter. Other revenue was $6.8 million. As a reminder this is associated with our Mass Spec division, but not in the joint-venture and consists of consumable products used on discontinued Mass Spec systems. In terms of organic growth by region, excluding the Mass Spec division, the Americas and Europe both grew 6%, Asia-Pacific was up 30%, and Japan grew 1%. Currency this quarter impacted revenue growth by approximately 5.5 percentage points net of our hedging program. The negative impact to EPS was approximately $0.14, including foreign currency impacts accounted for in revenue, other income, and the Mass Spec joint venture. Before I begin with the additional financial comparisons, let me remind you that we are comparing all of our non-GAAP financial results to the pro forma income statements we published on our website that combines Invitrogen and AB for all of 2008. Second quarter non-GAAP gross margin was 66.7%, an increase of 140 basis points from Q2 08. This improvement was primarily due to synergy realization, improved price and manufacturing plant productivity. This was somewhat offset by product mix and currency exchange. Second quarter operating expenses were $332 million, a decrease of approximately $15.5 over prior years levels, due mostly to reduced currency exchange impact and savings from integration related synergies, somewhat offset by increases in employee bonuses and depreciation. Sequentially operating expenses grew by approximately 4% due to headcount related expenses and outside service fees, somewhat offset by additional synergy realization. Operating income was $228 million, an increase of 20% year-over-year including the impact from currency and 36% excluding the impact from currency. Operating margin was 27.2% representing 410 basis points of improvement over the prior year including the impact from currency. This level of operating margin expansion primarily resulted from organic revenue growth and the realization of integration related synergies. In terms of other income line items, we had $700,000 of interest income and $9.6 million of other income consisting of $14.5 million of income from our Mass Spec joint venture offset by foreign currency losses. Interest expense for the quarter was $39 million. As Greg mentioned earlier, we just repaid $200 million of term loan B debt last week. This repayment will result in lower interest expense in the long term, however, in the short term the related debt issuance costs are expensed at the time of repayment. The acceleration of this amortization will be approximately $7 million in the third quarter. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 29.3%. We expect our full-year tax rate to be 29.5%, which is slightly above our previous full-year expectations of 29%. The increase is due to a greater amount of income earned in the United States than originally expected. Our diluted share count for the quarter was 179 million. As you will recall, our share count is impacted by our stock price in the quarter due to our convertible debt and employee stock options. Assuming our stock price continues to increase throughout the year, our share count in the second half is expected to be between the range of 183 million and 186 million shares. Our non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.79. GAAP earnings per share were $0.22, which includes $0.42 per share of acquisition-related amortization expenses, $0.04 per share of non-cash interest expense associated with the adoption of APB 14-1, and $0.11 per share of business integration costs and other expense. Comparability year-over-year is limited for your earnings per share figures due to the merger with Applied Biosystems. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow, our ending cash and short-term investments were $583 million. This compares to last quarters balance of $465 million. Cash from operating activities were $147 million, capital expenditures were $42 million and free cash flow was $105 million. Our ending debt as of June 30 was approximately $3.5 billion. This is made up of our convertible debt of $1.15 billion and straight debt of approximately $2.4 billion. As I mentioned, we have now repaid $200 million of this debt. For the first half of 2009, revenue increased 6.5% organically, and operating margins have expanded by 300 basis points including the impact from currency. Clearly this is the result of a multiple of things ranging from hard work on the integration efforts to conservative expense spending due to the uncertain economic environment we are operating in to timing. Nonetheless, we remain cautious about expecting the first-half trend to continue. With that in mind I will now move on to our expectations for second half of the year. We now expect second half organic revenue growth to be in the mid-single digits versus low-single digits we indicated last quarter. With that level of organic growth in the second half, we expect full-year non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $2.70 to $2.80. This revised guidance includes several items that are important to note. First, we have now included the expected Q4 impact of the NIH stimulus, although we believe it will be minimal in 2009. As we have stated before, we expect most of the revenue impact from the stimulus package will fall in 2010. The second item included in our revised expectations is the increased synergy target for 2009 that Greg specified earlier. Through the second quarter, we have now completed actions that will ensure realization of $80 million of this, this year, and we expect to generate another $15 million in the coming two quarters, resulting in a full year 2009 synergy realization of $95 million. The third item included in the new guidance is the revised impact of currency exchange rates. In the third quarter, we expect currency exchange at today's rates and with our hedging programs to negatively impact growth rates by approximately 2 to 3 points. In the fourth quarter, again at today's rates we expect it will be flat to positive one point of growth. The last new item now included in our guidance is the impact from our divestiture mentioned earlier. The LIMS analytical software business contributed about $6 million per quarter in revenue with approximately 10% operating margins. We have removed this contribution from our outlook starting in August. And finally, as is our practice, I will also give you a few items to take into consideration for the coming quarter. Although the second half organic growth rate is expected to be in the mid-single digits, it will be unequally distributed by quarter. We expect to grow organically in the low-single digits in the third quarter and in the high single digits in the fourth quarter. As you will recall the majority in the $30 million of royalty revenue declines that we have previously communicated happens in the second half of this year with approximately $12 million to $15 million of the decline occurring in the third quarter. Gross margins are expected to be sequentially lower due to added royalty revenue decline, lower price realization, lower fixed costs absorption as well as a the shift in mix to more instrument sales. Operating expenses will increase sequentially due to several R&D and marketing programs that began late in the second quarter. We expect capital expenditures to ramp up in the remaining quarters and to be in line with our guidance of $175 million to $200 million for the year, including $50 million of integration related capital. Free cash flow for the year is expected to be approximately $475 million, and this is an increase in our estimate given last quarter of $450 million. With that, I will now hand the call back over to Greg for closing remarks.
Greg Lucier: Thanks, David. So to wrap up the first half of the year, without question we posted some great results. Organic growth in the mid-single digits and organic margin expansion of hundreds of basis points in this type of economy says a lot about the type of business we have, especially if you look at other companies in this space and beyond. Clearly our focus on the academic market continues to pay off as does the investments that both legacy companies have made in Asia. We remain focused on driving growth in our core business and sometimes that means making hard choices to divest good business units that just arent strategic to where we want to take the company. We will continue to take a hard look at our portfolio and make those decisions as necessary. We are generating strong free cash flow, which is giving us the ability to rapidly pay down our debt each and every quarter, and finally we are making tremendous progress on our integration efforts so much so that we are able to be a key partner to agencies such as the CDC, something as critical as H1N1 detection. This is a perfect example of the promise of the merger between Invitrogen and Applied Biosystems. Had we been standalone companies, we never could have provided the rapid response or work flow solution that the World Health Organization needed in this situation. We are more confident than ever that this was the right combination at the right time. With that I will hand it back over to Amanda for questions and answers.
Amanda Clardy: Thank you, Greg. Louisa, you can now open up the line for questions.
Operator:
 :
Tycho Peterson  JP Morgan: Hi, good afternoon and congratulations on a great quarter.
Greg Lucier: Thank you.
David Hoffmeister: Thank you.
Tycho Peterson  JP Morgan: You know maybe, David, I will take the bait on a comment that you had made about SOLiD and you quoted kind of record win rates, can you just give us a sense of where these systems are being placed, demand within core genome centers, outside the genome centers, and maybe US International. And then as a follow-up the acquisition you announced, it looks like there are some sequencing applications. So what is the timeline in terms of incorporating that into the sequencing pathway?
Greg Lucier: Thanks, Tycho. Let me actually hand that over to Mark Stevenson.
Mark Stevenson: Hi Tycho, it is Mark here. So firstly on SOLiD, we are seeing really this uptake of SOLiD going on and really translation of research centers around the world. We will quote just an example of one in Australia. It is really where the labs see the advantage of the throughput and the accuracy, particularly our win rate in cancer centers where that application is important in the accuracy, and also while customers are doing gene expression and the throughput translates into higher tag number in those gene expression applications. So it is really helping carrying it around the world for us and it was a great quarter in terms of the win rates as we said. In terms of the digital PCR technology, it is really an IP play [ph] at this point that we see broader applications not just in the PCR as you point to but also there may be some applications into next-generation sequencing. It is something as we invest for the future you will see as roll out as well as licensing program as we go into 2010.
Tycho Peterson  JP Morgan: Okay, that is helpful. Maybe turning to the integration process, you know I appreciate you guys updating the synergy targets, Greg can you comment a little bit on what that you are pulling forward here, these roof top [ph] closures or these working out input costs a little bit more aggressively?
Greg Lucier: Well, I think it is primarily related to the items that we have really targeted for 2009 into the early part of 2010. So as we had said before, these are synergies around some of the back-office areas of finance, HR, IT, the support structure as well as eliminating the existing overhead that was in place with the (inaudible) structure. And then also we have seen some ability to accelerate the commercial synergies around where we are putting AB products into supply centers around the world, and our pricing realization has been able to be a little bit more successful than we thought we would be able to do only in 2009. So overall I think it really was spread across the integration. These were ideas and tasks that we had targeted in the first quarter or so of 2010 that we are able to move into this calendar year and get them done.
Tycho Peterson  JP Morgan: Okay, that is great. I will get back in the queue. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Quintin Lai  Robert W. Baird: Hi, good afternoon, and congratulations from us as well.
Greg Lucier: Thank you.
Quintin Lai  Robert W. Baird: With respect to the comments on the NIH and the impact on the back half of the year and then 2010, is that guidance based on kind of instruments starting off in the fourth quarter, which I guess are less of a percentage of your overall business, and then as those projects start to really ramp up that is when we will start to see the impact in 2010?
Greg Lucier: Well, I think that  yes. So what we said again is that we expect that the impact in 2009 will be minimal. It is hard to predict because not much of the money has started to flow yet. We think that most of the impact will be in 2010, and we think that the purchases will probably start with instruments and then move into consumables. What we have seen that there is probably going to be more funds in 2011 than we originally expected as well.
Quintin Lai  Robert W. Baird: Okay, and then the guidance in the back half of the year with respect to H1N1, is that assuming that the instruments that were placed, the reagent consumption starts to come down over the back half or you say you are not expecting another impact, you know, could you talk a little bit about what you saw in Q2? Was it mostly instruments or instruments and consumables?
Mark Stevenson: Hi Quintin, this is Mark. I will take the second part on the H1N1. So the initial amount was very much the public health labs, particularly here in the US gearing up with instruments. What we expect during the second half of the year is more consumable usage on those instrument platforms, both here in the US and also other countries around the world that have started now monitoring.
Quintin Lai  Robert W. Baird:
 :
Mark Stevenson: That is correct. We expect some amount of benefit, but not at the level that we saw in Q2.
Quintin Lai  Robert W. Baird: Okay, and then just kind of as a strategic question follow-up, the fact that you were able to ramp up so quickly and help out the public labs, does it costs you too maybe kind of rethink how fast your progress towards maybe a diagnostic strategy now that you have combined the two companies?
Greg Lucier: Yes, I think that is a very good follow-up and certainly we see this as a model for how we might initially enter certainly some of the diagnostics space. In just the last couple of weeks, we introduced two platforms at the WACR the main cancer meeting, and at that we had both the 7500 DX, and also our new CE instrument, the 3500. And this opportunity for partner organizations like we did with the CDC to partner with us in different content or different assays, allows us now to start to write content onto those platforms as we begin to build out a larger strategy into diagnostics.
Quintin Lai  Robert W. Baird: All right, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank: Hi thanks and again congratulations. Can you talk about Asia-Pac? It seemed like growth there was really off the charts. You know, I want to see what some of the core elements of that were if we look at your results, it seems like you also indicated some of the forensics business were strong ex-US. I want to see if there is any sort of correlation there. And then in general, why you think that that growth was more indicative of some of the strength in the end markets or was it some synergy capture as well there from a revenue perspective. What is the sort of breakdown of the performance there?
Bernd Brust: Hi Ross, this is Bernd. You know I think it is a little bit of all of the above that you just mentioned. Certainly the end markets continue to see considerable strength in both the research as well as the applied markets. Synergies, the two teams are certainly starting to work closer together to drive portfolio synergies in that region, but if I look at Asia Pacific particularly the greater China market, the organic growth in all segments continues to be incredibly healthy.
Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank: Great. You know, Greg when you were going through some of your commentary, you threw out a word I hadnt heard you use much before and that was biofuels, it is sort of another part of the space from molecular biology perspective that hasn't been talked about a lot. Is there sort of a distinct strategy there, it is not a space that you sell much into either with the some of the venture backed companies or some of the larger players who were dealing there and some of the alternative energies.
Greg Lucier: You know, Ross, we are selling into the biofuels space now. As you say, primarily into these start-ups that have been funded as well as some work around the energy labs. As we look forward with the stimulus funding, considerable amount of money will go to the Department of Energy, specifically earmarked for biofuels research, and as we look at what needs to be done in that space, it is very reminiscent of real back into the core, core beginnings of the Invitrogen and in ABI. And so we have lot of the toolsets necessary to really create synthetic biology toolkits that we think is what is going to be needed here in biofuels, and our goal over the next 12 months is to finish off the other 30% and really create a kind of end-to-end piece of tools if you will for biofuels researchers around the world.
Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks Greg and one  a couple of quick cleanup things for David, just again what was the FX impact on the bottom line for the quarter, and how should we think about sort of the hedging going forward, is it sort of what we have seen throughout the year, has there been any sort of change to the strategy, is the sort of relative volatility we had seen more in the first half here more indicative of what we are likely to see going forward. And just also one cleanup on the royalty, you talked about with PCR for Q3, can you just give us again sort of what the full-year impact is that you have spoken to on that number relative to the 12 to 15 for Q3?
David Hoffmeister: Yes, okay, so one at a time. The currency impact in the second quarter was  on the bottom line was $0.14 EPS. The question in terms of, what do we expect in the second half in terms of volatility, yes, we're assuming that it is going to be equally volatile in the second half of the year. And then your final question on the revenue around the royalty impact, you know full year, we said it could drop $30 million and it would be back-end loaded with the impact particularly in Q3 of $12 million of $15 million drop in royalty income.
Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank: Okay, just  sorry to point on this on the currency, that just seems like in terms of margin points are a little higher on the EPS line than I would have thought for the quarter. How does that compare to sort of what we saw in Q1?
David Hoffmeister: It is pretty comparable but higher and it is simply due to the mix of currencies.
Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank: Okay.
David Hoffmeister: And again you know we tried to explain this before, you know, our big currencies are sterling, Canadian dollar, yen and euro, and it can swing $0.03 to $0.05 just based on that mix.
Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank: Okay great. Thank you, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Derik De Bruin with UBS. Please proceed.
Derik De Bruin  UBS: Hi, good afternoon.
Greg Lucier: Good afternoon.
Derik De Bruin  UBS: So, you had adjusted operating margin of 27.1% during the quarter. You know, I know you are not going to give an outlook for 2010 on this, but you basically beat my estimate by over 250 basis points, and I guess you know how sustainable is that number going forward as we kind of look at them? And the estimated royalties are going to come in that. I am just curious as to where given all the synergies that are going to be coming in, where that operating margin is going to cap?
Greg Lucier: I think it is reasonable to have it somewhere in the high 20s, but again we expect the operating margin to come down in the second half of the year, you know as we tried to lay out on the call.
Derik De Bruin  UBS: Right, obviously, but the royalties will have an impact on  I'm just trying to say if it is like the high 20s number is something you think for the overall business it is certainly a target longer-term going forward that is where I'm trying to get to?
Greg Lucier: Yes, I think it is a longer-term target, yes.
Derik De Bruin  UBS: Okay that is great, and I guess how many, just going back to the NIH question, I guess how many grants are you aware of that specifically specified SOLiD as part of the grant process?
Amanda Clardy: Mark, why dont you take that one?
Mark Stevenson: Oh, yes, it is Mark here. We don't have a specific number. We have a huge increase in the number of grant applications that we have been supporting and we are aware of. At this stage, a lot of people will put in for grants to get funded actually by project, and then both either specified or non-specified, we expect to then compete on SOLiD and other projects. A lot will be disease focused projects, where we will also compete with our consumables going through this as the labs get more funding.
Greg Lucier: We're pretty optimistic, you know, this market is really just getting going for us to get position ourselves as the money starts to flow at the end of this year, and beginning of next.
Derik De Bruin  UBS: I'm just wondering if like, are there grants out there that have 10, 15, 20 SOLiD specified in their grant applications?
Mark Stevenson: We don't have details on all of that. What we know is there are multiple units being put in similar to the customer we announced today that had 2 originally and had scaled up to 11 instruments. We will expect (inaudible) as same as customers get money, they will add SOLiD to scale up with more additional units to increase their throughput.
Derik De Bruin  UBS: Okay, and just one final question, I mean during the quarter there were some issues with manufacturing at Genzyme with respect to some contamination, and I guess  were you involved, were you potentially exposed to that or I guess does that have any impact on your business, and I guess just in terms of a broader perspective, it is like, my understanding is that certainly just given the nature of cell culture that those that have a contamination that is probably more common than people would imagine. I guess, can you talk a little bit just about the cell culture space, and specifically what you have seen in that, and if there anything to say about that particular issue at Genzyme?
Greg Lucier: Maybe I can grab that one Derik. As you know we never comment on who our customers are for cell culture by our production business. So I really can't comment to Genzyme specifically. But more broadly, these types of issues that Genzyme is facing are not in the ordinary, but not extraordinary either and it is just part of the process of biological manufacturing. The one highlight I would say that as situations like that took place at Genzyme happen, we created a whole new business around using PCR technology for rapid viral detection and it is enjoying great growth. So it is a nice compliment to our bioproduction space and further enhances the overall solution we can give to companies like Genzyme and others in that whole biological manufacturing area.
Derik De Bruin  UBS: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen. Please proceed.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions. Let me start with a couple of synergy-related items, does the acceleration in year one synergies that you have talked about in your prepared remarks at all impact your longer-term synergy targets, specifically I believe you year three target outlined a couple of quarters ago was for $150 million in cost synergies and $60 million in revenue synergies. And I guess the second question on synergies is in terms of your 2009 increase, is any of that driven by greater than expected sales synergies or market share capture?
Greg Lucier: Well, as I said in my comments, the overall synergies were now increasing in today's release is just for what we have achieved in 2009. And it is primarily a pull forward from 2010. The overall target for the integration remains the same for the project as we originally specified. In terms of your last part, in terms of where it is coming from, as I mentioned in an earlier question, it really has come from a whole variety of tasks that we had lined up for this integration, including greater commercial synergies in terms of pull through of products from the new channels or the various channels that we have to the customer.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen: Okay, and then let me turn to H1N1, was there any H1N1 contributions factored into your earlier guidance, and then are there specific instruments, which have exceeded your expectations in terms of the demand related to H1N1?
Greg Lucier: Yes, we urgently had minimal instruments in that guidance with certainly exceeded our expectations. Really the instruments that has been most adopted has been the 7500 Fast DX, which was the one that was cleared by the FDA for use with the CDC test. This is an instrument that is being developed now for the diagnostic use under (inaudible) and so it has been that instrument and we accelerated manufacturing in Singapore in order to bring forth the necessary shipments in a timely manner.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen: Okay, and then last area I wanted to touch on in terms of sequencing. In Q1 I believe you indicated that you  revenue recorded a decent number of SOLiDs in the quarter, maybe more than you had in the previous few quarters and that CE for research held up better than expected, especially at the higher end in part via the use of CE to validate next gen sequencing works. Can you talk about how these dynamics played out in the second quarter and then one last follow-up on that, could you also just talk about timelines for next gen sequencing pipelines relative to what you have outlined in the past, specifically SOLiD 4 and your initiatives in single molecule.
Greg Lucier: Yes, I will take the three parts of that questions. Firstly, the dynamics are pretty much the same. We continue to see you know, over time see research will decline, but in that segment we had diagnostic customers that are buying that platforms and using them in more validated settings. We also have recourse in that genetic systems. The update in the applied markets, which is forensic labs that we continue to talk about particularly in Asia this last quarter adopted more systems. In terms of the roadmap for SOLiD, we have a really robust roadmap and you know, as you saw as we published the first example of a whole genome with 17 X coverage with 50 gigabytes run with beta. We are really making tremendous progress on that. We will update the system later on during the summer to a version 3.5 for our customers that will be a minor update of software and consumables but really give them tremendous more performance on this roadmap, and then early next year we will upgrade our system and introduce version 4, which will really then take us ahead in terms of where we are, in terms of performance in the system, and really accentuate this end-to-end applications workflow for these throughput in applications. So we are really making tremendous progress on that. We also continue to invest in next-generation systems for single molecule. We really see that as a complimentary application. Will there room for our short rate systems and then also be in the market with a longer rate systems in a competitive timeframe as we come out with that product.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen: Okay, thanks a lot for taking the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Leerink Swann. Please proceed.
Isaac Ro  Leerink Swann: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Excuse me. First I was just looking at the sort of long-term R&D for new product development. Could you maybe give us a sense of how those efforts are being divided up between maybe the three business units these days; Mark, can talk a little bit about the generic systems and the next gen efforts. On sequencing I'm wondering, you know, how do you kind of gauge that verses your investments in the consumables like stem cells, maybe the (inaudible).
Mark Stevenson: You know, I can see we are very active in looking at the portfolio. I mean, our first priority and our largest investment is in sequencing and we certainly talk about investments there. We absolutely have a strong roadmap and Greg talked about some of the many new products we have introduced in real-time PCR. Within that molecular biology franchise we are really investing around our core qPCR, the reagents, the ambient brands, some of the transfection device that you saw. So we are really building out those everyday needs for the lab in that molecular biology section, and that takes nearly a third of our proportion of our investment that goes in R&D. And the third area is really investing around the cell, particularly as you say around stem cells. It continues to be active growth. You saw us launch a new website for that. There is new products and sell lines we have been introducing as well as investments around the cellular analysis space. We think in the same way we've been able to really automate and simplify the workflow around molecular biology and sequencing, we can also do around the cell analysis space. We are investing heavily against that and we see good opportunity to grow as ever more people go to single cell work or they go to look for analyzing within the cellular context.
Isaac Ro  Leerink Swann: Okay, great and then David, a question on the numbers here. I think you said $50 million of this years CapEx budget going into integration related activities, is it fair to say the majority of that $50 million would roll off in 2010?
David Hoffmeister: No.
Amanda Clardy: A portion will.
David Hoffmeister: A portion will, but I think that and we havent put together our detailed budget yet for 2010, but I think that our capital expenditures will still have a significant portion of integrated related investment  integration related investment in 2010.
Isaac Ro  Leerink Swann: Okay, great and then just you know, it's a follow-up on Derik's questions regarding long-term margin potential of the company. I'm just wondering, you know, can you maybe highlight a couple of areas where you see upside today versus you know, when the merger closed last year and then you know, how is that list sort of evolved if a couple of things moved here or you are seeing new opportunities?
Greg Lucier: You bet. In terms of where the upside is happening, first one I would tell you is we have been putting together a dynamite manufacturing strategy where we are taking the best practices from some of the key facilities that AB and Invitrogen had, bringing it together and then applying it across the entire operational network. That is giving us good improvement. As I mentioned before, we've also seen really accelerated improvement with price realization across the AB consumables portfolio and now moving into the AB instrument portfolio, and I think we had outlined that was going to be a key area of integration when we put the project together and it is certainly meeting or exceeding our expectations.
Isaac Ro  Leerink Swann: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Wood with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Jon Wood  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi, thank you. So David on the cash flow outlook it looks like you've done about 250 or so in operating cash the first half and then your net income  your guidance was about 250 and net income in the back half of the year. So it is basically about 150 million of I guess balance sheet changes and I noticed that DSO or the receivables ticked up. So is that the primary source of cash from the balance sheet to get you to the 650?
Amanda Clardy: Yes, so he is referring to the difference between the fixed fees [ph] without the integration related.
David Hoffmeister: Okay, yes, yes. So it is you know, we in this quarter we did see an increase in our accounts receivable. We do expect that we will be able to increase, we'll bring that down and we also expect some improvement in inventory. You know, offsetting that in terms of free cash flows we expect capital expenditures would be higher in the second half of the year.
Jon Wood  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then you referenced in the prepared comments $7 million of debt, you know, I guess accelerated debt amortization. That's not in the adjusted numbers or at the guidance.
David Hoffmeister: Yes, it is.
Jon Wood  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: It is, okay. Okay, and then also on the synergy you mentioned you exited 2Q on an $80 million run rate. So is it reasonable to assume there was about $20 million of synergies in the second quarter?
David Hoffmeister: No, what we meant by that $80 million is that we've taken actions through the second quarter that will generate $80 million in savings for the full year, and what we expect to do it will take further actions in the second half of the year that will generate another $15 million in synergies so that our total realized synergies for the year will be $95 million.
Jon Wood  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Understood. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marshall Urist with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Marshall Urist  Morgan Stanley: Yes. Hi guys. So a couple of questions on the geographic trends, I mean the US or the Americas and Europe both you know moved around sequentially, pretty meaningfully. Could you give us some idea of you know, what  were there particular end-markets that improved or sort of got worse and some of the one-time stuff in the quarter that might have caused those changes?
Bernd Brust: Hi, this is Bernd, you know if you look at the Americas and Europe, I mean fairly stable in what we are seeing there. The US is seeing more and more strength in academic. The research markets are healthy there at this point. We continue to see some challenges in the industrial markets, and farm and biotech, although I think they have started to stabilize a little bit as well and we are seeing good strength in Latin America if we look at our Americas region. In Europe, it's really the core countries in UK, Germany, and France that are holding their own fairly well. The UK particularly was very strong, but that region really has been in that level for sometime now and we stay pretty consistent in the market segments around the academic world over the last three or four years now.
Marshall Urist  Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks and then I appreciate the detail you guys gave on CE, but could you help us understand a little bit better. Is this through sort of installed base growth on the applied market side or are we are seeing kind of an upgrade cycle that people going to you know, to higher end or higher throughput instruments on the CE side and how that impacts your visibility in that business?
Mark Stevenson: You know, this is Mark here. It's really true installed base growth. So, you know, what we see for example in China is that you know, the forensic labs, while the primary labs may have been equipped. Now we are equipping the secondary and tertiary labs as they build out their forensic strategy. As you see in diagnostic labs, we see some content that goes into diagnostic companies that runs very well where you really want to sequence it on the CE platform. It's robust, it's proven. It's now, you know, we will have a CE IDT [ph] mark on it. So it is very much a validated solution. So this is new installed base that will also take new consumables. You know, on the downside what we see is the deinstallation goes on within the genome centers as they switch to next-generation sequencing, and that trend has been the offsetting trend we have seen in this business.
Marshall Urist  Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then last question, just you guys alluded to some of you know, increased spending on R&D and SG&A into the end of the quarter that will flow through next quarter. Can you help to just quantify that a little bit better in terms of you know, the magnitude there that we should be looking for.
Amanda Clardy: This is Amanda. So I'll give in terms of the numbers now, let Greg talk more about kind of what we are  where we are investing and it is not sizable. Otherwise, we are set up that up, and we are trying to get it across, and our expenses will go up sequentially, but clearly there is only so much you could start in one month. So it is not going to be significant but they will go up sequentially, and maybe Greg you can talk a little bit about more where we are investing for growth in the future.
Greg Lucier:
 :
Marshall Urist  Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg with Macquarie. Please proceed.
Jon Groberg  Macquarie: Yes, thanks for taking the call. I just had one question, I don't know if who wants to answer this, Greg, or if you want to have someone else, but I know this quarter one of the big issues are perhaps, you know, areas of caution was you are going to start moving towards on these more customer facing integration initiatives and it looks like you pulled that off fairly well, but maybe you can just talk about kind of you know, how that went, if there are some issues that either arise or that you are dealing with or just kind of maybe how that process is going. So I think that was, you know, a bit of a concern for investors still.
Bernd Brust:
 : It's where weve made some changes to the portfolio for selling teams and so there is some change in what the teams are carrying as you noted two separate selling teams were not consolidated. So Invitrogen sales force now continues to be focused on selling the biological products, best-in-class reagent offerings, and the applied biosystems team continues to focus on providing the customers within the greater workflow solutions. The big change that we've made in the second half now is that we have moved around 1400 or 1500 AB skews into the Invitrogen selling teams bags so that we have a much broader channel coverage to our customers for that portfolio. Those teams are now being trained and are actively selling those products in addition to the AB teams. The final change that we made effective July 1 was consolidation of some of our front-end systems. So we are now in a common CRM, and although there is some training involved in that that also has gone very, very smoothly and really so far from what we have seen there has been no issue in any of the changes that we have made that have negatively impacted our customers.
 : It's where weve made some changes to the portfolio for selling teams and so there is some change in what the teams are carrying as you noted two separate selling teams were not consolidated. So Invitrogen sales force now continues to be focused on selling the biological products, best-in-class reagent offerings, and the applied biosystems team continues to focus on providing the customers within the greater workflow solutions. The big change that we've made in the second half now is that we have moved around 1400 or 1500 AB skews into the Invitrogen selling teams bags so that we have a much broader channel coverage to our customers for that portfolio. Those teams are now being trained and are actively selling those products in addition to the AB teams. The final change that we made effective July 1 was consolidation of some of our front-end systems. So we are now in a common CRM, and although there is some training involved in that that also has gone very, very smoothly and really so far from what we have seen there has been no issue in any of the changes that we have made that have negatively impacted our customers.
Jon Groberg  Macquarie:
 :
Greg Lucier: At this point, we don't see any issues with the changes that we have made.
Jon Groberg  Macquarie: Okay, great. And then, David, it looks from  if I just look at your cash flow statements it looks like you probably  this $200 million that you paid you probably replaced with new debt, and I'm just curious what that  if that's right. What the terms of the new debt are in terms of what you are paying?
David Hoffmeister: No, we didnt. We repaid, we've taken on no new debt. We repaid the debt in the third quarter. So the cash flow statement you'd be looking at doesn't reflect a $200 million paid out.
Jon Groberg  Macquarie: It is just all out of your own cash.
David Hoffmeister: Yes.
Jon Groberg  Macquarie: Okay. Is there anything you can do given that this floor of kind of LIBOR at $300 and given where LIBOR is, is there anything that you can do to you know to potentially lower that payment?
David Hoffmeister: No, other than repay it there isnt  that is the floor.
Jon Groberg  Macquarie: So, it is not worth trying to get some  potentially the credit markets have eased a little bit in terms of trying to potentially, you know, alter that structure with some new debts.
David Hoffmeister: I mean it's the credit markets. We're constantly taking a look at what we could potentially do to lower the interest cost, but as of yet they haven't moved enough so that it you know makes sense.
Jon Groberg  Macquarie: Okay, and then last questions. We think about you know the H1N1 and the potential comp. Is  how  you know, what's kind of in the  what's your take on how prepared some of these public health centers are if we get another  if next year turns out to be worse than this year as many people potentially suggest that it could be. How prepared are they? Would it be a matter that the instruments are now there and it is just an issue of the reagents or would we need even more instrument if we look at next year?
Greg Lucier: Yes, it's hard to predict at this stage. So what we factored in is you know there is a good installed base out there and that we would expect an ongoing level of monitoring. That's really what we factored in at the moment to our estimates.
Jon Groberg  Macquarie: Okay. Thanks, Amanda.
Amanda Clardy: Louisa, I show that we are at the end of our hour. So unfortunately we will not be able to take anymore questions, however, as you know, you can always follow up with me afterwards if there are still additional callers in the queue. This will now conclude our second-quarter 2009 earnings conference call. This web cast will be available via replay on our website for three weeks, and thank you again for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This now concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth Apicerno  Vice President, Investor Relations Marijn E. Dekkers  President and Chief Executive Officer Peter M. Wilver  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Derik De Bruin  UBS Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank Sung Ji Nam  JPMorgan Quintin Lai  Robert W Baird & Co Anthony Butler  Barclays Capital Isaac Ro  Leerink Swann Jon Wood  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Peter Lawson  Thomas Weisel Partners Doug Schenkel  Cowen & Company
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth Apicerno: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call today, we have Marijn Dekkers, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Marc Casper, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; Pete Wilver, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please be aware that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website, thermofisher.com, until March 6, 2009. To reach the replay of the call on our website, click on Investors then Webcasts & Presentations. Please also be aware that a copy of the press release of our fourth quarter 2008 earnings and future expectations is available in the Investors section on our website, under the heading Financial Results. Let me now briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 27, 2008, under the caption risk factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change and, therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements is representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during this call, we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release of our fourth quarter 2008 earnings and future expectations. And also in the investor section of our website thermofisher.com, under the heading financial results.  With that I would now like to turn the call over to Marijn.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thanks Ken. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for a review of our 2008 results and our outlook for 2009. I dont have to tell you that the past year was indeed unprecedented in terms of the volatility in the global economy. With a fairly typical start and then as you know the world changed in September. In spite of the dramatic downturn, I am pleased to report that we delivered on our financial goals for the quarter and the year. Even coming in towards the high end of our adjusted EPS guidance for 2008. I can tell you how proud I am of the intensity demonstrated by our employees all over the world in achieving these results. This tremendous effort resulted in very solid Q4 performance and contributed to our strong results overall for 2008. On behalf of our entire team let me take a quick victory lap and get right through the financial highlights. First on the fourth quarter. Our revenues increased 1% for the fourth quarter record of $2.65 billion with 4% organic growth. Adjusted EPS rose 16% in the quarter, and we also reported significant adjusted operating margin expansion for the quarter with a 140 basis points of improvement over the previous year. We are very pleased with the top line growth we were able to achieve in Q4 coming in at the high end of our guidance. In spite of the pressures on capital spending in some end markets. We also leveraged our performance to generate excellent margin expansion and adjusted EPS growth. Now, as I've said on previous calls we run the company by focusing on four key financial metrics, and maintaining a balance between these four metrics. They are top line growth, operating margin, earnings per share, and free cash flow. And our strong finish in Q4 contributed to very solid results for the full year in each of these metrics. On the revenues, the revenues grew 8% to a record 10.5 billion. So, we have now passed the $10 billion mark, an incredible milestone for us. In addition, we estimated that organic growth would be in the mid-single digits for the year and indeed we came in right at 5%. We also expanded adjusted operating margin by a 100 basis points for the year. This led to a significant increase in our adjusted EPS with 19% growth. In addition, we strengthened our balance sheet and generated 1.2 billion of free cash flow in 2008. So, we had very solid performance for the year, even compared with our strong results in 2007 pecked when life seem to be so much easier. Let me now spend a few minutes talking about what we are seeing in our markets today. Overall the economic uncertainty is particularly affecting capital spending budget. This is where our product mix is a key advantage. Two-thirds of our revenues come from recurring sales of consumables and services, while only one-third comes from higher price capital items such as instruments and equipment. The good news with Thermo Fisher is that, as you all know consumables and services typically hold better in the tough economy than higher price capital budget items. Were very fortunate to have built the portfolio that is rich with consumables and services. And then we feel that as a result, our revenues will withstand the test of these tough economic times better than most other companies. And as a side comment, I quite honestly feel that in recent months, the stock market has not given Thermo Fisher much credit for our more resilient product mix. From an end market perspective, weve seen the following. Academic and government. Academic has been holding up quite well so far growing faster than the company average. While on the other hand, government growth has been slowing. The new federal stimulus package appears to be good news to us, but it's really a little too early to speculate about the direct impact of that on our business. Then on large pharma, we all know about the pressures on large pharma and their conservatism in spending has accelerated in the past few months. Many large pharma companies have announced additional cuts in their workforces and are tightening R&D spending and there is now also some consolidation going on. In spite of this, our revenues to large pharma in the fourth quarter are still growing faster than our company average. Our intense focus on meeting their needs in todays environment is clearly paying off. We believe we can deliver to these customers tremendous efficiency and productivity and the number show that they are becoming more and more receptive to our value proposition. Just as a side note, large pharma represent less than 10% of our revenues. So, our exposure to any one customer is relatively limited. Now, as far as CROs are concerned, they obviously are highly dependent on overall pharma spending and we have seen their orders particularly on the capital side weaken in the past months. In biotech, we are seeing a little bit of a mix picture, with large biotech continue to do very well, but biotech startup is becoming somewhat more conservative in their spending. On the healthcare side, where we are mostly in diagnostic testing, this market reportedly had been getting weaker. We are not really seeing it on the consumable side, where we are heavily weighted, but we see some of it in a slower demand for instrument. And then the industrial market this is really clearly the most problematic area at the moment. This is also the end market where we selling the highest proportion of capital budget items, particularly process instruments. Orders are extremely soft here pretty much across the board with the exception of food and beverage markets, which continue to do quite well. So, wrapping up the comments on these markets and preparing for the 2009 guidance, the key takeaway here is that obviously 2009 will be challenging. However, even though some of our end markets are clearly under pressure, we feel that as a company we are extremely well positioned to weather this economic storm for really three key reasons. First, we have a tremendously strong technology portfolio and as a result have the industry leading product and services offering. Second, the affected two-thirds of our revenue falls in the recurring revenue basket of consumables and services. And then third, the affected two-thirds of our customers are in the life sciences and healthcare industries, which are less cyclical in this kind of an environment, compared to the overall economy. For guidance, shifting through financial guidance here for 2009, as I stated at the beginning of my comments, these are unprecedented times and nobody knows exactly how the year will play out. Having said that, our estimates are based on what we know today and that includes a couple of key assumptions. With the ongoing economic uncertainty, capital budgets in some end markets primarily industrial will remain very tight especially through the first half of the year. And we also assume that foreign exchange rates will stay at today's level. So, that said we expect to achieve revenues of $10.0 billion to $10.3 billion in 2009, which would be a 2% to 5% decline from 2008 and takes into account the significant headwinds from FX. This performance would lead to an organic growth roughly in the range of about -2% to +2%. At this point, we are assuming that organic growth will be approximately flat and thus reflected in the midpoint of our guidance. If the economy gets stronger in the second half, we would expect to come in at the higher end of the range with low single-digit organic growth, if it gets worse we would expect to be in the negative low single-digit. We expect our adjusted EPS to be in the range of $3.00 to $3.30 for 2009 including the effect of the $0.03 accounting change for convertible debt. This would lead to a growth range of minus 4% to +5% over 2008, on an apples-to-apples basis. I would like to note here that we are assuming about $0.15 of adjusted EPS roughly 5% headwind in 2009 from unfavorable FX. So, without the FX headwind, we would be looking at positive adjusted EPS growth of between +1% and +10% for 2009. Now, on an ongoing basis, we continue to carefully monitor the market dynamics and how our businesses are being affected. We have plans in place that will allow us to respond depending on how the year unfolds. If the economy gets worse, we will implement our plans to further reduce cost, if it gets better, we may actually ramp up some investments. Either way the actions we will take will support our growth in the long-term something thats very important to us and position us to emerge from this period, an even stronger industry leader. Now, I would like to turn the call to our CFO, Pete Wilver for a more in-depth financial update. Pete?
Peter M. Wilver: Thanks Marijn. Good morning everyone. As Marijn said we had a strong quarter in Q4, the 16% growth in our adjusted earnings per share to $0.88 compared with $0.76 last year. Full year adjusted EPS was $3.16, up 19% versus $2.65 last year and up a $0.01 from the high end of the original guidance of $3.05 to $3.15 that we gave at the beginning of 2008. A very good result given all the turmoil, we saw in the world economy towards the latter part of the year. GAAP earnings per share in Q4 were $0.68 up from $0.54 in the prior year's quarter primarily as a result of our improved operating performance. Our press release contains a detailed reconciliation between GAAP and adjusted EPS. Revenues in Q4 increased 1% year-over-year to $2.65 billion. Organic revenue growth in the quarter was 4% excluding unfavorable foreign currency translation of negative 4% and acquisitions net of divestitures of positive 1%. Organic growth in the quarter was favorably impacted by two days as a result of our fiscal calendar. Full year revenues were $10.50 billion for 8% growth over our 2007 revenues at $9.75 billion. Organic revenue growth for the full year was a solid 5% after excluding 1% favorable foreign currency translation and acquisitions net of divestitures of 2%. For the full year, we had one more day than in 2007 as a result of the leap year. Bookings were below revenues in the quarter by about 2% and were flat with revenues for the full year. In the Analytical Technologies segment Q4 revenue declined 1% on a reported basis and grew 3% organically. In the quarter, we saw softer demand from industrial markets than in previous quarters. New products continue to be a growth driver specifically in our scientific instruments and life science research product lines. For the full year, Analytical Technologies grew 7% on a reported basis and 4% organically. In the Laboratory Products and Services segment, Q4 revenues increased 3% on a reported basis and 5% organically. During the quarter, we saw a strong growth in our research catalog, laboratory workstations, and biopharma logistics services businesses. For the full year, revenues in Laboratory Products and Services grew 9% on a reported basis and 6% organically. By geography, we saw a growth in all our regions except the rest of the world, which contracted in the low single digits. North America and Europe rebounded slightly from Q3 to grow at around the company average for the quarter. Asia growth slowed from previous quarters to slightly below the company average, but China growth remained strong offset by a decline in Japan. For the full year, North America and Europe grew below the company average, Asia-Pacific grew in the mid teens, and the rest of the world in the low 20s. Q4 adjusted operating income increased 9% year-over-year to 492 million. Adjusted operating margin was 18.6%, up a 140 basis points from 17.2% in the year ago quarter. The strong margin expansion was driven by pull through on our incremental organic revenues, including the favorable impact of our annual and mid-year pricing actions along with strict cost control and strong contribution from our global sourcing efforts. For the full year, adjusted operating margin expanded a 100 basis points to 17.8% as compared to 16.8% in the prior year. Analytical Technologies Q4 adjusted operating income increased by 6% year-over-year and adjusted operating margin was 22.4% up a 150 basis points versus 20.9% last year, primarily as a result of increased prices and substantial productivity improvements including global sourcing actions. For the full year, Analytical Technologies adjusted operating margin expanded a 170 basis points to 21.4%. Laboratory Products and Services Q4 adjusted operating income increased by 12% and adjusted operating margin was 14.7% up a 110 basis points versus 13.6% in the 2007 quarter. In Q4, our mid-year pricing actions almost fully offset inflation and we saw solid gains from our incremental productivity and cost actions. For the full year, Laboratory Products and Services adjusted operating margin expanded 40 basis points to 14.1%. Total company adjusted gross margin was 41.5% in Q4 up 60 basis points from 40.9% in the year ago quarter, primarily as a result of volume leverage including increased prices and the impact of our sourcing and productivity initiatives. Inflationary pressure on our raw material cost continued in Q4 at about the same rate as Q3, although we did see lower inflation in raw resin. Also the rate of increase in our fuel and freight cost eased significantly during the quarter. For the full year, adjusted gross margin was 41.3% up 50 basis points from 40.8% in the prior year. Adjusted SG&A was 20.6% of revenue in Q4 down 70 basis points from 21.3% in the year ago quarter primarily as a result of volume leverage and cost controls partially offset by higher stock compensation expense. For the full year adjusted SG&A percent of revenue improved 40 basis points to 21.1%. R&D expense was 2.3% of revenue in Q4 flat with last year. For the full year R&D expense was also flat at 2.4%. Moving to below the line items. Q4 adjusted net interest expense improved 6 million year-over-year to $17 million primarily as a result of a reduction in our net debt. This was partially offset by a much less favorable interest rate environment. Other income was down $2 million from the prior year, which resulted primarily from a $1 million write-down of our investments and currency translation losses on foreign entity cash. Our adjusted tax rate for the full year was 23%, down slightly from our 23.3% full year estimate at the end of Q3, which resulted in a comparatively lower Q4 adjusted tax rate of 20.9%. The 2008 Q4 rate is down over 1.6% from the prior year primarily as a result of the tax planning that we implemented during the second half of 2007 and throughout 2008. The decrease of 0.3% from our previous full year forecast was driven primarily by an increase in our ability to utilize foreign tax credits and a shift in our international income to lower tax rate jurisdictions. Average diluted shares were $427 million for the quarter, down $14 million from $441 million last year. The lower share count reflects the benefit of our share buyback programs in 2007 and 2008 as well as lower convertible dilution resulting from the lower stock price. During the quarter, we spent $85 million to buyback $2.5 million shares, leaving $415 million remaining under our current $500 million authorization. For the full year, average diluted shares were $435 million, down $9 million from $444 million in 2007. In terms of the balance sheet, full year cash flow from operations from continuing operations was $1.42 billion, and after deducting net capital expenditures of $249 million, free cash flow from continuing operations was $1.17 billion. In the quarter, we spent $36 million on facility purchases as part of our footprint optimization efforts. We ended the year with $1.29 billion in cash and investments up 38 million from Q3 as our free cash flow was partially offset by cash used for acquisitions, debt repayments, and share repurchases. Our total debt was $2.06 billion, down a 124 million from Q3 primarily due to repayment of our 7 5/8 senior notes, which we do on October 30. Also Standard & Poor's announced on January 29, that it had raised its corporate credit and senior unsecured debt ratings on Thermo Fisher to A- from BBB+, with a positive outlook. This is a notable confirmation of our strong balance sheet and liquidity position, in spite of the very uncertain economic environment. So, overall we are very comfortable with our liquidity position and ability to meet our financing needs for the foreseeable future. Moving on to working capital, we had good performance in the quarter. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding was 50 days down four days from Q3 and flat with the prior year and inventory days of supply was 68 days down six days from Q3 and also flat with prior year. So, finally moving on to our future guidance. As Marijn said, we expect a difficult economic climate in 2009 for the capital equipment portion of our revenue, especially during the first half of the year, due to constrained capital budgets. However, our consumables and service businesses, which represent about two-thirds of our revenue should fair better in this environment as they are tied to activity rather than investment decisions. As a result, we are initiating a 2009 revenue guidance range of $10.0 to $10.3 billion, which represents a 2% to 5% decline, as compared to our 2008 reported revenues of $10.5 billion. This guidance assumes about 0.5% growth from past acquisitions and divestitures and no future acquisitions or divestitures. It also assumes present foreign currency exchange rates, which would negatively impact our revenue growth by about 4%. As you are probably aware foreign currency exchange rates have been extremely volatile in past few months and consistent with past practice we havent attempted to forecast what will happen in the future. In terms of adjusted earnings per share, we are initiating a 2009 guidance range of $3 to $3.30, which factors in a negative $0.15 per share or 5% impact from unfavorable foreign currency translation and a $0.03 reduction to reflect the impact of the new convertible debt accounting rule that will take effect in the first quarter. This guidance represents the growth range of negative 4% to positive 5% as compared to 2008 after applying a $0.03 reduction to 2008 for the new convertible debt accounting rule. And after adjusting for the 5% FX headwind on earnings, we are guiding to growth of positive 1% to positive 10%. Our adjusted EPS guidance assumes that we will complete the remaining $415 million of our current share buyback authorization during 2009 and that our tax rate will be in the range of 23% it does not include any other significant assumptions with regard to future acquisitions, share buybacks or other uses of capital. In response to our revenue outlook we implemented strict discretionary cost controls and some selective reductions in force in the fourth quarter, which enabled us to deliver strong financial results in year-over-year margin expansion in the quarter. We are planning to implement additional cost actions in 2009 where necessary to align our cost structure to a lower revenue base. These actions are included in our current guidance. We have also developed additional contingency actions that we will implement if required as we continue to monitor our revenue outlook in the coming months. That being said well generally take a longer-term view and avoid taking actions that we believe will damage the companys future growth prospects. With that Ill turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Kenneth Apicerno: So, operator well take questions now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Derik De Bruin with UBS. Go ahead please.
Derik De Bruin  UBS:  Thank you. So, a couple of questions. When you kind of look at the organic revenue growth expectations that you got for like the consumable businesses, the instrument businesses, I mean if we, roughly 70% of your business being consumables, Fisher historically grew between 4 and 6% I would assume that your expectations for the consumable businesses is probably at the 4% range for this year?
Marijn E. Dekkers: 
 :
Derik De Bruin  UBS: And then I guess for along the same lines, for the stuff that's really kind of like heavy industrial equipment and the ones that are going into, much more economically exposed customers like, are you thinking down 5%, down 10% range?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yeah. I think so again, the difference between the economic environment today and the economic environment in '01, '02, '03 is that we now also have just much less credit available, the overall banking crisis, we didn't have at that time, it was just a good healthy economic recession. And so, I think things are a little bit more severe then they were back then.
Derik De Bruin  UBS: Okay. And then just one final question. So, I guess what's your assumptions for operating margins when you kind of look at 2009, are you thinking margin in flattish basically, is that's kind of what's implied in the guidance range?
Marijn E. Dekkers: No, I mean, I think we still hope and we would be hitting the mid-point of our guidance say 0% organic growth, we still hope to be able to deliver some EBITDA margin expansion on that. And that's reflected in the guidance and translation to the EPS mid-point.
Derik De Bruin  UBS: Okay. So, then the lower range on the EPS is more to do with the potential volume pull through from the organic revenue growth being down or is it below the line?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yeah, exactly. So, I mean, basically say $3 to $3.30 and you can roughly put a bracket on that, of -2% to +2% organic growth.
Derik De Bruin  UBS: Okay. Thanks a lot. I'll get in the queue.
Marijn E. Dekkers:  Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank. Go ahead please.
Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank: Good morning. So, as you sort of look across your end markets, I mean it's definitely a more interesting time than we have seen in quite a long while, is there any sort of specific areas that you are closely monitoring, I mean obviously industrials, I think is well understood to be soft. Aside from that in the traditional life science markets where there is potential for either a significant delta versus where we are today, is there any sort of specific one that you are most concerned about or monitoring most closely, or do you think across sort of mostly life science markets its still relatively kind of somewhat predictable comparative to what we are seeing on the industrial side?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Well, I think that, good morning. I think that we've seen a really rough few months obviously with a lot of people being very, very, very nervous and with no questionable access to capital. And of course everybody slams on the break particularly from a capital budget point of view. Anybody who can postpone buying inexpensive instruments whether its in a hospital or in large pharma or anybody who has the stock price that came down 40% on average is going to be careful in how they are going to spend money particularly if the bankers tell them that they can't borrow anything. So, thats what we have gone through, and I think actually that part of it is already getting a little bit better, money seems to start flowing a little bit easier again and that doesnt mean people are going to throw caution in the wind, but I do expect that to get better, in the end, you think about hospitals for instance. People are going to get sick, hospitals curtailing their spending on capital equipment is five maybe for a few months, but thats not a long-term option. And therefore, I think that that overtime it will get better, and were hoping in the second half of the year the capital budget constraints will become less severe. I think the, a few things that I really can't explain is why CROs are so weak, because I think in the end pharma is not that cyclical from an economy and therefore CRO shouldnt be that cyclical from an economy point of view. So, I think there is some artificiality in the weakness of CROs right now, that I think will turn around relatively quickly, because in the end CROs are a great way to drive productivity for large pharmas. So, I think that market will recover very soon.
Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And as we think about the strategy of when you put these two businesses together in terms of Thermo and Fisher clearly, I talk about the one stop shop and the ability to capitalize longer-term on a consolidation of suppliers amongst your customer base. As they move this sort of more sophisticated [blotting] pads to what degree do you think kind of the economic strains that were seeing right now could almost perversely sort of benefit you in that, people look down their supplier list and say maybe we dont need to be purchasing from 20 separate entities and specially with EPS under pressure across the board, every basis point of savings counts to what degree do you to think actually this sort of helps, kind of push your cost that I know has been kind of a top line synergy that's been talked about for sometime since the deal was accommodated?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yeah. So, I think it's a very good point that you are making, I mean we have been able to drive these synergies obviously otherwise, we wouldnt be doing so well with large pharma in this environment. So, it has been working, but I think this just puts more fuel on the fire again in terms of big pharmas willingness to change the way they are doing business. And that is a very, very big struggle for a lot of CEOs who are running big pharma companies. Actually, I am the CEO myself it is a lot easier in this environment to drive change in a company than when everything is going nice and dandy. Because all you have to say is well the alternative is that, we may have to cut cost by laying off some people and very quickly people volunteer to reduce expenses or try to drive cost efficiency because the alternative is much less desirable through the whole organization and I think the same is going on in big pharma right now. If there is a choice between doing another 500 people layoff at big pharma or consolidating that by [bet] purchases with Thermo Fisher. I think it's a pretty simple equation.
Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank: Great. I appreciate the color Marijn. Thank you again.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Go ahead please.
Sung Ji Nam  JPMorgan: Hi. This is Sung Ji sitting in for Tycho. Thanks for taking the questions. Kind of in terms of your cost structure for 2009, you talked about adjusting it is necessary, could you give us more color as to what some of the specific levers are and particularly how that could impact R&D spending?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yeah. We really dont think it will affect R&D spending. I mean as both Pete and I said we are very focused on the long-term, R&D we dont see as a discretionary expense, but as a very key component of our technology leadership. We are always cautious and very prudent with how much we spend and spending it on the right project, and we have a very disciplined mechanism for that in the company. But this is just not an area where we would go. There are still a lot of discretionary that's, in every company lot of discretionary spending going on, where at some point you can say well if the customer base is not going to be spending as much do we really now have to spend ourselves all this money, and some areas that qualify for that are exercising the aggressiveness with which you implement IT improvements, very important to have good IT systems to drive an efficient business model, but its also very expensive, we have been investing a lot in the area, we continue to grow our budget in that area, but the pace at which you do that is discretionary. So, depending on how the year unfolds, those would be areas where you'd say, maybe we will delay certain projects for half the year to make sure that the economy is on more solid footing, before we spend this extra money.
Sung Ji Nam  JPMorgan: Okay, great. And as for your, would you provide more color on your FX hedging strategies, and if there is any strategies that could potentially offset some of the headwinds this year on both the top and the bottom lines?
Peter M. Wilver: Yeah. In general, in the past we haven't hedged our foreign exchange exposure and we are not assuming that we are going to do that in 2009 either we. Basically, our foreign exchange gains and losses on the top line fall through to the bottom line and about the average, which means we are basically naturally hedged in terms of our cost structure. We could put, put hedges in place, but in the end that's a bet that the FX rates are going to go down or up. So, we are basically allowing it to flow through as it happens, its the hedging is really just the short-term strategy.
Sung Ji Nam  JPMorgan: Great. Thank you.
Marijn E. Dekkers:  You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Quintin Lai with Baird. Go ahead please.
Quintin Lai  Robert W Baird & Co: Hi, good morning.
Marijn E. Dekkers:  Good morning, Quintin.
Quintin Lai  Robert W Baird & Co: Just first looking at your guidance, and in particular are you making any assumptions for the stimulus package in the potential passage and if not what's your view on any potential '09 impact, if passed?
Marijn E. Dekkers:  Well as I said in my comments it's very hard to know exactly what's going to happen. First of all, the decisions havent been made, but I do believe that we have not included this in our guidance, it would help us to get to the higher ends of our guidance obviously when this would really roll through. But anytime, anybody makes money available for new laboratories to be built is a very good thing for us and that when we are able to get in on the bottom floor like that, from all the way from the side of laboratory we usually walk away with a lot of the money thats available. So its positive, but it's hard to quantify.
Quintin Lai  Robert W Baird & Co:  Thank you for that. And then with respect to kind of the overall market, the sector for you. With the speed at which, the end markets are changing and that volatility there. Whats your view on you and your competitors going forward, do you think that people, companies will kind of stick to their netting or do you think that there is still opportunity for sector consolidation from the suppliers?
Marijn E. Dekkers:  Well Quintin, when I joined this industry nine years ago, I was amazed by how fragmented it is and I still in, in spite of some of the consolidations that have been happening that weve been driving and some other companies have been driving its still a very fragmented industry. And it goes back a lot to how the industry develops, a lot of the inventions are being done at universities, small companies generate from these universities. If the companies keep going, but in a more global environment and a more economically tough environment, I think the customers willingness to just by, from all of these different suppliers the new is gadget is diminishing. And so the customer is moving towards more consolidation in the purchasing and as a result the industry has to move along with it, but this industry with a few exceptions including ourselves has not been very proactive driving it. And, but its just a matter of time.
Quintin Lai  Robert W Baird & Co: So, do you think that, but I guess my question more is that with the end markets being as so uncertain as they are, do you think that that kind of puts a damper on consolidation in the near term or do you think that that really doesn't matter and people can kind of see to that for future deals?
Marijn E. Dekkers: No, I think that, it depends on the motivation of the different companies, whether or not they, they would be sellers right now. And some people will say well, at this low of stock price why would I sell, some others could say well this is just as good a time as any other to become part of the stronger combined entity and thats a better option for our shareholders. So, it's hard to generalize you get different reactions from different people.
Quintin Lai  Robert W Baird & Co:  Thank you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tony Butler with Barclays Capital. Go ahead please.
Anthony Butler  Barclays Capital: Thanks very much. Good morning. Could you rank order for us given statements around completing the buyback, but rank order for us for cash uses in 2009. And second to that Pete do you have to pay down any of your existing debt in 2009 or would that be an option you would choose to do. And then finally is your CapEx for 09 going to change materially from that of 08? Thanks.
Marijn E. Dekkers: I will take the first question.
Peter M. Wilver: Yeah, go ahead.
Marijn E. Dekkers: So, in terms of priority for the cash on the balance sheet I mean, Tony we have always I think been driving a prudent balance between doing smart acquisitions and using the cash for that and buybacks over the years and that's what we will continue to do. So, the good news is we have very, very strong cash flow, large cash flow given the size of our industry. And therefore, we think we will come out again with a balance of spending some of the money on acquisitions and some of it on buybacks.
Peter M. Wilver: So, in terms of the, your other questions, we dont have any debt pay downs required so nothing is coming due in 2009. And as far as whether I would choose it, I would just, I would have to say right now no, just because of, the uncertainty in the debt markets. I would have to see that, that loosening up a little bit before we would potentially choose to do something like that and we would have to be in that present value positive equation for us to do it. And then in terms of CapEx, it's about the same in 2009 as 2008 around $250 million.
Anthony Butler  Barclays Capital: Thanks a lot.
Peter M. Wilver: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Isaac Ro with Leerink Swann. Go ahead please. 
Isaac Ro : Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. First off is sort of a big picture question on NIH funding. Just, hearing a wide range of scenarios as to what the budget increase might look like, they will sound pretty good and I am wondering if you guys have an opinion as to what you think budget increase might look like based on what you've heard and then, secondly when you look at that number, how do you think about the contribution of those dollars to products and services such as those that you sell versus maybe things that are more infrastructure related by jobs in the lab proposed or some things of that sort. I kind of wondered if you think it maybe $0.60 on the dollar from NIH might go directly into products or if you had an opinion there?
 Leerink Swann: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. First off is sort of a big picture question on NIH funding. Just, hearing a wide range of scenarios as to what the budget increase might look like, they will sound pretty good and I am wondering if you guys have an opinion as to what you think budget increase might look like based on what you've heard and then, secondly when you look at that number, how do you think about the contribution of those dollars to products and services such as those that you sell versus maybe things that are more infrastructure related by jobs in the lab proposed or some things of that sort. I kind of wondered if you think it maybe $0.60 on the dollar from NIH might go directly into products or if you had an opinion there?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yeah. Well we like it both, more jobs in the end is more consumables for us as well. So, when people build infrastructure, yes they need equipment and instruments, and goods and centrifuges, but if then they dont have enough money, if you put a lot of people with white coats in the labs and they won't consume. So, we really actually don't care whether it's jobs or infrastructure because we will benefit both ways. So, that's, that's one comment, I think, NIH has been very, very flat since 2003 after wonderful ramp up in the Clinton administration. And I think it's good to see its basically going back up, but if nothing else to, do some of the nut keeping up with inflation that we have seen on the NIH budget. And, but on the other hand we have some excellent years of growth with a flat NIH budget. Okay, so as a company it's not like we are super dependent on NIH being flat or going up, but we have such a diverse customer base that higher NIH is good it will offset some of the issues that philanthropic donations will be having right now, which often offset some of the flatness in NIH in the past. Philanthropy, will probably be going down, but it will be probably offset by higher NIH budget, net that's probably a positive for us in terms of spending available, but we shouldn't over interpret these things.
Isaac Ro : Right. Okay. And then secondly, just kind of interested on your comments relative to the CROs, are those based on what you're seeing here, right here at your labs or maybe among your pharma customer conversations or did both?
 Leerink Swann: Right. Okay. And then secondly, just kind of interested on your comments relative to the CROs, are those based on what you're seeing here, right here at your labs or maybe among your pharma customer conversations or did both?
Marijn E. Dekkers:  Yeah, I have always believed that CROs is a great way for pharma to drive efficiency, by basically eliminating their own capability in certain areas and leaving it to a more professional organization to do relatively routine work, at a lower cost and more efficiency, and thats not going away. If pharma is really looking for efficiency, theyre going to need the CROs to help them drive that. So, this pullback in CRO activity is, I think going to be temporary. And what is that based on, really just common sense and of course my interactions with the industry.
Isaac Ro  Leerink Swann:  Right. And then lastly you saw on your consumable side for lab products and services. Do you think you did some market share in the fourth quarter and does your business plan call for any share gains in 2009?
Marijn E. Dekkers:  No, we always try to take market share of course. One of the things that has happened in that part of the industry is that weve seen some very good price increases, over the past half year. So, that was a mid year, mid-year, August price increase as a results of the much lower or much higher input costs for raw materials than there was the regular annual price increase. So, the consumables have been helped with, the revenue numbers have been helped somewhat with price increases over the last six months.
Isaac Ro  Leerink Swann:  Thanks very much.
Marijn E. Dekkers:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Jon Wood with Banc of America/Merrill Lynch. Go ahead please.
Jon Wood  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Thanks. Pete, can you give some parameters around operating cash flow in 09?
Peter M. Wilver:  Jon, you would have disappointed me if you didn't ask question.
Jon Wood - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:  Can you expand it, it doesnt count?
Peter M. Wilver:  Yeah, I think were looking at a flat cash flow year-over-year, so about 1.2 billion, just the two big pluses and minus are, obviously in this environment we are going to be doing a little bit more spending on restructuring actions, and so some incremental cash expended there, and then a little bit better performance on the working capital side to offset that netting out to about flat.
Jon Wood - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. I know you guys dont typically do this, but can you just give us some parameters around the first quarter given all of the uncertainty out there I mean just basically would you expect EPS to be down in the first quarter year-over-year?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Well, you are right we typically dont do this. I think the one thing I would say is that Q1 is probably going to be the toughest quarter of the year. Okay, I mean thats not a big surprise and first of all because the comparisons are still relatively hard because, a year ago we weren't looking at this situation, and secondly I think we are right now right smack in the middle of the result of what we have seen in the last five months. This is a super conservative time for everybody, the beginning of the year, nobody knows what it will look like, and people are cautious, we are cautious ourselves in how we spend our money. So, when there is more visibility, and as I said also I mean the availability of capital loosening up I think that will make people feel better gradually throughout the year. And that will fuel some more confidence and then I think more activity in the economy.
Peter M. Wilver: Just in terms of our fiscal calendar as well we lose a day in Q1, a day in Q2 and then we make a backup in Q4. So, a net negative one day for the full year, so the first half is getting impacted by negative two days year-over-year.
Jon Wood - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, and just.
Marijn E. Dekkers: But, I think Jon the important takeaway here is that, I know you are interested in Q1, but we give guidance for the full year and we are very comfortable with the range that we have given for the full year and that's really what I think people should be focused on.
Jon Wood - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:  Sure. And just a last point Pete in your estimation what type of financing spreads can Thermo access right now in the current environment. I mean do you expect you will get any benefit from the A rating there or are spreads still unreasonable?
Peter M. Wilver:  Well, I would not really want to be borrowing money right now I mean the numbers have just been popping all over place they change week-to-week by close to a 100 basis points some weeks. So, I certainly think the A- rating will help us, Moody's still sitting at Baa2 with us and, hopefully they reevaluate that position and get more with the fact with Fitch is at BBB+ right now. So, I think its certainly a positive and we will have to see it really comes down to when we go to borrow money what the spread it going to be but, it's ranged anywhere from 500 basis points up to the mid sixes in the last couple of months depending on the day.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Okay.
Peter M. Wilver: We lose the call.
Marijn E. Dekkers:  Hello. Operator, next question.
Operator:  Thank you.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Okay.
Peter M. Wilver: Okay.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Lawson with Thomas Weisel. Go ahead please.
Peter Lawson  Thomas Weisel Partners: Peter, I wonder if you could give some breakout of how much it improves, what contributed to the 140 basis points improvement?
Peter M. Wilver: Yeah. In terms of the 140 basis point improvement basically there is a couple of key drivers to that one is obviously pricing, and the pull through on that, we do our annual price role at the beginning of the year and then the mid-year pricing actions, the ones that really took hold in August and October kicked in Q4. As I mentioned we also had pretty strict cost controls in Q4 just because we were expecting a little bit softer revenue outlook so we've really clamped down on discretionary spending in Q4. And then we really ramped up on our global sourcing actions to try to offset some of the direct material inflation. So, those are really the three key drivers obviously we every quarter were doing practical process improvements and other productivity actions, but those are really the three that were the difference.
Peter Lawson  Thomas Weisel Partners:  And what was the growth you saw of Asia and are you still investing in Asia?
Peter M. Wilver:  Yeah. Were certainly still investing in Asia in terms of organic revenue growth that was slightly below the company average in the quarter and then the mid teens for the full year.
Peter Lawson  Thomas Weisel Partners:  And then I was just wondering if you could talk to some of the other levels you see for cost cutting in 2009 are there any salary freezers in place or higher increases in place at the moment?
Marijn E. Dekkers:  No, no salary freezes, but were cautious backfilling positions that come open, at the moment. I mean not, cautious means we dont just blankly replace every opening instantaneously with another person rather hire from the outside. So, we are careful, but we are not going crazy here in terms of staff reductions, we dont feel at this point that we have to. And the people who work here are here for a reason, which is contributing to the future prosperity of the company. So, weve always run a relatively tight shift and we try to maintain as much continuity as we possibly can. We are fortunate given the mix of our products and the end markets we serve that we can take that approach in contrary to obviously some other companies at the moment outside of our space.
Peter Lawson  Thomas Weisel Partners:  Okay. Thank you so much.
Marijn E. Dekkers:  Operator, were going to take just one more.
Operator:  Thank you. Our final question is from Doug Schenkel with Cowen & Company. Go ahead please.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen & Company:  Hi good morning and thanks for taking the questions.
Marijn E. Dekkers:  Good morning.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company:  Clearly, its an incredibly difficult environment and despite that you've generated 4% organic growth in the quarter I think that was even a little bit better than what you did in Q3 arguably against the tougher comp. This is despite the fact that as you acknowledge Q4 sales to industrials were already under pressure. Its sounds like you're picking up share in pharma, I dont want to sound it all nave to whats going on in the broader environment, but Im curious given how well you did in Q4, whether there was something very specific that you saw deteriorate right at the end of the quarter or may be in early January that gave you increased reason for pass heading into the year?
Marijn E. Dekkers: No, I think its a good question. No, its not just revenue its also orders, we saw probably 1.5% to 2% difference in terms of our order organic growth versus revenue. So, the backlog came down by a few percent. And we also have, I don't want to overplay it, but we had two extra days in the quarter, compared to the 2007 fourth quarter, which probably at 1.5% or so. Now, you never know because people have a budget they are going to spend it anyway whether they have two more or two less days. So, its we shouldn't overanalyze this, but I think the 4% was very good, but I wouldnt go in and say, yeah we are going to do 4% for 2009 I think we have enough reason to believe right now starting the New Year that that things are tougher than 4% organic growth for us, particularly, in the beginning of the year.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Okay, that's helpful. And then instrument sales for regulated proposes, have they hold up a little bit better than placements for non-regulated proposes and has this provided some cushion in certain end markets specifically industrial, chemical where things are clearly better or weak?
Marijn E. Dekkers:  Yeah. I mean that's the beauty of pine of our customer base, it's a regulated customer base quality control, food. Food quality is doing very well particularly in China, as you know, where a lot of infrastructure is being put in place in laboratories to do better monitoring of the quality of food products that are being exported. And just in general anything that's related to environmental tends to hold up quite well, safety precaution tends to hold up well. Even if it's an industrial environment, because people cannot cut quarters on environmental and safety concerns.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen & Company: And any chance you would be willing to share what percentage of instruments sold to the industrial chemical end market are for safety purposes or regulated purposes?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Well, we don't even know.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen & Company: Okay.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Quite honestly. We have so many customers, and we don't keep particular track of that.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen & Company: Okay. And last question, I apologies if I missed that I think you guys typically do get an annual 1% to 2% price increase, that you implement in early January. If I am correct, any challenges with that given the environment?
Marijn E. Dekkers: No, we've implemented it.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen & Company: Okay.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Again, on the consumable side usually these things are very much part of regular life and people understands why this needs to be done, just to keep up with inflation. On the larger ticket items, we have a list price, but there is often, a negotiation there, anyway its like when you buy a car versus toothpaste. You're not negotiating the price of toothpaste, but you are as a consumer negotiates the price of car now we see the same in our consumable versus instruments business.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen & Company: Great. Thanks a lot for taking the questions. 
Marijn E. Dekkers: Okay. Thank you. So, we have to wrap it up, thank you very much. Just to close, I'm very confident that our continued operating discipline and our strong balance sheet and our gross investments will help us to emerge from this recession as an even stronger industry leader. So, I want to thank you for listening today, and thank you for your continued support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. That concludes the conference. You may disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth J. Apicerno - VP of IR Marijn E. Dekkers - President and CEO Peter M. Wilver - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Ross Mukin - Deutsche Bank Securities Derik De Bruin - UBS Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird Jon Wood - Banc of America Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch Peter Lawson - Thomas Weisel Partners
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call today we have Marijn Dekkers, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Marc Casper our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Pete Wilver our Chief Financial Officer. Please be aware that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website thermofisher.com until November 28, 2008. To reach a replay of the call on our website click on "Investors" and then "Webcasts and Presentations". Please also be aware that a copy of the press release setting forth our third quarter 2008 earnings and future expectations is available on the investor section of our website under the heading "Financial Results". We need to begin the call by reading the Safe Harbor Statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements, for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 28 2008 under the caption "Risk Factors" which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available in the investor section of our website under the heading "SEC Filings". While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change; and therefore you should not rely on these forward-looking statements, as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. Also during this call, we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures used on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release setting forth our third quarter 2008 earnings and future expectations and in the tables accompanying such releases in the investor section of our website, under the heading "Financial Results". Related information is also available on the investor section of the website under the heading "Webcasts and Presentations". So with that I would like to now turn the call over to Marijn.
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ken. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call. We are living in interesting times, in many ways, the world as we've known it has changed. But we were pleased to again deliver a strong quarter with record performance in Q3. Let me get right into the financial highlights that you saw this morning in our press release. First revenues grew 8% to a record $2.6 billion. Adjusted EPS rose 17%. Adjusted operating income increased by 12% and we were able to deliver 60 basis points of adjusted operating margin improvement. Except for the last couple of weeks in the quarter, Q3 was very similar to the first half of 2008. We saw overall strength in our major life sciences and health care end markets which represents two-thirds of our business with Biotech, CROs and academic customers particularly strong and growing in the double-digit. Then in the last couple of weeks of the quarter, we saw some softening in demand that we believe cost us about 1.5% of revenue growth. We think that as a result of the credit crisis, some of our customers, particularly in large pharma and industrial markets, quickly tightened their belts and held off on their decisions to make big ticket purchases. The good news is, now that we are a few weeks into the fourth quarter, things seem to be loosening up and we are definitely seeing increased spending again, certainly above the levels at the end of Q3. Obviously in this uncertain financial environment, any company that watched its stock price tumble in the past month has been putting the brakes on spending. This is why we think mostly large pharma and industrial customers have been affected by this, more so than biotech companies or academic and government customers. Actually, we ourselves Thermo Fisher are carefully watching our own costs, as we always do and have proactively initiated some new actions to curtail spending. We have a number of additional cost levers that we can pool if we need to, depending on how the economic situation unfolds. While most of what's going on in the global economy is out of our control, we are very focused on continuing to do what we do well and running the company as we always have. This involves, achieving a balance of our four key financial metrics, which as you know are top line growth, operating margin, earnings per share and free cash flow. And then of course, we continue to invest in growth opportunities by developing innovative products, expanding into new markets and strengthening our commercial capabilities. Our sound business model has established us Thermo Fisher as the world leader in our industry. And as the leader we have four distinct advantages: First of all, a broad portfolio; second, a diverse customer base; third, global reach; and fourth, a strong balance sheet. And we feel strongly that this combination will continue to create value for our shareholders, customers and employees. So a few comments on our broad portfolio first. We've built a very strong portfolio with an attractive mix of consumables, instruments, software and services. Nearly half of our sales are consumable laboratory supplies that need to be replenished on an ongoing basis. We continue to build our portfolio with new technologies that reinforce our position as the innovation leader. New products introduced earlier this year have been well received by customers and are selling well, particularly, our FT-IR Spectrometer and Microscope, the ITQ Ion Trap and the Vantage triple quadrupole mass spectrometer. Key applications for these products range from cutting-edge life sciences research to forensic analysis to food safety testing. We continue to develop new systems that will set us apart in the marketplace by meeting the need of a range of applications and operating skills, as well as meeting our customers' expectations for performance and price. On our diverse customer base; as you know, our broad technology portfolio in combination with our Fisher Scientific catalogs and other sales channels gives us tremendous access to customers in diverse markets. Our breadth gives us the ability to help our customers buy more intelligently by standardizing their purchases or building complete workflows using a single supplier. This allows us to offer a very strong value proposition. A great example of this is food safety. We are reading a lot in the papers about melamine contamination in Chinese baby milk powder lately, but and we have a work flow solution for that. We highlighted three other work flows for food safety testing at a major analytical industry show last month based on our Thermo Scientific technologies. One showed how meat samples can be rapidly tested using our revolutionary new executive LC-MS benchtop system, which allows prepared food samples to be injected directly into the instrument. Another workflow based on our Arena photometric analyzer checks beverages such as juice, wine and drinking water for spoilage and off-flavors. And we also demonstrated how fruit and vegetables can be streamed for contaminants using our TSQ Quantum triple quad in combination with Nautilus LIMS to track and manage the data. We are investing to expand our presence in food safety; and sales into that market were particularly strong in Europe and Asia in Q3. Then global reach, we've made significant investments to expand our footprint in Asia as we talked about in some detail in the last few quarters on the conference call. Given our size, we are under-penetrated in that part of the world, and that gives us tremendous opportunities for growth. We saw very strong growth in China and India again this quarter with the demand for our products and services coming from a number of markets; life sciences environmental and food safety. Next month, we will officially open our new clinical packaging facility in India, a $17 million investment. We expect this to significantly increase our share of the market there for clinical trials logistic services as more pharma companies choose to outsource those activities to improve productivity. On the balance sheet, finally, all of these strengths are supported by an extremely healthy balance sheet and strong cash flow that allows us to reinvest in the business for long-term growth. We continue to use some of our cash to make smaller, strategic acquisitions that offer complimentary technologies or access to new markets. We made a number of these in Q3 totaling approximately $60 million in annualized revenues. So to wrap up my portion, let me review our guidance for 2008. We are confident that we will deliver on our adjusted EPS guidance for the year. In fact, we are increasing the low end of our guidance by $0.02 to a new range of $3.13 to $3.17 for the full year. This would lead to an 18% to 20% growth in adjusted EPS over our strong performance in 2007, which continues our track record of double digit earnings growth over the past eight years. With better visibility at this point in the year and factoring in a less favorable impact from foreign currency exchange, we now expect to achieve 2008 revenues of $10.45 to $10.55 resulting in 7% to 8% growth over our 2007 results. You know, we have been through challenging times before as a company and we are now the world leader in our industry. With our strong track record and essentially the same management team in place, I'm very confident that we are well-positioned to weather this economy and come out an even stronger leader. With that, I will turn the call over to our CFO, Pete Wilver for his financial review. Pete.
Peter M. Wilver - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Marijn. Good morning everyone. As Marijn said, we had another strong quarter with 17% growth in our adjusted earnings per share to $0.76 compared to $0.65 in Q3 last year. GAAP earnings per share in Q3 were $0.51, up from $0.49 in the prior year's quarter, primarily as a result of our improved operating performance and favorable discontinued operations, partially offset by some one time favorable GAAP tax adjustments in 2007. Our press release contains a detailed reconciliation between GAAP and adjusted EPS. Revenues in Q3 increased 8% year-over-year to $2.59 billion. Organic revenue growth in the quarter was 3.5%, excluding favorable currency translation of 1.5% and acquisitions net of divestitures of 3%. Bookings were slightly above revenues in the quarter, by about 1%. In the Analytical Technology segment, Q3 revenues rose 6% on a reported basis and 2% organically. In the quarter, we saw softer demand for our analytical instrumentation than in previous quarters and continued weakness in our bioprocess production consumables business. New products continued to be a growth driver, specifically in our scientific instruments, molecular diagnostics and life science research product lines. In the Laboratory Products and Services segment, Q3 revenues increased by 10% on a reported basis and 5% organically. During the quarter, we saw a strong growth in our health care catalog, biopharma logistics services and laboratory work stations businesses, all of which delivered high single-digit organic growth. By geography, we experience slower growth in North America than in previous quarters and continued our strong growth in Asia Pacific and the rest of the world. North America and Europe grew in the low single-digits and Asia Pacific grew in the mid-teens. The rest of the world grew at 38% albeit from a relatively small base. Q3 adjusted operating income increased 12% year-over-year to $454 million. Adjusted operating margin was 17.5% up 60 basis points from 16.9% in the year ago quarter. The margin expansion was driven by pull through on our incremental organic revenues, including increased prices and by our productivity initiatives, such as practical process improvement, global sourcing and infrastructure optimization. This expansion was partially offset by inflationary pressure in our raw materials and transportation costs, as well as higher stock compensation expenses. Analytical Technologies' Q3 adjusted operating income increased by 15% year-over-year and adjusted operating margin was 21.1%, up 170 basis points versus 19.4% last year, primarily as a result of substantial productivity improvements. Laboratory Products and Services' Q3 adjusted operating income increased by 9% and adjusted operating margin was 13.9% down 20 basis points from 14.1% in the 2007 quarter. Similar to our results in Q2 and as we projected for Q3, year-over-year margin expansion in Laboratory Products and Services was negatively impacted by direct material inflation, partially offset by our pricing actions and we also continued to see unfavorable foreign exchange on our European manufacturing cost base. Total company adjusted gross margin was 41.1% in Q3, up 30 basis points from 40.8% in the year ago quarter, primarily as a result of volume leverage and the impact of our sourcing and productivity initiatives. We are continuing to see some inflationary pressure on our raw material costs, primarily in steel raw resin and plastics and while oil prices have declined recently, we still experienced higher fuel and freight costs in the quarter, a large portion of which we have been able to offset in the form of fuel surcharges and increased rate billings. Overall, direct material inflation negatively impacted gross margin in the quarter by about 60 basis points, which was largely offset by our global sourcing and incremental pricing initiatives. Going forward, we expect commodity inflation to moderate slightly and our pricing actions to further take hold, which should lessen the dilutive impact of direct material inflation on our gross margin expansion in future quarters. Adjusted SG&A was 21.1% of revenue in Q3, down 30 basis points from 21.5% in the year ago quarter, primarily as a result of volume leverage and productivity, partially offset by growth investments and higher stock compensation expense. R&D expense was 2.4% of revenue in Q3, flat with last year. Moving to below the line items, adjusted net interest expense of $19 million was flat with last year, as a reduction in our net debt was offset by a slightly less favorable interest rate environment. Other income was a loss of $2 million, down $3 million from the prior year. This resulted primarily from currency translation losses on foreign entity cash, partially offset by increased earnings from joint ventures. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 23.3%, down 0.3% from Q2, and down 1.3% from the prior year primarily as a result of the tax planning initiatives we implemented during the second half of 2007, and throughout 2008. We are currently forecasting our full year adjusted tax rate to be approximately 23.3% which reflects the benefit of the US R&D Tax Credit Extension approved early in Q4. Average diluted shares were $439 million for the quarter, down $8 million from last year, reflecting the benefit of the share buyback program we initiated in Q3 2007, and completed in Q1. In mid-September, our Board authorized the repurchase of up to $500 million of our common stock through September 2009. We did not repurchase any shares under this authorization during Q3. In terms of balance sheet performance, third quarter year-to-date cash flow from continuing operations was $961 million. And after deducting net capital expenditures of $150 million, pre-cash flow from continuing operations was $811 million. We ended the quarter with $1.25 billion in cash and investments, up $230 million from Q2 as our free cash flow was partially offset by cash used for acquisitions. Our total debt was $2.18 billion, essentially flat with Q2. Given the current credit environment, let me just give you a quick summary of our liquidity position as of the end of Q3. Overall, we are very comfortable with our liquidity position and ability to meet our financing needs for the foreseeable future. As I just mentioned, we have $1.25 billion in cash and $2.18 billion in debt for net debt of $930 million. The bulk of our cash is either held in the U.S or is readily accessible from offshore sources with minimal tax implications. Our US cash is currently invested primarily in money market funds consisting of government and treasury securities. Our offshore cash is currently invested primarily in money market funds consisting of corporate and government securities. And of course, we also have funds in local bank accounts to support our offshore operations, all of which are closely monitored by our Corporate Treasury department. The major components of our debt are: $130 million of senior subordinated straight debt due at the end of this month that will be paid off with cash in hand; $1.50 billion of senior and subordinated straight debt due in 2014 and 2015 with no put options; and $975 million in converts due in 2023, 2024 and 2033, all of which remain currently in the money; and finally, we have a $1 billion committed credit facility in place through August 2012 with a group of 18 U.S and international banks, none of which individually represent more than 9% of the commitment. The five primary banks in the facility are Bank of America, JPMorgan, Barclays, Deutsche Bank and Royal Bank of Scotland. Moving on to working capital, we had a solid performance in the quarter. Accounts receivable days outstanding was 54 days, down one day from the prior year, and inventory days of supply was 74 days, down two days from the prior year. So, finally, on to our 2008 guidance. We are maintaining the high-end of our previous adjusted EPS guidance and increasing the low end by $0.02, resulting in our revised guidance range of $3.13 to $3.17. This range represents 18% to 20% growth compared to the $2.65 we reported in 2007. With respect to our revenue outlook for the full year, we now expect revenues to be in the range of $10.45 to 10.55 billion or 7% to 8% growth versus our 2007 actual revenue of $9.75 billion. This revised guidance reflects impact of less favorable foreign exchange along with slightly lower organic growth. In response to our revenue outlook for the year, we have implemented discretionary cost controls and some minor reductions in force which have enabled us to mitigate the EPS impact of the lost revenue. All in all, it was a good quarter and we are pleased to be able to maintain our adjusted EPS guidance despite an uncertain economic environment. With that, I will turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Kenneth J. Apicerno - Vice President of Investor Relations: We can now open it up for questions operator. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question or comment comes from the line of Ross Muken from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open,
Ross Mukin - Deutsche Bank Securities: So relative to your comments Marijn about sort of the pullback in pharma as sort of the credit crisis heightens towards the end of the September quarter the September time frame, what are we seeing in the emerging market economies now and by that, I mean sort of China and kind of the other major infrastructure plays globally, where there still continues to be a bit of a debt crisis and sort of a less favorable outlook, certainly from an economic perspective than even the IMF or other agencies had say, three or four weeks ago?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Ross, good morning. What I said about the slowing down in the last couple of weeks was not just large pharma, but also in general the industrial larger industrial customers. And I also said that we've seen a pick up on that again, clearly so far in the fourth quarter, so things have loosened up. With China, it's a little early to tell, I mean we read the same newspaper articles that China's economy is probably slowing down, but at the same time, China is still an enormous area of growth for us. And I don't know, it's really too early to tell to say what is the effect of a slowdown in the economy on China for the quarter, but we haven't seen significant slowdown in China so far.
Ross Mukin - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, that's definitely helpful. And then, the other question is relative to sort of the operating leverage, I mean, I think that is sort of going to be a key for certainly the stock and for you guys going forward. I mean, how do you think about that relative to organic growth targets? And I'm not asking you to sort of prognosticate, what you are going to say for '09 because it's obviously too early. But I mean how is there sort of like break bands where, if we think organic growth is going to be X to X, we know we need to go to plan A, and if we know it's going to be below that there is plan B and even far below that there is plan C. I mean is that sort of the way of thinking about it? And relative to that, how easy are some of these levers to pull and how immediate are some of the cost savings you can get? I mean, peoples are relatively, sort-of quick and sometimes painful way to do it, but in terms of facilities or other levers on the OpEx side, can you give us a bit more clarity in terms of your flexibility there?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: We have a lot of flexibility, I mean as a result of the company, we've put together over the last number of years. We have a lot of productivity capability in the company and so you can always drive that part harder if organic growth would not be where we would want it to be. So that's one lever, the other lever is, as you know, given an unusual combination in this company as a result of the merger of Thermo and Fisher, we have a lot of opportunity to drive a different business model, to gain share over time, that we are investing in very heavily. It's sales, marketing, it's global expansion, it's IT systems and that of course some of those investments are costly and go at the expense of margin improvement. And you can also always tailor that to the circumstances. So it's not like we have been this company and this format for the last eight years. We have really a new company in the last two years and a lot of levers to pull if for whatever reason, the top line growth wouldn't be where we expected it to be. Now you always have to be careful that you pull these levers too hard because you may jeopardize long-term organic growth or but at the same time, I think we have a lot of knowledge about the industry, about our capabilities. We have a track record here of more than eight years of doing this balance quite well. And it has lesser double-digit earnings growth over the last years and I see no reason for that to discontinue even if the economic conditions are less favorable.
Ross Mukin - Deutsche Bank Securities: And apologize for the third, but I just need, one other quick clarification. Pete, on the share count.
Peter M. Wilver - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Ross Mukin - Deutsche Bank Securities: With the convert now, I believe being under water, what's sort of the implications of that going forward relative to where we should see share count come out in the future?
Peter M. Wilver - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, all of our converts are still in the money. They are less in the money than they have been in the past, obviously, but they are all still in the money, so they're all still diluting our share count. Certainly if the stock price stays where it is today all through Q4, our share count will go down. It's not material, you know it's in the range of 1% or something like that but it definitely will go down, depending on the stock price.
Ross Mukin - Deutsche Bank Securities: What is the break point for the sort of nearest.
Peter M. Wilver - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There's three different converts at different prices, the highest priced one is right around 40.
Ross Mukin - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. So we're sort of hovering there. Got it.
Peter M. Wilver - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Ross Mukin - Deutsche Bank Securities: All right. Thank you, Pete.
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Derik De Bruin from UBS. Your line is open, sir.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Hi, good morning.
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Derek.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: So, I think the bulk of the questions, I'm getting from investors right now are related to what type of forecasts that you are going to put through to 2009, I guess, just how you looking at it right now? I guess, when you kind of look at your you know the different scenario analyses and the stuff that comes on, you know I guess how good to do you feel about still being able to expand margins in a really difficult environment? Basically if you kind of look at your worst case scenario can you still get some operating margin leverage?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Derek. Well, first of all, we are not thinking this is doomsday okay? So lift your voice just a little bit, but, as I said in my answer to Ross' question, there are a lot of levers that we can pull in terms of margin improvement, and we have a long history of doing that very effectively, and we have by no means run out of opportunities in the company to do so. Plus, we are making a lot of discretionary investments that we are making to come out stronger three to five years down the road that we could curtail to some extent if we would choose to do so. So, I believe that margin improvement is ahead for us almost irrespective of whatever economy we will have for the next number of years. Now, you know, what exactly the margin improvement number is depends on of course what's the organic growth number? How do we feel about these investments? And also about management's capability to drive productivity faster which we certainly can do if we want to.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Great, that was very helpful. And I guess, could you talk about how aggressive you are going to be in terms of utilizing the $500 million buyback?
Peter M. Wilver - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Derek, we really don't talk about how we are going to execute our buyback strategy into the future.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Okay And then one final question The price increases that you pushed through in August, are those sticking? Any push back from customers?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, they are. So that's very helpful. That has helped us recover some of the materials inflation margin erosion that we saw in the second quarter. As you know Derek, we talked about this. A lot of these price increases were not implemented until the middle of August, and some even haven't because of contract limitations haven't even been, you know, implemented even as of today. We will have to wait until the new year for that. So that's basically coming through the pipe, and we saw some effect of that, but we will see a much larger effect of that price increase showing up in margins again recovery of margins from materials inflation in the fourth quarter.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Great. Thank you. I will get back in the queue.
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you Derek.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning.
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Tycho.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Actually maybe following up on that last question on price. I'm wondering we're hearing a lot more from companies about getting more aggressive on pricing, so not just passing on higher shipping cost and input costs but maybe getting more granular in the pricing strategy and using price as more of a lever going forward. Can you comment you know as we think about the catalog next year and how you are viewing the pricing levers that you can pull with your customer base?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean, so far this year the mid-year price increase that we have implemented on the basis of. it was strictly done on the basis of much higher raw material costs. I mean resin prices, steel prices, I mean, it went through the roof very quickly in the April to May timeframe, and we had to quite honestly scramble to get these price increases passed along mid-year, which is not something the industry typically does. Usually it's a one time a year price increase at the beginning of the year not something mid-year. So that's good. We got that, but it really is just to make up lost margin that happened earlier and it's a passing on of costs to the customer. I think that more generally, pricing is not something our industry has done tremendously well. I recognized this quite a long time ago and we started paying a lot more attention to it. I mean a lot of and we've talked about this in number of years, a lot of authority that individual sales people have to give discounts on instruments to customers where you... after you get the order you wonder, did we really have to do this? It's really the best way to sell value versus price. And we've tightened up a lot of those things and have a lot of pricing strategists in the company helping the sales force price appropriately. And I see a level of professionalism in that area also when I sort of look around me in the peer groups. So I think that bodes well for our industry, its not something that we are particularly are good at historically.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay. That's helpful. With regard to your comments about pharma, we're obviously seeing a lot about restructuring and you've talked in the past about your business at pharma growing, as you kind of continue to penetrate deeper. And then with the overlay of kind of the comments you made around, pharma getting worse towards the end of the quarter. Can you just talk about your outlook, given the restructuring that's happening among the pharma base, how you view that market going forward?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, you know there's a number of elements to pharma, I think first of all they're tightening their belts to some extent that means that they are outsourcing more and therefore CROs do better. So there is a benefit to that, also pharma's problems in terms of drugs that come off patent are of course positive for generic pharma. And therefore, that's a customer base that's doing better. But I would say in general, large pharma will be under more price pressure and this is exactly why we are having the dialogue with them of hey, we are a large broad-based supplier with terrific technologies and services and we can help you drive a more efficient sourcing model than you've exercised so far. And in these difficult times for large pharma, they are more and more open to listen to us and actually have the courage to implement some of these changes. And with courage I mean, not so much that it's a scary thing to do but large pharma is not known in general for its efficient sourcing capability. And I think large pharma companies are recognizing themselves and are changing and upgrading their capabilities in this area. So, we have a better audience over time to talk to.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay. And then with regards to M&A, the buyback you authorized was a little bit smaller than you have done in the past and then you announced a handful of tuck-in deals this quarter. I guess, that there is a lot of discussion about whether you guys would look to do something a little bit larger. Can you just talk about kind of your outlook on larger versus small deals and what you are seeing in the market right now?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, you know last year we had a large buyback, this was just immediately after the Fisher merger. So we were certainly didn't have a lot of appetite for a lot of other acquisitions after we just did that big one. I think now things are a little bit different, we were taking a very measured approach, acquisitions versus buybacks. To tuck-in acquisitions will be an ongoing thing that we will always do. And as I've said before, large acquisitions really the stars need to be aligned for that, its very hard to plan around it and it really depends on each individual case. So, if the right opportunity would come along, we would certainly would be able from a management capacity point of view to do a larger acquisition, but it's hard to plan for them.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay. And then just one clarification, you mentioned lab workstations did okay. Was this based off, need your comp or are you actually seeing kind of an acceleration in new lab space being built out?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I think that we are managing that business so much better now than a number of years ago, that this is just really organically doing better in this business. It was a problem child for us, a number of years ago, as you know. And we really turned it around and they are probably gaining share, right now.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you, very much.
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Quintin Lai from Robert Baird. Your line is open.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Looking at Analytical Technologies, top line was 6% but organic was two, yet operating income grew 15%. So could you give us a little bit of you know what was the impact of FX on that operating income? And then, based off of 2% organic revenue growth and pretty healthy operating income, could that be kind of a preview of, kind of what Derik was asking, what happens to operating income growth if a slowdown occurs?
Peter M. Wilver - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Quinton. Just in terms of the FX, I mean that certainly doesn't really have much impact on the margin expansion. It tends to come through at about the average Analytical Technologies, I commented on Laboratory Products and Services being a little bit impacted by FX and that offset comes in through on the Analytical Technology side, so it's about even at the company level. So maybe it's 20 basis points or something in that range, but not significantly accretive to the margins. In terms of the quarter, we just had a number of businesses that performed much better than they did last year, in terms of productivity. Some had a little bit of an easy comp in terms of the margin expansion, but other businesses, we've really have just been managing them a lot more tightly to enable us to get the margin expansion. I wouldn't necessarily extrapolate that out into the future, but certainly we can we believe that we can continue to get the range of margin expansion that we have gotten in the past within a relevant range of organic growth. So I don't know if that answers the question or not but...
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: No but it does illustrate our capability to drive productivity in a business that has already a very good operating margin to begin with which is the point that we have been making over the last few years.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: And then Marijn, your Company has an interesting position of seeing daily sales as well as big ticket sales. So could you kind of decouple that with your comments in the back for the slowdown you saw in September from your big industrial and big pharma customers. On the daily sales, did you see any change with respect to them?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I think... what I've tried to say, and let me just say it one more time very clearly. At the end of the quarter, we saw from large pharma and industrial customers in particular sort of a, almost like a deer in the headlights type of reaction to larger ticket items, not the ongoing consumables so much but larger ticket items. It's almost like, I'm going to spend $100,000 or $200,000? I read in the paper that there is a credit crisis. Is this really, right now the time for me to do this? And we are running our business with relatively short lead times. We have a lot of emphasis on cash flow, low inventories, so if some of these orders at the end of the quarter don't come through, that hurts our, sort of finishing up in a nice neat package of revenue at the end of the quarter. And that's what we saw. You see that less in the consumables end of it because you are talking about smaller ticket items for the customer and they not so focused on that. So as I said as well, it seems like the system is sort of thawing-out again. That little freeze, it was there but it seems like temperatures are above freezing again in the beginning of the new quarter.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Jon Wood from Banc of America. Your line is open sir.
Jon Wood - Banc of America: Thanks. Pete, let me get the obligatory cash-flow question out of the way. Any change to operating cash flow or CapEx guidance for '08?
Peter M. Wilver - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: CapEx guidance is down a little bit to around $225 million. But I'm still sticking with the $1.2 billion at this point.
Jon Wood - Banc of America: Okay. And then revisiting this cash deployment question. If I look back on the buyback and acquisition accretion estimates from the Investor Day, I think you estimated both avenues are about equal in terms of earnings accretion. So, I would imagine the buy-back... or the economics around the buy-back are about 30% better now at current valuation levels on the stock. So why wouldn't the buy-back be a higher priority for the Board at these levels?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's only true if you assume that you still have to pay the old price for the acquisitions right?
Jon Wood - Banc of America: So is the sentiment more, wait and see approach to see how valuations shake out in the M&A landscape before making a more concerted decision there?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, you know, quite honestly if you just step back from it I do not believe that a lot of companies say, oh great, you know, my stock went down by 35%. Let's quickly sell our company. That is just not the natural inclination that people would have. So, yes, deals will be done, and maybe a big deal will be done but I do not think that the people... that Boards of companies now say, oh, this is just a great time to sell right now. So that could lead you to saying, well, then buybacks may be a better option in the short-term. But it's hard to predict that because you only need one of the right exception on that and there is an opportunity. So, we're playing it sort of in a very balanced way.
Jon Wood - Banc of America: Okay, so can I assume from the comments Marijn that the deal pipeline really hasn't changed since mid-September?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: On large deals?
Jon Wood - Banc of America: Just any... you know, just the landscape, valuation as well as opportunities?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Of course. Well, no, I wouldn't say that it has changed. Were still looking at tuck-ins on a regular basis. I think that most companies would still like to get the old price okay? So the question is, is that intelligent for a buyer to pay the old price under these circumstances?
Jon Wood - Banc of America: Okay. Thanks a lot for the comments.
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks Jon.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Isaac Ro, from Leerink Swann. Your line is open.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just regarding visibility, do you guys still expect to see pharma budgets coming in October, November for next year and do you think it's possible that you might see a delay there and that could kind of cascade into delays in spending in the first half of '09?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think I don't know what is whether or not budgets are delayed at large pharma's. It's impossible for me to make an intelligent comment on that. I mean, as I said, before a large part of what we do is consumables and another big part is services. So that's hard to delay, but maybe some of the companies will look at what are we are going to do capital budget-wise and we will see, we will see, but as I said, assuming that the credit crisis inertia is out of the system already, so it will be more business as usual rather than this credit crisis-induced inertia.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Okay, great. And then in terms of your fourth quarter FX headwinds, looks like most of your competitors are looking for anywhere from 1% to 3%. What are you guys looking for?
Peter M. Wilver - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: What we have in our forecast numbers and in our guidance is about a 2% impact to revenue.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Okay. And then just lastly on, you know, do you guys think that you can take share in analytical equipment businesses to improve your growth prospects and to what extent might you use pricing as a weapon?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well in analytical instruments, pricing is not the key weapon to gain share. The key weapon in analytical instruments is performance of the instrument, the technology of the instrument. So analytical instruments is a technology game and we are we are really driving that between hardware capabilities, hardware improvements and software improvements. So maybe in some lower end instrumentation where there is not a lot of technology differentiation between competitors, price becomes more of an issue, but that's not typical.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Got you.
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Service you know the follow on service, the ability to show instruments in demonstration labs all around the world, helping the customers with new applications, putting an integrated work flow together rather than just throwing the instrument over the wall and saying "you figure it out". I mean, all of these are selling capabilities that we have focused on a lot that don't make price a top priority for the customer.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Got it. Thank you, very much.
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Jonathan Groberg, from Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Good morning, thanks for taking the call. A lot of questions have been asked and unfortunately you can't answer the question that everybody wants to know which is what exactly earnings number you are going to do in 2009. So, I will focus on just a few clarification questions.
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: It will be a good number though.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: On the commentary, you know, I appreciate you spending a lot of time on the strength of your balance sheet, which I think is something that I guess is that I think is a little lost a little bit here in the story. You doubled your cash since the end of last year, your cash on hand. People have asked, how you're going to use it, but maybe just a more pointed question, Marijn. Did you pay less for these acquisitions you made in the third quarter than you had paid previously? Are you starting to see other companies that are maybe concerned about the outlook or maybe don't have as strong of a liquidity position or that are willing to pay for a lot or willing to sell for a lot lower price and maybe not the big acquisitions, but the smaller companies?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes that's we didn't pay less for the ones we did in Q3, because they were obviously well on their way and really if you remember Q3, we thought the world was rosy and everybody else did on September 15. Okay? So, it hasn't been that long although it feels like it's been awhile. You know, I think that certainly, there are always people particularly privately-owned companies that need to sell sometimes just for estate planning. So I think expectations of valuations need to be lower on that in this environment. And I also think that we are in a particular advantage here, having such a strong balance sheet, having the cash flow that we can actually pay a few hundred million for something while other potential buyers would say, you know I'm going to be conservative, I don't want to spend this money right now. So, it may be a good time to do some good deals, just like in the malls, you can get better deals.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks for clarifying that. And then, two other quick clarifying questions. You mentioned, again as you hit these last few weeks and it was like the deer in the headlights, I think you used in terms of buying some of these big ticket items. Can you just quantify, at what price points are you talking about, where you think there was noticeable you know difference?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'm talking anything up from for some smaller customers a water quality lab, something of 20,000 bucks; to all way up to $500,000 for a large customer. But a $20,000 piece of equipment for water quality lab in a small geography is also a big ticket item for them. So that's pretty much across the range of our analytical instruments.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay, interesting. So it was down. It was mostly [inaudible]...
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: It really does. It really does And that's why we saw it not just with large pharma but also sort of across the board industrially.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then last question here. You mentioned, I think you were maybe a little conservative in terms of raw material prices and where they are heading, I mean at least now, the commodity complex is collapsing, and it really isn't just resins which it looks like are set to collapse with the capacity coming online. So, across your businesses that could happen. How will that play out? How long of a lag time and what happens if you go back historically in previous recessions? What happened to your own pricing? Were you able to maintain it? Was Fisher able to maintain it or are you going to have to lower some of your own pricing if the prices come down on these other input costs?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, that is a good question. Dow Chemical had its earnings this morning and I was... I had to leave so I didn't hear the CEO speak on TV, on the different shows. But knowing him a little bit, I think what he would say is, we are going to hang on to these price increases that we implemented for as long as we possibly can because on the way up, we really, you know, had higher raw material prices that we could have instantaneously passed on. So, certainly on the way down, oil coming down, we want to make at least that back. So, I personally don't think that these resin prices are going to come down as fast and as significantly as oil prices have over the next, say, three four five six months. But if they ultimately do, we will look at our prices, but I don't think we would have a lot of enthusiasm to adjust them because we also have suffered from a delayed capability to pass on the prices. So I think we are well into 2010 to have this become an issue for us. And by that time, inflation and other annual price increases will muddy the water on it.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay but if you just look back maybe in like the 2002 and 2003 period where there was a significant curtailment of demand for some of the products, was pricing able to maintain itself? Or was there...
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think pricing was able to maintain itself very well. Don't forget these are consumables. It's not like toothpaste prices came down in 2002 and 2003 for us right? I mean this is... these are...
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: But, I guess, I'm talking about even like instruments, I mean, steel prices are collapsing as well, so I'm talking about all input costs I guess.
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, well on a more expensive analytical instrument, fuel price is not a big part of the total costs. On laboratory equipment like freezers and centrifuges and things like that safety hoods [ph]... there it is, and again, it has been hard for us initially to pass on the price increases. So, we are not jumping at the bits to lower our prices at all on that.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay great. Thanks.
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Operator, we will take one more call-in.
Operator: Our final call comes from the line of Mr. Peter Lawson from Thomas Weisel. Your line is open, Sir.
Peter Lawson - Thomas Weisel Partners: Marijn, just kind of thinking about the worst case scenario. With no organic growth, can you still get up margin expansion?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer.: Well, I don't think about that scenario either, okay? But yes. The answer is yes. As you said, you know as we said before, half of our capability to improve margins comes from productivity. That certainly doesn't go away when the revenue is flat. And then we would push productivity harder in a situation where organic growth would be really unimaginably low.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: What are the markets that are still firing, that aren't really showing any signs of slowdown after that kind of pick-up?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Markets that aren't showing any sign of slowdown? Foods and beverage, a lot of food quality is very, very strong. The world is scared around food safety, so that is a very, very good market. We also actually saw some continued good strength in mining and materials, so commodity materials seem to be quite robust, continues to be robust. And then, in general, anything that's related to healthcare, diagnostics is not affected, at least not initially by stuff that's been going on in the world right now. Maybe over time, it would, but not initially.
Peter Lawson - Thomas Weisel Partners: And that's being kind of the implied growth organic growth coming from that Q4 guidance, does that mostly capture the weakness that you have seen and has it kind of re-adjusted for a pick up? It's more of a kind of a worst case story?
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Why don't you answer that Pete?
Peter M. Wilver - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Just in terms of the organic growth assumptions that are in there, I talked about the foreign exchange assumption, but the full year, based on where we think FX will be is our range is about 4% to 5% organic growth for the full year and the high end of Q4 would be around 4%. So I would say, it's a mix of what happened at the end of Q3 and some recovery of that and you know, it's a fairly wide range in revenues certainly of a $100 million, just because of a little bit of uncertainty in foreign exchange markets, as well as our end markets. But as Marijn, said early in the quarter, the order rate looks a lot more like the beginning of third quarter rather than the end of third quarter.
Peter Lawson - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, so it almost seems that the guidance is closer to worst case rather than a stretch case scenario and tones kind of getting a lot better.
Peter M. Wilver - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would say that our guidance is consistent with the way we always give our guidance. I think we do our best to give you the best information that we have at the time.
Peter Lawson - Thomas Weisel Partners: And then, just finally, I may have missed it. Are you still executing on the buyback?
Peter M. Wilver - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We have a buyback in place and as I mentioned in Q3, we did not purchase any shares on that. It was approved within a couple of days of our blackout period. So we didn't really have an opportunity in Q3 and as I mentioned earlier, we don't really like to talk about our future buyback strategy.
Peter Lawson - Thomas Weisel Partners: But during the last couple of weeks of Q4, has that been executed?
Peter M. Wilver - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. As I said, we were in a blackout in the last so we weren't able to make any purchases.
Peter Lawson - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you.
Peter M. Wilver - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Marijn E. Dekkers - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Peter. Okay, so a quick closing comment and we were pleased to report a strong quarter in Q3 and I'm confident that we will meet our financial goals for the year as we have discussed. And I believe that our end market diversity, portfolio breadth and global presence, along with our continued ability to invest for growth, placed us in a better position than most to weather economic headwinds and build on our industry leadership. So as always, we appreciate your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific and thank you for listening today. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-09-09 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, Ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno,you may begin the call.
Kenneth Apicerno: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call today, we have Marijn Dekkers, our President, Chief Executive Officer, Marc Casper, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and Peter Wilver, our Chief Financial Officer. Please be aware that this car is being webcast live and will be archived on our website, thermofisher.com, until August 29th, 2008. To reach the replay of the call on our website, click on investors and webcast and presentation. Please also be aware that a copy of the press release setting forth our second quarter 2008 earnings in future expectations is available in the investor section on our website, under the heading financial results. I would like to begin by reading the safe harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's form 10-Q, for the quarter end March 29th, 2008, under the caption risk factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on the investors section of our website under the heading SEA filings. While we may like to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change and therefore you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. During the call, we will referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial used on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release, setting forth our 2008 second quarter earnings and future expectations and in the tables accompanying such releases in the investor section of our website at thermofisher.com, under the heading financial results. Related information is also available on the investor section of our website under the heading webcast and presentation. So, with that I would now like to turn the call over to Marijn Dekkers.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thank you, Ken. Good morning, everyone. I know there are number of companies in our space are competing for your attention this morning. So, thank you very much for joining us. I think you will be glad you did because it was a very good quarter. As you saw in our press release, we had another record quarter in Q2 with strong performance in all of our key financial metrics. So, let me get right to the highlights. First, we had a really strong revenue growth quarter with a 14% increase to $2.7 billion. Adjusted EPS rose by 22% and our adjusted operating income increased 18%, and we also achieved 60 bases points of adjusted operating margin expansion, so a terrific growth quarter. I believe our success is the result of our sound business model. As you've heard me say before, we do not run this company quarter-by-quarter focused on any one single financial goal. Instead, we work to achieve a balance of our four key financial metrics, which are revenues, operating margin, EPS and cash flow. And we believe that this approach is the best way for us to generate growth that is sustainable and creates value for shareholders over the long-term. Our performance in Q2 puts us right where we expected to be halfway through the year and this positions us to meet our growth goals for the full year in 2008. Our results year-to-date also show that not only have we achieved our cost energy targets from the merger of Thermo Fisher, but we are right on track with revenue synergies in the three areas we have been focusing on since the merger. You remember that the three areas of revenue synergies were one selling more self-manufactured products through the Fisher Scientific catalogs. Two, leveraging the company's scale by growing faster in Asia and three focusing specifically on our top 20 largest accounts to gain share. We are very encouraged by our success in each of these three areas. The first one that we started seeing results from early last year was selling more self-manufactured products through our Fisher scientific catalogs and the success of this has significantly added to our margin expansion in the past six quarters. And then second, by leveraging our total company footprints, we have also seen faster than market rate revenue growth across Asia, not just in China but also in India and even in Japan. And Asia is now 13% of our total revenue versus 10% at the time of the merger, so an overall acceleration of growth in Asia of about $300 million in just over one year. And then lastly, in the past few quarters revenue growth of our top 20 customer counts has been significantly outperforming the company average indicating that our focus on these large customers is also beginning to pay off. So we are progressing well on all these three fronts as a result of being the combined Thermo Fisher Company. Now let me make a few comments about our key end markets. We are especially pleased with our performance given the current global economic environment. The newspaper headlines continue to point to how much uncertainty there is in the world. Again, we are not seeing any significant change from what we have reported to you so far this year. We saw particular strength and above average growth in our scientific instruments business, our specialty diagnostics business and our BioPharma Services business. From a market point of view, our major life sciences and healthcare end markets remained strong in general with particular strength and demand from CROs. Biotech demand for research products is also very robust but demand for bioprocessing products used in drug production continues to be weak. Our industrial markets are holding their own very nicely with high commodities pricing continuing to drive spending and investments by our customers. And then in Q2, sales in our much talked about safety catalog business were flat compared with last year and as a result did not create the headwind for us in organic growth that it did in earlier quarters. The impact of declines we have seen in this business should be less significant going forward. Again, I believe our size, breadth of portfolio especially our large percentage of consumables, and our global presence give us a key advantage. All of this makes us less vulnerable to market shifts. We also have the resources to continuously invest in the business to develop new technologies and penetrate new markets that allow us to capitalize some opportunities for growth. So let me spend a couple of minutes talking about a few of the new developments in our business that will contribute to our growth going forward. First, new products, those of you who attended ASMS, the leading conference on Mass Spectrometry, know that we had a very strong showing again this year. These instrument system are sold under our Thermo Scientific brand. The highlights included two break through systems that expand the use of high end analytical tools to more users and applications. Firstly, our new vantage is the latest addition to our successful line of Triple Quad Mass Spectrometry system delivering up to ten times more sensitivity for our Life Sciences customers who continue to demand more accurate analysis for their cutting edge protein research. Secondly, our new executive LCMS system on the other hand leverages our successful Orbitrap technology in a Benchtop system that is easy for non specialists to operate. It delivers the high resolution, sensitivity and mass accuracy needed to meet analytical challenges in a range of applications. So these new systems generated a lot of excitement at the conference and the feedback since then has been extremely positive. Customers are gaining hands-on experience with them in our demonstration labs around the world and these instruments have already started shipping in Q3. A quick word on acquisitions, we continue to augment our internal developments with acquisitions that offer complimentary technologies or greater access to new markets. You may recall last quarter, our Bio Sciences business launched our new excel Gene-Silencing Technology which extends the use of synthetic RNAi by making it possible to deliver these reagents into more types of cells. Well, this quarter we strengthened our leadership in RNAi with the acquisition of Open Biosystems. This business which has about $15 million in revenues adds a complimentary line RNAi technologies to our existing portfolio. We can now provide scientists with the post comprehensive RNAi tool kit to accelerate the discovery of new therapies in neuroscience, immunology, stem cell science and oncology. Just last week, our Bio Scientist business also acquired Affinity BioReagents, a small but leading provider of antibodies, peptides and proteins with revenues of $6 million. This acquisition give us new opportunities to create complete solutions for widely used research applications by combining an extensive BioReagents portfolio with our current Proteomics, 0:32, 5 offerings. We also acquired the analytical and environmental instrument businesses of Chemito to strengthen our presence in India. This is another in a series of investments we have made to expand our footprint in that growing market. And, I will ask Marc Casper, our COO, to say a few words about our activities in India. Marc?
Marc N. Casper: Thanks Marijn. We continue to make significant investments to strengthen our presence in India, a market we participated in with the direct presence since 2000 through our laboratory equipment and consumables business. We began to accelerate our expansion there in 2005 when we opened our state-of-the-art demonstration laboratory in Mumbai. Since then, we have been building our commercial organization, begun construction of a large clinical packaging facility in Ahmedabad and supplemented those activities with two acquisitions in Mumbai in the past year. This is all in an effort to serve the rapidly growing life sciences and industrial markets in that country. So what do we gain from these investments? We became the leading supplier of laboratory chemicals to research markets in India with our acquisition of Qualigence in September 2007. This business added about $25 million to our annual revenues. Our recent acquisition of two divisions of Chemito totaling approximately 10 million in annual revenues, gives us a strong position in India in Gas Chromatography and UV-Vis technologies. It is local manufacturing capabilities, and the deep sales and service presence. To me it not only allows us to better penetrate the growing analytical and environment instrument market in India, but should allow us to offer these low-cost instruments in other emerging markets. Last, our new clinical packaging facility is on track to open in Q4, the result of a $17 million capital program we initiated last year. When completed this 150,000 square foot facility will help us to meet growing demand for biopharma logistics outsourcing services, in response to the increasing number of clinical trial patients in India. These ongoing investments that we have made at Thermo Fisher, really positions us as the leading life sciences company in India by far. Once the clinical packaging facility is open, we'll have more than 20 facilities and offices, and roughly 625 employees across the country, putting us in an excellent position to capitalize on India's future growth. We're already seeing the return on our investments there. Year-to-date we've grown more than 40% over 2007 not including acquisitions, with a run rate for the year of approximately $125 million in revenue. With that, I'll turn the call back to Marijn Dekkers.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thank you, Marc. Indeed, a very exciting market for with excellent growth prospects. So let me wrap it up by reviewing our guidance for 2008. After completing a strong first half, we remain confident in the full year guidance we gave you last quarter. We are maintaining our revenue estimate of $10.6 billion to $10.7 billion for 2008, which would lead to 9% to 10% growth over our 2007 results. And then based on our adjusted EPS performance to date we are increasing the low end of our guidance by $0.4 to a range of $3.11 to $317 for the full year. And this would lead to 17% to 20% adjusted EPS growth over 2007. So with that I am going to turn the call over to our CFO, Peter Wilver, for his financial review. Pete?
Peter M. Wilver: Thanks, Marijn. Good morning, everyone. As Marijn said, we had another record quarter with 22% growth in our adjusted earnings per share to $0.79 compared to $0.65 in Q2 last year. GAAP earnings per share in Q2 were $0.57 up from $0.37 in the prior year's quarter, primarily as a result of improved operating performance and favorable discontinued operations. Our press release contains a detailed reconciliation between GAAP and adjusted EPS. Revenues in Q2 increased 14% year-over-year to $2.71 billion. Organic growth was 8% excluding the favorable currency translation of 4% and acquisitions net of divestures of 2%. Organic revenue growth in the quarter particularly in our consumable businesses was enhanced by one day or close to 1% as a result of a shift in the Easter holiday to Q1, as we described on last quarters call. Going forward, Q3 will have the same number of days as last year and Q4 will have two more days. Bookings were in line with revenues in the quarter. In the Analytical Technology Segment Q2 revenues rose 14% on a reported basis and 8% organically. In the quarter we saw strong organic growth across our life sciences and health care markets. Our industrial markets grew at below the average, but at a pace consistent with the past few quarters. New products continue to be a growth driver specifically in our scientific instruments, environmental instruments, molecular diagnostics and life science research product lines. In the laboratory products and services segment, Q2 revenues also increased 14% on a reported basis and 8% organically. Notables in the quarter were our biopharma logistics services business which delivered mid-teens organic growth and our safety catalogue business which was flat year-over-year. By geography, we saw a strong organic growth across all our major regions with the exception of Europe which grew in the low-single digits, again strong growth than the year ago quarter. North America grew at slightly below the company average and Asia Pacific grew in the mid-20s. The rest of the world grew at around 35% albeit from a relatively small base. Q2 adjusted operating income increased 18% year-over-year to $477 million. Adjusted operating margin up from 17.6% up 60 basis points from 17% n the year ago quarter. The margin expansion was driven by pull through on our incremental organic revenues including increased prices, integration synergies and global sourcing and productivity initiatives. This expansion was partially offset by increased inflationary pressure in raw materials and transportation costs, slightly unfavorable business mix and 20 basis points of dilution from higher stock-compensation expense. Analytical Technologies Q2 adjusted operating income increased by 21% year-over-year and adjusted operating margin was 21.1% up 130 basis points versus 19.8% last year. Laboratory products and services Q2 adjusted operating income increased by 14% and adjusted operating margin was flat with the prior year at 14%. Margin expansion in this segment was negatively impacted by direct material inflation, net of pricing increases, and unfavorable foreign exchange on our European manufacturing cost base. Adjusted gross margin was 41.3% in Q2 up 30 basis points from 41% in the year ago quarter, primarily as a result of volume leverage and the impact of our sourcing and productivity initiatives. We are continuing to see increased inflationary pressure on our raw material costs, primarily in steel, raw resin and plastics. We're also experiencing higher fuel and freight costs, a large position of which we've been able to offset in the form of fuel surcharges and increased freight billings. Direct material inflation in the quarter negatively impacted gross margin by about 40 basis points, this inflation was offset by our global sourcing initiatives. However, we did not see the same level of margin expansion that we have seen in the past as a result of the higher inflation. We expect raw material inflation to remain a challenge for the remainder of 2008. And we put in place additional sourcing and pricing actions to offset the expected impact. However, the net result is likely to be somewhat dilutive to our gross margin rate. Adjusted SG&A was 21.3% of revenue in Q2 down 30 basis points from 21.6% in the year ago quarter, primarily as a result of volume leverage and integration synergies, partially offset by growth investments and higher stock-compensation expense. R&D expense was 2.4% in Q2 down 10 basis points from the year ago quarter, primarily as a result of volume leverage. Adjusted net interest expense was $22 million in Q2 down $1 million from the prior year, primarily as a result of a reduction in our net debt and a slightly more favorable interest rate environment. Other income was a loss of $1 million down $3 million from the prior year, primarily as a result of currency translation losses on foreign entity cash, and a $1 million write-down related to our $9 million portfolio of auction rate securities. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 23.6% in line with our full year 2007 actual and 2008 forecast rates of 24%. The Q2 2008 adjusted tax rate was down 0.6% from the prior year, primarily as a result of the tax planning we implemented during 2007 and early 2008. Average diluted shares were 437 million for the quarter down 9 million from last year, reflecting the benefit of the share buyback program we initiated in Q3 2007 and completed last quarter. In terms of balance sheet performance, we ended the quarter with $1 billion in cash and investments up $272 million from Q1, as our free cash flow and proceeds from stock-options were partially offset by cash used for acquisitions. Our total debt was $2.2 billion essentially flat with Q1. We had strong working capital performance in the quarter. Accounts receivable days sale outstanding was 53 days down one day from the prior year and down three days from Q1 and inventory days of supply was 72 days down four days from the prior year and down three days from Q1. Year-to-date Q2 cash flow from continuing operations was $590 million and after deducting net capital expenditures of $104 million free cash flow from continuing ops was $486 million. Moving on to our 2008 guidance, we are maintaining our previous revenue guidance of $10.6 to $10.7 billion, which represents 9% to 19% growth versus our 2007 actual revenue of $9.75billion. This guidance reflects current exchange rates, incremental revenues from our recently announced acquisitions, and a reduction of approximately $20 million related to the recent two-year extension of our health care catalog businesses contract with Inverness Biosite. The 2008 earnings impacts related to the Biosite product contract revenue reduction is less than $0.5. In 2009, we expect an incremental reduction of approximately $60 million in revenue related to this contract, for a total annualized reduction of approximately $80 million in revenue from our current run-rate. In terms of adjusted EPS, we are increasing the low ends of our guidance by $0.04, resulting in our current guidance of 3.11 to 3.17, which represents 17% to 20% versus the 265, we recorded in 2007. With that I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank.
Mike Dauchy: Hey guys, Mike Dauchy [ph] here for Ross. He is another call, but congratulations on a great quarter.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thanks, Mike.
Mike Dauchy: I want to talk a little bit about some of the raw material stuff you mentioned, some of the sourcing initiatives you are taking. How quickly will those take shape and could you talk a little more about those versus the pricing impact you have and some of the offsets you're making?
Peter M. Wilver: Well, in terms of the sourcing initiatives, those are something that we have been working on since the beginning of Thermo Electron eight years ago. So, it is not anything new for us, but we are initiating some incremental actions to try to help offset some of the inflation that we are seeing. And as you mentioned, we are raising prices in some specific businesses to try to offset that. What we expect to see is, probably a slightly negative impact in Q3 in terms of the net of those actions and then in Q4, to essentially make it all backup in the quarter with maybe a little bit extra to offset what we missed in Q3. So in terms of dollars, we are talking in the single millions of dollars of hurt in Q3 and maybe a couple of million benefit net, when you get to Q4.
Mike Dauchy: That's what we saw, but just wanted to clarify. And then just talk a little bit more about the emerging markets. China has been a stronger market for you post Thermo Fisher merger and India is showing tremendous growth. Can you talk about a little more about any more of the emerging markets you are seeing pockets of growth and what are the next strong opportunities for you?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes, Mark this is Marijn. Obviously, China and India have been very good. Other areas are places like the Middle East. Quite a lot of investment going into new universities that are being built in Saudi Arabia, for instance, or just in general, you know, with supporting infrastructure with hospitals, universities, and then also petrochemical industries that is doing very well there. We are also seeing very good demand in countries that are particularly strong in mining, minerals. So, places like Australia, Chile, Russia who are booming right now from a materials point of view. We see strong demand for instrument systems that help them analyze, what it is that they are mining.
Mike Dauchy: Great. Well, thanks again and congratulations again on a great quarter.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thank you.
Peter M. Wilver: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Groberg with Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Groberg: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking the call.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Good morning.
Jonathan Groberg: Congratulations as was said. By all indications, it was a phenomenal, phenomenal quarter. I think one question people will have is probably, if anything that would put a little bit of a lid on a great quarter is the guidance that you gave. So, can you maybe just explain, are you seeing anything different in your and, is this kind of a cautious view just given, you said the headline news you read in the newspapers and not knowing what's going to happen in terms of the top-line that you're maintaining given the very good growth obviously this quarter and then maybe some of the margin things you've talked about on the bottom end. I'm just trying to better understand if you're expecting things to slow a little or if this is just kind of cautious given you want to be conservative?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Jon, I will take the question. So that from the 30,000 feet point of view, we did raise the bottom end of our EPS margin by $0.04 and being two quarters into the year, we feel comfortable about that. We raised our overall guidance range by $0.02 last quarter, so we are sitting in the middle of the year. We have had a very good first half. We are confident that we have a very good second half. But at the same time with the material, raw material pressure, our ability to pass on pricing increases, the overall uncertainty around the industrial economy, there is enough uncertainty in the world and therefore insubtleties [ph] around our P&L that we say, lets just stay where we are for now.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. And how... can you just describe the process... there was a lot of concern going in about the rising cost of oil-based products. Can you maybe just describe, the lag of, how that works? For example, oil prices have fallen quite dramatically over the last little bit.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes.
Jonathan Groberg: And so how that would kind of flow throughout a given year and how you have kind of prepared for it at the beginning of the year and where you are today?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes. The way it works is, these price increases work themselves through the system, very often relatively slowly. For instance, oil has been going up for quite awhile but it was only two or three months ago that, for instance, a company like Dow Chemical said, we just cannot take these increases any more and not really very aggressively try to pass them on. So, they came out with a 20% to 25% price increase across the board, I think it was three months ago. A month later another 20% to 25% price increase on certain plastics resin across the board. So, they reached a point where they said, okay, some contracts are expiring, we need to start passing this stuff on. And that's when we as resin buyers become affected by it pretty much sometimes six to nine months later because it gets held up with the plastic resins manufacturer, okay. So, these pricing systems work themselves through the system from one to the next, to the next supplier customer relationship. We are right now in the middle of the storm of getting these price increases from our suppliers and our job is to find ways to pass these increased costs on to our customers. And that also leads to some delay again, more with some customers than with others. But if we have contracts, we cannot just abruptly increase prices. So, it takes time and that's why oil now is suddenly going down by $20. Isn't going to rapidly reverse it.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. I didn't know, if as you see oil coming down if some of the price increases they have announced maybe don't stick because customers start saying, no, look, oils coming down. We have our own demand issues. I assume you are not, more a price taker in general on some of these resin-based products?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes. I think everybody understands how this works itself through the system. The increase in resin prices have been so well documented that all of our customers know that this is reality and it is not something that we are making up. This is really there. And that's also why sometimes having these price increases take hold, takes some time because customers want to be convinced that indeed you are as a supplier experiencing that cost pressure. I don't think there is any question.
Jonathan Groberg: Just relative to Q2 then of what you saw, and what you are expecting, Pete, as you were describing in Q3, it seems like you are impacted to some degree in Q2, but you were able to have start pretty good gross margin expansion. Do you expect a bigger impact in Q3 relative to Q2?
Peter M. Wilver: I think the impact will be slightly bigger in Q2, excuse me in Q3 than it was in Q2. But at the same time we have already initiated some mitigating actions. So, it's not going to be a dramatic change. Again, talking single digit millions probably, which on our revenue base is not a huge margin impact.
Jonathan Groberg: Right.
Peter M. Wilver: The thing to keep in mind though just, one of the comments I made about it being dilutive to our gross margin. If we get 10 million of price increases for raw materials, we pass it 100% to the customers, it doesn't affect our gross margin dollars, but it does dilute our rate because we basically get revenue at zero margin.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay.
Peter M. Wilver: So, it is not hurting our guidance in our earnings per share, but it affects the rate a little bit.
Jonathan Groberg: And, then last question. You mentioned that the Biotech Manufacturing business, your Bioprocess business, you still expect that to recover some here in the second half?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yeah, I think that at some point, maybe not in the third quarter but certainly in the fourth quarter the comparisons are going to get easier, because then we will, this has been going on for two, maybe three quarters. So I think, in other quarter, probably relatively weak in Q3 and then Q4 should be better.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks Marijn. Congratulations, very outstanding quarter.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thank you Jon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin with UBS.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys this is Dennis for Derik.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Morning. Just thinking about the use of cash. Obviously your, guidance assumes no share purchases, but you announced the buyback authorization in I believe last August. I was wondering whether you guys might be willing to comment on whether we could see something similar in terms of timing this year.
Marijn E. Dekkers: We don't really want to comment on our share purchase strategy. I can make a general comment on uses of cash. Our top priority for the use of cash is to do acquisition and you are seeing, we have been doing some smaller strategic acquisitions that are well positioned in terms of technology additions or access to markets like what Marc Casper was talking about with India. So that's the use of our cash and that's the preferred use of our cash, but we don't exclude other buyback programs. There is just not one ongoing right now.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you. Looking at cash again, I know that you said that you had an interest expense reduction on the quarter, but it also looks like interest income came up by about 50%. I was wondering whether that's due to anything more than just simply cash in the bank?
Peter M. Wilver: No, as I said there is a slightly more favorable interest rate environment, but it's primarily the incremental cash.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay thanks.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning guys. This is actually Matt for Quintin. Congratulations on the quarter.
Peter M. Wilver: Thank you.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thank you, Matt.
Unidentified Analyst: Marijn just quickly, touching on some of the markets could you talk a little bit about what you are seeing on the academic market front?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yeah. I mean, think that academic is, it's okay. It's not super robust. NIH is not really a fantastic number. It is sort of flattish as you know. But that's said, I think that we are in a good place in terms of getting a good portion of what NIH is spending because a lot of the spending goes to new life sciences applications, biomarkers, Proteomics, RNAi technology, stem cell research to some extent. And being, in those sort of hot spots right now helped us get us maybe more than a fair share of the NIH funding overall. And I have also made the comment in the past, something we don't really keep track of because it's so hard to keep track of it, but it plays definitely a role, is that there are a lot of charitable gifts, large charitable gifts to life sciences research, healthcare research, universities, new laboratories that are being built with significant money donated by wealthy people that fuels the demand for laboratory equipment, laboratory instruments. And we don't really count it, but it is a really, sort of nice part of the academic growth story.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you for that color. Just moving back to Asian growth has been really nice here. Have you been able to kind of draw a line in terms of how the catalog release in China is favorably impacting that business here and kind of the early returns there?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes. The catalog that we came out with three months ago is not really impacting these phenomenal numbers at this point. It's way too early for that. I mean, we hope in the future that it will begin to contribute, but it has contributed a little bit in the second quarter but not in a meaningful way to affect these numbers. The catalog is pretty simple. Legacy Fisher had a very, very tiny position in China and in India from a catalog point of view. And we have aggressively, first in China gone out and put a catalog together in the Chinese language and we expect that over time we will start gaining share there in a market that is about, we estimate $800 million on laboratory consumables at the moment just in China.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you for that and congratulations again.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Lawson with Thomas Weisel.
Peter Lawson: Good morning. I wonder if you could talk about the turns in the pharma at the moment with the kind of weak Biotech funding market and cutbacks in spending that are affecting you.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Peter, could you repeat the question, please.
Peter Lawson: I wonder, if you could talk about the turn in the Pharma market with a weak Biotech funding and cutbacks in spending? How has that been affecting you?
Marijn E. Dekkers: We have not really seen weakness in Biotech spending other than what I was commenting on in Biotech processing for the production of drugs. But from an R&D demand point of view of view it has been very robust. And pharma, I was mentioning we are growing significantly with our top 20 customers. A lot of them are obviously large pharma and we are doing very well on average with large pharma customers. We believe that we are gaining share with those customers. So we may be seeing some conservativism with large pharma in very high ticket capital good items in Q2, but other than that, pharma demands have been very good.
Peter Lawson: What's the M&A environment like, and what do you think the likelihood is of further consolidation in the Life Sciences spaces going to be going forward and what kind of impact, I'm thinking about coming from ABI and (inaudible) Bill.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Well, I think... and I have always said this... when I joined this industry eight years ago, I couldn't believe how fragmented the industry is, how unconsolidated, how many players there were. Now its eight years later, I still cannot believe how fragmented this industry is. It's less fragmented than eight years ago, but compared to any other industry it's still a highly fragmented industry quite honestly. Just goes to one of the trade shows, Sitcom or Analytica that happened just a few months ago and you walk around and say my goodness how can all these company exist in one industry? So I believe that there will be further consolidation going forward. It just makes sense from an industry dynamics point of view.
Peter Lawson: You are kind of expecting to see more kind of ABI and (inaudible) deals going forward?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Well, I don't know. I can't comment on exactly what would happen, but I would say in general some consolidation will continue I would think.
Peter Lawson: Okay. Thank you so much. I will hop back into the queue.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Isaac Ro with Leerink Swann. Issac Please go ahead with your question. Could you press your mute button.
Isaac Ro: Yeah. Thanks for reminding me. I think, I was thinking the question. I think in the past month, you talked a little bit about having a couple quarters with visibility ahead of material economic slowdowns, and I know it is a very macro type of question, but I'm wondering, would you still say that's the case today and if so how do you feel about 2009 for your end markets in the industrial segment?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes, this is on a certain segment of our products and process instruments, where we provide instrumentation that goes into either capacity expansion of existing plants or new plants that are being built to basically do the in-line quality control of say a refinery or something like that, basically a chemical process. And I would say that we see no decline in terms of the next two quarters in that area. And we relate that to just still exceptionally high-commodity pricing. People have decided to expand their capacity, and they've decided that three months ago, and they are drawing up the plans, they begin to order this equipment. But the lead time on that is sometimes six months or so because they can only receive that equipment when they have made some good progress with building the plant. So we come in as a last moment sort of just before the plant gets started up. And that's why we have some visibility from a backlog point of view. But those decisions have been made already in the past. We just know that our sales will be there for the next few quarters in that particular area. And as I said, you know, this continues to be strong because commodity prices are high.
Isaac Ro: Sure, okay. Thanks. And then, just regarding the Asian marketplace. Could you qualify maybe a little bit how that growth is driven when you compare sort of new lab build outs versus maybe incremental share gains? And then secondly on that question, how would you characterize the nature of your product mix there, has that evolved in a meaningful way in the last two or three years?
Marijn E. Dekkers: I'll start with the last one first. Given the tremendous focus that we've had in the legacy thermo business on places like China, the mix in terms of scientific instruments and laboratory equipment is higher in those countries than laboratory consumables. Okay, now, that will gradually change. But right now, I would say the mix is richer in sort of the legacy thermo electron product line. And it is a very, very wide range of applications there in China. To begin with the obvious, environmental applications are very, very, key, the build out of life sciences laboratories, university laboratories, hospitals is key, and the third one, that's very strong right now, is anything that's related to food quality monitoring, with some of the hiccups that the Chinese exports have had in terms of food safety. So it's a wide range of applications. And I would just say that China is really strong across the border.
Isaac Ro: Thanks a lot.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Wood with Banc of America.
Jon Wood: Thank you. Pete, given the better working capital performance in the quarter what's keeping you from raising the cash outlook for the year?
Peter M. Wilver: I should have expected that question from you, Jon.
Jon Wood: Better than ten questions on the mid-single millions of inflation issue.
Peter M. Wilver: Right. It's basically I've given guidance of about $1.2 billion of cash flow for the year. If we're going to beat that number, it will be in the working capital area. But we do have a lot of headwind versus last year on taxes, that's we're just paying more cash taxes this year than we paid in 2007. So at this point the working capital metrics are better. But if you look at the cash usage on working capital it is actually up significantly versus last year. At this point, I'm not sure whether that's because of where the quarter ended, which this year we kind of got dinged both in Q1 and Q2, then the last calendar day was outside of our fiscal calendar. So if things go well in Q3 I will raise the number.
Jon Wood: Okay. And then, CapEx I mean you're running a bit below annualized guidance.
Peter M. Wilver: Yes.
Jon Wood: Are you still looking for 230 to 240?
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, it's definitely going to be in that range, 250 I think is the guidance that I've given in the past.
Jon Wood: Okay. And then Marijn, back on the momentum in the top-20, can you give us or quantitate somewhat that growth profile. I mean is it in excess of 10% organically?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes, I want to be careful with that because it's such a small number of customers. So competitively I want to be careful with that. But if I say we have 8% organic growth. If I say that we are significantly outgrowing the average of the company I think you can conclude that it's higher than 10.
Jon Wood: Okay. And where is... I mean where is that share coming from, are you consolidating more product to the channel, is it coming from other distributors, what's your sense of where that's coming from?
Marijn E. Dekkers: I think it's a very broad based growth. First of all I think that those large customers want to consolidate their purchasing with fewer suppliers. We are obviously there with a very focused sales executive team at each of these customers to make them very aware of what Thermo Fisher can offer, help them make it easier to do business with us. So I think just our focus and our size is making them do more business with us. We go really the extra mile for these plenty of customers. So, that's one. And then I think there is also a number of programs that we have initiated around standardization at some customers where you say we can help you standardize your purchases. Have less fragmentation in the types of products you buy and that is also beginning to contribute.
Jon Wood: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sheng Chi Nem [ph] with JPMorgan.
Sheng Chi Nem: Hi guys, sitting here Tycho today. Thanks for taking the question. First question is for your, going back to your top 20 accounts. Could you to the extent that you can breakout kind of the rough breakdown of the accounts by end markets in geography.
Peter M. Wilver: I will try. It is a typical suspect... the usual suspect, I guess. It is basically when you say large pharma, large Biotech are in there. And some of the larger reference labs. So, I would say probably 65% of that is in the US and 35% in Europe.
Sheng Chi Nem: And then could you also comment on your overall mass spec business, given kind of the new product line, to increasing product line to how done all those things competitively. If it is taking market share and also kind of comment on pricing?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes, I mean mass spec is, it continues to be a very good story for us. As I was mentioning in my comments we came out with again some exciting new... new platforms at ASMS, which we have had very good reaction to. Now, I think that in terms of share... I believe we are gaining share in this market. It is in the end hard to know because most competitors including us don't specifically comment on growth in mass spec, but from what we are seeing and what we are hearing and the feedback we get at the ASMS surveys, we believe that we are continuing to gain share. And have done so quite honestly for the last four to five years. I think from a pricing point of view this is not a price sensitive market in general with maybe a few exceptions in some certain industries or certain product lines. But in general life sciences researchers are very keen on having the best instrumentation and why do all the work if you then put your sample into mass spec, that doesn't give you the answers that are truly available today. So, there is a strong demand from the high end researchers to really want to have the best possible equipment. And that drives the replacement cycle that works in our favor.
Sheng Chi Nem: Great. Thank you.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Marijn E. Dekkers: Okay. No more questions?
Operator: I'm not showing any questions.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Okay. All right. Let me just make a quick closing comment. As you've heard, record performance in Q2, very strong first half. We believe as a result of that we are well positioned to meet our growth goals for the year. We continue to invest in new products and new markets that will contribute to our growth in the future. And want to thank you for your support for being on the call today and we look forward to reporting on our progress again after Q3. So again, thank you for listening.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Good day

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. I would now like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call today we have Marijn Dekkers, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Marc Casper, Executive Vice President; and Pete Wilver, our Chief Financial Officer. Please be aware that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website, thermofisher.com, until May 23rd, 2008. To reach the replay of the call on our website, click on Investors, then Webcasts & Presentations. Please also be aware that a copy of the press release setting forth our first quarter 2008 earnings and future expectations is available on the Investors section of our website under the heading Quarterly Results. With that, I would like to begin by reading the Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 under the caption Risk Factors, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change and therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. During this call, well be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting practices or GAAP. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures used on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release setting forth our first quarter 2008 earnings and future expectations and in the tables accompanying such releases in the Investors section of our website, thermofisher.com under the heading Quarterly Results. Related information is also available in the Investors section of the website under the heading Webcasts & Presentations. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Marijn.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thank you, Ken, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us for our review of the first quarter of 2008. I'm very pleased to report that we are off to a good start for the year. We had strong financial performance in the quarter and a lot of exciting developments that will contribute to our growth going forward. So, let me give you an overview of our results, some comments on what we're seeing in our markets, and talk about a number of recent business highlights. First, the financial highlights. Since we completed our first full year at Thermo Fisher Scientific in 2007, our results can now be compared on an apples-to-apples basis, no more need for pro forma comparison. Our Q1 revenues grew 9% to a record $2.6 billion. Adjusted EPS rose 25%, adjusted operating income increased 19%, and we continued our trend of significant adjusted operating margin expansion with 140 basis points of improvement. So, we believe we delivered a strong quarter even though we lost between 1% and 2% of our revenue growth year-to-year because we had fewer days in the first quarter of 2008. We are very pleased with the way our financial business model is working. From our top line growth, we are able to pull through significant earnings growth and margin expansion. In addition, our focus on operating discipline and continued productivity, as well as synergies from acquisitions further strengthens our profit margins. An important part of our business model and I want to emphasize this, as I did last quarter, is that we run the company by striking a balance between our four key financial metrics; top line growth, operating margins, EPS, and free cash flow. We believe that this balanced approach is the best way to create shareholder value over the long term. So, moving on to the markets. Let me say a few words on what we are seeing at this point in the year. Our major life sciences and healthcare end markets remained strong and overall, we have not experienced any change from what weve seen over the past few quarters. The safety market, however, continues to be very weak, specifically the Domestic Preparedness segment, which led to poor results in that part of our catalog business. We also saw some softening of demand in certain industrial markets late in the quarter, specifically oil and gas and semiconductor, which are both relatively small markets for us. So, apart from some weakness in the smaller markets, in general, we haven't seen any significant change. I'm confident that our balanced mix of markets, global presence, products and services will limit our exposure to certain economic headwinds that we're hearing a lot about. This along with our proven operating discipline puts us in a strong position to deliver on our financial goals for 2008. So, a few words on new developments. Another advantage for us is that we have the resources to continue to build on our product portfolio and global presence to fortify our position as the world leader in serving science. We've had a number of exciting developments in the past few months that I want to spend a few minutes on. We had an excellent showing of new products at Pittcon and Analytica, and let me mention some of the highlights under our Thermo Scientific brand. One, we completely redesigned our Raman and FT-IR spectroscopy platforms to make these technologies available to the non-expert. These advanced techniques, which in the past were limited to specialists in lab, can now be used by just about any operator. For example, technicians in a busy forensic lab. Secondly in mass spectrometry, we launched new enhancements for our highly successful Orbitrap platform, adding MALDI and ETD capabilities for ever higher levels of sensitivity and mass accuracy. The Orbitrap with ETD allows scientists to significantly increase the number of proteins they can identify without increasing the experiment time. The Orbitrap with MALDI is especially suited to the imaging of whole tissue samples to precisely understand, for instance, how new drugs may affect the brain and other organs. We also introduced a new atomic absorption spectrometer called the iCE 3000 Series. This new AA system is designed specifically for highly regulated laboratory environments such as food safety, environmental, pharma, and metals and materials applications. I have to say that between both of these conferences we have the strongest new product lineup ever in our history, which demonstrates our ongoing commitment to technology innovation. Our product development and marketing teams did a superb job to pull this up, and I am confident this will pay dividends in the future. There is a lot of innovation going on in our life sciences, consumables businesses as well and we had two great examples in the past few months. First, we introduced a breakthrough in RNAi technology that greatly simplifies the method for gene silencing during drug discovery. Our new Accell platform makes it possible for researchers to deliver siRNA directly into cells without using the delivery reagents, which can affect the results of their experiments. Because this can be applied to many types of cells, it opens the door for significant new biomedical and pharmaceutical research. And then in our microbiology business, we received FDA clearance for a new MRSA test called Spectra that can screen patients for staph infection when they are admitted to the hospital. Our test is highly accurate, provides results in 24 hours, is easy to administer and is very cost effective. This means that more medical facilities will use it and more patients will be protected from this life-threatening infection, which is often called the superbug. And then finally, we introduced our first Fisher Scientific catalog in Chinese, targeted specifically to the growing demands of customers in research, testing, and processing facilities in that country. This is a great opportunity for us to leverage our strong Fisher Scientific brand to establish a strong customer channel in China. We continue to see double-digit growth in Asian markets and are investing heavily to expand our presence there, primarily in China and India. The Chinese catalog is one example. Our acquisition of Qualigens Fine Chemicals last year is another example, making us the leading laboratory chemical supplier in India. In addition, construction of our new clinical packaging facility is underway and should begin shipping supplies this fall. So, final words on guidance before I hand it over to Pete. To wrap up here, we feel very good about our prospects for overall growth and fully expect to deliver on our financial goals for 2008. Last quarter, we said we expected to report revenue growth of 8% to 9% over 2007 and we now expect our revenues to be in the range of $10.6 billion to $10.7 billion for 9% to 10% growth. This is primarily the result of more favorable currency translation. Our increased revenue estimate also leads us to raise our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.02. We now expect to report a range of $3.07 to $3.17 for 2008, which is a 16% to 20% increase over 2007. So with that, I'll turn the call over to our CFO, Pete Wilver for his financial review. Pete?
Peter M. Wilver: Thanks, Marijn. Good morning everyone. During the first quarter of 2008, we realigned our product portfolio to transfer a few small businesses representing approximately $70 million in annual revenue from the Analytical Technologies segment to our Laboratory Products and Services segment. The 2007 data in our earnings release and in my comments today has been restated to reflect those changes. And since we completed our first full year as Thermo Fisher Scientific last quarter, we no longer have to talk about pro forma comparisons to the prior year. As Marijn said, we had another strong quarter with 25% growth in our adjusted earnings per share to $0.74 compared to $0.59 in Q1 last year. GAAP earnings per share in Q1 were $0.53, up from $0.31 from the prior years quarter, primarily as a result of improved operating performance and lower merger-related charges, partially offset by higher acquisition intangibles amortization. Our press release contains a detailed reconciliation between GAAP and adjusted EPS. Revenues in Q1 increased 9% year-over-year to $2.55 billion. Organic revenue growth in the quarter was 4%, excluding favorable currency translation of 4% and acquisitions net of divestitures of 1%. Organic revenue growth in the quarter, particularly in our consumables businesses, was negatively impacted by two days or between 1% and 2% as a result of a shift in the Easter holiday from Q2 and having one less day in the fiscal quarter as compared to Q1 2007. Bookings slightly exceeded revenues in the quarter by about 0.5%. In the Analytical Technologies segment, Q1 revenues rose 10% on a reported basis and 4% organically. In the quarter, we saw good organic growth in our life sciences and healthcare markets. However, a few of our smaller industrial markets showed some softness later in the quarter. Our new product introductions continue to be a growth driver, specifically in our mass spectrometry and environmental product lines. In the Laboratory Products and Services segment, Q1 revenues increased 9% on a reported basis and 4.5% organically. During the quarter, our research and healthcare catalogs and our biopharma outsourcing services business all exhibited strong growth. This was partially offset by continued top line weakness in our safety catalog business, which negatively impacted total company organic growth by approximately 1%. By geography, we saw organic growth across all our major regions with the exception of Europe, which was essentially flat against particularly strong growth in the year-ago quarter. North America grew at slightly below the company average and Asia-Pacific grew in the high-teens. The rest of the world grew at close to 30% albeit from a very small base. Q1 adjusted operating income increased 19% year-over-year to $447 million. Adjusted operating margin was 17.5%, up 140 basis points from 16.1% in the year-ago quarter. The margin expansion was driven by pull-through on our incremental organic revenues, including increased prices, our integration sourcing and productivity initiatives, and slightly lower stock compensation expense. Analytical Technologies Q1 adjusted operating income increased by 23% year-over-year and adjusted operating margin was 21%, up 220 basis points versus 18.8% last year. Laboratory Products and Services Q1 adjusted operating income increased by 15% and adjusted operating margin increased by 60 basis points to 13.9% as compared to 13.3% in the prior year. Adjusted gross margin was 41.1% in Q1, up 66 basis points from 40.5% in the year-ago quarter, primarily as a result of price increases net of inflation, volume leverage, and the impact of our sourcing and productivity initiatives. We are continuing to see increased inflationary pressure on our raw material costs, primarily in steel, copper, and plastics. Adjusted SG&A was 21.2% of revenue in Q1, down 66 basis points from 21.9% in the year-ago quarter, primarily as a result of volume leverage and integration synergies. R&D expense was 2.4% of revenue in Q1, down 13 basis points from the year-ago quarter, primarily as a result of volume leverage. Moving to below the line items, adjusted net interest expense was $20 million in Q1, down $8 million from the prior year, primarily as a result of reductions in our debt and increased cash. Other income was a loss of $1.5 million, down $3 million from the prior year, primarily as a result of currency translation losses on foreign entity cash. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 24.3%, in line with our full-year 2007 actual and 2008 forecast rate of 24%. The Q1 2008 adjusted tax rate was down 0.7% from the prior year, primarily as a result of the tax planning we implemented during 2007. Average diluted shares were 436 million for the quarter, down 5 million from last year and 4 million from the prior quarter, reflecting the benefit of the share buyback program we initiated in Q3 2007. During the quarter, we used $102 million to repurchase 1.8 million shares, which completes our outstanding $1 billion share buyback authorization, which resulted in a total repurchase of 18.2 million shares. In terms of balance sheet performance, we ended the quarter with $748 million in cash and investments, up $109 million from Q4, as our free cash flow was partially offset by share repurchases. Our debt was essentially flat with the prior quarter at $2.2 billion. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding was 56 days, up one day from the prior year. Excluding the quarter-end versus average impact of foreign currency translation, which ramped up significantly towards the end of the quarter, DSO was flat with the prior year. Inventory days of supply was 75 days, down one day from the prior year. Excluding the impact of average versus ending foreign currency translation, inventory days of supply improved by two days versus the prior year. Finally, Q1 cash flow from continuing operations was $243 million and after deducting net capital expenditures of $53 million, free cash flow from continuing ops was $190 million. Moving on to our 2008 guidance, we are increasing our full-year reported revenue guidance by $100 million to a range of $10.6 billion to $10.7 billion, primarily as a result of favorable foreign currency translation. This range represents 9% to 10% growth versus our 2007 actual revenue of $9.75 billion. We are also increasing our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.02 to a range of $3.07 to $3.17, as a result of the higher revenues, which represent 16% to 20% growth versus the $2.65 we reported in 2007. With that, Ill turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Marijn E. Dekkers: We are open for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Jonathan Groberg with Merrill Lynch. Go ahead, please.
Jonathan Groberg: Good morning, thanks for taking the call. Congratulations on a good quarter.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thank you Jonathan.
Jonathan Groberg: I just had a couple of questions, the first one relating to Pete's comments about commodities and we continue to see all of these prices go up at fairly rapid levels. So, I am wondering what's kind of the lag between when you are seeing that commodity price inflation show up in your manufactured products and your ability to pass on the prices to your customers?
Peter M. Wilver: Well, it impacts us mostly in the areas where we are fairly vertically integrated. So, we are actually buying the raw material and bending and painting steel and things like that. We see that impact relatively quickly in those areas and that we started to see it in the second half of last year and in Q1, it ramped up a little bit. We see it probably with a higher lag, where we are buying subassemblies and components that have those materials in them because our suppliers have a harder time passing those costs on to us. So, it's somewhat of a mix, but I would say, we are seeing the impact pretty heavily right now. I don't think there is another lag that well see, a bigger impact going into Q2 or Q3, if that's your question.
Jonathan Groberg: And do you think... are you able to pass that pricing on or are your prices for these types of items, is that an ongoing negotiation or do you have list prices that are going to last kind of throughout the year?
Peter M. Wilver: It's difficult to pass those costs on directly on those types of products. Certainly, our competitors are seeing the same thing that we are in those areas. So, if this continues on, certainly the market price should go up on those products, but in the near term it's hard to pass those cost increases on directly to customers.
Jonathan Groberg: But what youve seen in the last little bit, you are still comfortable with your kind of margin expectations for the year?
Peter M. Wilver: Certainly. Even though we saw pretty significant material cost and inflation, if you look at our net sourcing savings were still positive. So, we're saving more money on material than the inflation is costing us.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay, great. And then, Marijn, can you address there has been a lot of talk around the hospital-acquired infections and [inaudible] much about some of your diagnostic capabilities. But can you maybe address in a little more detail why you think that your MRSA solution is going to be well received by hospitals relative to some of the molecular tests that may be a bit more rapid out there?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Well, yes. It's just a price difference, our test cost about $3 and these rapid tests cost $30. And in some European countries, where this screening has started a number of years ago, that the number of infections, patients that get infected with the superbug in a hospital has not basically dwindled down to negligible levels. So, I mean it's very obvious that the screening upfront of patients coming into the hospital is the right thing to do to avoid these infections. But it's been incredibly expensive and we are now coming out with something that only cost $3, 10 times less than whats typically used on what is a more rapid test. So, we think there will be great reception for that price difference in the market and it will allow more hospitals this time screening it, even though it takes a day rather than just a few hours.
Jonathan Groberg: And what was the... I'm sorry the time difference previously, so this one I think is about 24 hours on your new test, I think, and in your press release you said and what was it previously?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Well, I think it has to do more with accuracy. So, you really get now a definitive result. I mean I think the previous tests were similar tests were also 24 hours, but much less definitive and you would have to do a follow-on test if you saw certain results, so that would make it take another 24 hours.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Well, now after 24 hours you have the definitive answer.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. Great, thanks a lot and congratulations.
Peter M. Wilver: Thank you, Jonathan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Derik De Bruin with UBS. Go ahead, please.
Derik De Bruin: Good morning.
Peter M. Wilver: Good morning, Derik.
Derik De Bruin: So, I've been getting a few questions about the product testing inspection market and some of the growth opportunities there, specifically it's like that... are these markets potentially more cyclical than some people expect given that the economies are under pressure? And also the fact is youve got the Beijing Olympics coming out and there is some concern that China might pull back in terms of the spending as it's happening? Just talk about how you see the product inspection and safety market, food safety market, something like that just expanding and... just a little bit in terms of what you see in the past through economic cycles in those markets?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes. Derik, its a very difficult question, actually a good question, a very difficult one, because I do not think that in the previous economic downturn cycle in 2001-2002 we were importing as much food and related items from China as a western world as we are today. So, the way I view it is, it's very hard to predict with absolute certainty how strong these markets will be by quarter. But I do believe that the world has gotten increasingly nervous about what's going on in terms of food quality inspections like we are just talking about, lead and paint, which was another, big to do a few quarters ago. And that the world is much more alert of what is safe, what's healthy, what's clean than even eight years ago. And I think it has a lot to do with the fact that the world has become a lot more global. There is much more easy transfer of products and goods across the world, including things that we put in our bodies. So, with that I think the need for compliance with western quality control systems for anybody who wants to import into the western country is going to be more and more relevant. And as you know, China and India are developing their economies, they will have to beef up their capabilities to meet these western standards. So, I don't think that's going to go away in an economic cycle necessarily if they want to continue to export.
Derik De Bruin: Okay, that's great. And I just want to kind of stick on the safety thing for a minute and go to the catalog safety business.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes.
Derik De Bruin: That's been... I mean that dog hasn't hunted since like Fisher had it back in 2005 and I'm just wondering when you are going to pull the plug on there? What's your expectations there?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Well, we don't... we won't pull the plug on it. And let me just explain what the situation is. We basically have a number of Fisher catalogs and you could say we have a research catalog, we have a healthcare catalog, and we have a safety catalog. And the safety catalog is by far the smallest one, has about $350 million of revenue, but it's completely integrated with the other catalogs. So, it's being served out of the same warehouses, the same back office, the same basic infrastructure that supports it. So, it's very... it's basically impossible to break it up, okay, if we would want to. And so what has happened is that the base business of that safety catalog is doing fine, it basically mostly serves laboratories or some industrial environments with safety gear. And it's doing fine just like the overall research catalog is doing well. That part that isn't doing well is anything that has to do with preparedness for terrorist attacks or fire or anything Homeland Security related, Army, things like that because the government is really not spending a lot of money right now here in the US on domestic preparedness and all the money is spent obviously overseas, okay. Now, we had a huge ramp up in spending in that area into 2002, 2003, 2004 time frames, very good times and now it's coming down and it's coming down very, very significantly. So, it's a small part of the business, but it's coming down a lot. But my point is, at some point it will level off to maybe next to nothing, but it will level off and that's not far away by the way, that time frame. And it's all supported through the same back office structure any way, so that there is no ability for us to carve it out or do something creative with it divested. It just it is what it is. And on the other hand, I hate to say this, but we're only one terrorist attack away from that business booming again, okay. So, it is serving a need, the business is there. We are capable of serving the customers when they need it, they just don't need the products right now. And it makes for a tough year-over-year comparison because as Peter said, it cost us 1% organic growth for the whole company. But it is what it is, and over time over as some quarters go by here in 2008, we will... we will see less decline, because it just cannot decline much further, quite honestly.
Derik De Bruin: Thanks for the color. But unfortunately, it doesn't make me feel any safer.
Marijn E. Dekkers: No, no, I can see that. And that was not the context of my comments.
Peter M. Wilver: The only point Derik is, that dog actually did hunt Q1 last year, that business actually showed growth last year. So, it was a really tough comparison, the comparisons, as Marijn said, get easier as we get through the year.
Derik De Bruin: Thanks.
Peter M. Wilver: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tony Butler with Lehman Brothers. Go ahead, please.
Tony Butler: Thank you very much. A couple of questions, Pete. You made a reference to some of the small industrial market end markets having slowed and then just like for you to explore exactly what those may be from a Thermo perspective? And then Marijn, last quarter you made reference to having pretty good visibility on at least six months out, maybe even a little longer on your overall business and now that we are at quarter end, can you make some more qualitative comments as it relates to your vision? Thanks, again.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Tony, the second question is also related to the industrial markets, I assume, the six months out?
Tony Butler: That is correct.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes. So, what we say, I'll take both questions because they are connected. We've seen, as I said in my prepared comments, particularly towards the end of the quarter some softness in some markets and they are relatively small markets for us. But semiconductor, basically anything that has to do with semiconductor equipment. Semiconductor production is very weak and also oil and gas was weak as an end market in terms of demand at the end of the quarter. Again, a small markets for us, but that's what we did see. The other markets have continued the way they are, basically still stimulated by high commodity pricing, that lets people to want to continue to invest in expansion of that capacity. And the comments Ive made in the past about our visibility in that is actually not that we have specific visibility, but we do have a relatively significant backlog typically in process-oriented applications. So, if people are going to be building a new mine or a new steel plant and commodity prices drop in the middle of that project, they are not going to just let it sit there half finished, they will finish it off. So, we then have an opportunity, even though commodity prices would have come down significantly, to deliver those orders, that iron backlog, and that's why there isn't an immediate effect from process instruments typically onto our revenue in a specific quarter. Does that make sense?
Tony Butler: It does, Marijn. Thank you very much.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thank you, Tony.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank. Go ahead, please.
Ross Muken: Hi, good morning gentlemen.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Good morning, Ross.
Peter M. Wilver: Good morning, Ross.
Ross Muken: I think the commentary on new product introductions is certainly encouraging. You guys have done a phenomenal job of this over the last few years. Are we getting to a point where it's going to be harder and harder to sort of move that metric that you guys track in terms of new product introductions comprising a certain percentage of current sales. Are we sort of hitting diminishing returns there? Is there still a lot of leg way to go? And then is that part of the reason gross margins exceeded and came in at such a high level for the quarter because typically you obviously get good pricing on sort of your new product introductions?
Marijn E. Dekkers: There is no end to our capability to come out with better and new products. There is no saturation there. I mean you have to work hard on it, but [inaudible] the same thing as saying that the first Apple Computer was the best it could ever be, there really is no end to innovation. And if you think about what our customers are trying to do in the laboratory, the complexity in terms of life science and how many questions are still unanswered in life sciences and healthcare. Then the complexity of precisely measuring things like the superbug and lead in toys that are already on the store of... in the store of toy manufacturers. I really don't see an end to the need for better new products and I don't see an end to our capability to deliver them. So, that process will be ongoing. There is a trend here that I think our customers want the products to be easier to use. Its harder and harder for them to hire first-class scientists or chemists or biologists to do to work in the laboratory, that has become more complicated. So, there is a lot of focus on not just how good of a quality experiment can you do, but how easy is it to do the experiments and that leads to a whole different set of innovation that are also fueling our future growth. And then you are right, I mean typically when we come out with a new product, we do sell it at higher margins than older products and it helps us drive our margin improvement. It has done that over the years and I believe it will continue to do so.
Ross Muken: And as we look at sort of the big pharma group as a customer, could you sort of compare contrast what you saw during the quarter in terms of their spending habits relative to sort of Analytical Tools versus Lab Products. Was there any sort of difference at buying pattern, especially sort of on the higher end of instrumentation of consumables and was there... the demand pattern sort of relatively stable throughout the quarter or did we sort of weak start and then maybe a stronger close to the quarter?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Well, it's a complicated question, but essentially we did well with large pharma in the first quarter as a company. And I think it has a lot to do with our specific focus at the corporate account level of tailoring to the needs of large pharma in particular because the strategy weve talked about in the past is, large customers are buying inefficiently and we are trying to help them buy more efficiently and that leads to some share gains for us. So, we did well with large pharma, at the same time I think some of our peers have said that in Europe, in particular, it was a slow quarter for higher-cost items in large pharma and we saw the same thing. So, we did see the same behavior in larger European pharma company of delaying... hopefully delaying orders.
Ross Muken: And I just want to sort of follow-up one quick thing to that. So, when you announced the Fisher deal, one of the longer-term stories on the revenue synergy line was obviously sort of the ability to continue to drive more share within the big pharma customer base and really focusing on sort of the top-20 accounts and being able to capture a bigger piece of that pie. Given your commentary around what you saw in first quarter, do you feel one year into the deal that you're finally starting to get some momentum relative to that effort and or maybe not sizeable amounts of revenue moving the needle really, but sort of to the point where you feel like that sort of initial thought is finally starting to manifest itself in your P&L?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes, I mean it is and its different for every different pharma, you cannot generalize. The pickup on that is different by account. Some pharma customers are very, very interested in doing this and are really working with us to drive a level of standardization of laboratory supplies that they haven't had before and others aren't maybe that interested at this particular point in time not because they are not interested in the efficiency that could come from it or the savings, but it's just not yet a priority for them. But as we've talked about before, Ross, we are a strong believer that even big pharma at some point will have to become an efficient buyer of all the goods and services that they buy and well be well positioned to serve them in that context.
Ross Muken: And just actually one sort of quick other follow-up. Relative to your commentary around sort of less selling days and around sort of the movement of the Easter into the March... March quarter, is that also, Pete, part of the reason why Europe was probably a little weaker maybe than sort of expected coming in relatively flat for the quarter despite having also a tough comp from last year?
Peter M. Wilver: Yes. Certainly, we don't have any way to [inaudible] prove that, but certainly you would expect the Easter holiday to have a bigger impact on Europe just because they tend to take more of an Easter week rather than one holiday.
Ross Muken: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Marijn E. Dekkers: But theyll make it up some other time.
Ross Muken: Great.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Sullivan with Leerink Swann. Go ahead, please.
John Sullivan: Hi, guys good morning. Can you hear me?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes.
John Sullivan: Great. A couple of quick ones. First of all, can you just talk about opportunity that you feel like is still available to you at the facilities level both from the Fisher deal and in your own business. Do you feel like you have significant consolidation opportunities still available to you?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes. John, good morning. Yes, we do. And that's been part of our cost synergy plan for the first three years after the merger. I think weve talked about... about eight factories that we felt that we could close strictly as a result of the merger between Thermo and Fisher. And that's into works. I mean the announcements have been made in most cases and this will be happening over the next day year-and-a-half.
John Sullivan: Thanks very much. And then could you talk about the hospital business just a little bit. And specifically I'm just wondering it's around 20% of your revenues. As a distribution channel, do you feel like you have a lot more room to put more products through to the hospital clients and is that a priority for you?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes. I mean the 20% is roughly 10% of it is 10%, half of it is our specialty diagnostics capability, which is all self-manufactured and diagnostic testing, anatomical pathology to microbiology, I was talking about things like that. And then the other half is a catalog, customer channel catalog that we have that services the healthcare market and that's the other half of the revenue. And if you ask about our abilities there to put more products through that catalog, certainly we believe we have a very strong franchise there and it has a very good reputation and we are having multiple discussions with suppliers to see if we can broaden the scope of what that catalog offers. So, we do believe we have opportunity there.
John Sullivan: And then just to kind of circle back to the first comment on the hospital business, obviously this MRSA test that was just approved, you already have full distribution capability for that test, right?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes.
John Sullivan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Okay. Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes is from Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird. Go ahead, please.
Quintin Lai: Hi, good morning.
Peter M. Wilver: Good morning.
Quintin Lai: As we are... just to follow-up on Ross' question, but to focus on the consumables side. This earnings season we've seen some pretty decent numbers on the pure play consumables companies. Then they also mentioned price increase, could you kind of decouple the maybe softness in European large pharma with respect to overall consumables and price?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Let me think about it. I mean the consumables business has a number of expectations [ph], high ends, life sciences, reagents and then you have the more routine consumables that are being used in laboratories. And I think your question must be related to high ends, life sciences, reagents if you compare it with some of the peers, right?
Quintin Lai: Yes, that's right.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes. So, I think that business is doing quite well, in general. But it depends very much... it's very application dependent, for instance anything that has to do with cell research is doing very well, cell science. Anything that has to do with RNAi is doing very well. Things that have to do with novel DNA sequencing doing well. But there are also other applications that are not growing so fast and they tend to be the more mature applications. So, it's hard to generalize because they are really... it's almost like... almost like whats in fashion on the consumables side in terms of growth. And you see, I think, more than an instrument a relatively big swing over a number of years of where people are spending the money. And it has, I think, a lot to do with scientists who don't work in cell biology or don't work in RNAi, for instance, deciding the best scenario they want to get into and really become new customers for consumables in that field.
Quintin Lai: Thank you for that. And then, Pete, with respect to cash flow guidance, forgive me, did you give... provide an update on that and could you give us a little bit more color on potential for a new authorization for share repurchase or future M&A?
Peter M. Wilver: I didn't provide updated guidance on the free cash flow. Last quarter, I had said something in the range of $1.2 billion. We had good cash flow in Q1, but nothing that would kind of indicate to me that we ought to go to change that number at this point. So, I stick with something in the range of $1.2 billion for the year and well assess it again at the end of Q2. In terms of the share buyback, we really don't talk about future plans on share buyback authorizations. Obviously, that's a Board decision. But, certainly with $750 million of cash on the balance sheet, certainly we have a strong M&A pipeline and our goal was always to use our cash on our balance sheet to create value for shareholders. So, I don't think you'll see that cash sitting around for a long time.
Quintin Lai: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is from Peter Lawson with Thomas Weisel. Go ahead, please.
Peter Lawson: Pete, what was the driver in gross margins in the quarter? What was the I wonder if you could quantify, was it was there pricing or volume or savings?
Peter M. Wilver: It splits about a third, a third, a third, between the pull-through on incremental organic, including price increases, integration synergies, and then the net of sourcing savings offset by inflation, and all of the productivity initiatives that we embark on with our PPI program.
Peter Lawson: And do you feel all three chunks sustainable for the year?
Peter M. Wilver: Certainly, yes.
Peter Lawson: And then Marijn on the oil and gas weakness, is that continuing into the second quarter, and is that mostly associated with high ASP weaknesses or is it across the board?
Marijn E. Dekkers: I dont know. I honestly don't know. It's too early to tell, to see whether or not that is systemic or not. It is a little bit of the surprise to me quite honestly because I wouldn't say that the oil and gas companies are really suffering right now, but maybe there is a level of saturation that they have reached in terms of their need for new instrumentation, this is process instrumentation particularly flow meter. So, thats too early to tell, Peter, too early to tell.
Peter Lawson: Okay. So, it wasn't just on high ASP equipment?
Marijn E. Dekkers: No, no. Actually to the contrary, it was more on some basic relatively routine instrumentation.
Peter Lawson: Right, okay. And then sorry, Peter, the amount of reclassification from the Analytical business, how much was that or what were the pro forma numbers?
Peter M. Wilver: It's about $70 million that moved on an annual basis from Analytical over to Laboratory Products and Services. And those numbers are in our analyst package that's out on the website.
Peter Lawson: Okay. Thank you so much.
Peter M. Wilver: Yes.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thanks, Peter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jon Wood with Banc of America Securities. Go ahead, please.
Jon Wood: Thanks. Marijn, has the acquisition pipeline changed at all thus far in '08? Are you seeing more properties available and have valuation expectations changed at all?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Maybe yes, slightly more available. I would say valuation expectations have not really changed, but obviously private equity is much less in the mix as it used to be as a potential competitor for those properties. So, valuation expectations may not have changed, but for smaller private companies the fact that there is really not a lot of private equity interference any more may help prices to be more reasonable.
Jon Wood: Has the size of the opportunities changed at all?
Marijn E. Dekkers: No, I mean most of them typically are between $10 million and $100 million, the tuck-in acquisition, and that's the majority of them and then whether or not a bigger company becomes available is I dont know, that's so hard to predict and the circumstances of that usually are unique company by company.
Jon Wood: Okay, great. On the clinical lab side, if I'm not mistaken you recently picked up the Quest [ph] contract, is that piece of business material and has it started yet?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes, its good business, its material in the sense that any new business we pick up is material to us, but no it's a very good contract and it has already started. Yes.
Jon Wood: Okay. And then one last one on the stock comp. Is that still expected to increase by three pennies this year?
Peter M. Wilver: No, it's probably going to be more like $0.01 for the full year. Q1 was particularly low. You cant take Q1 and multiply it by four and get the full year. You'll see a ramp up in Q2, Q3, and Q4.
Jon Wood: Okay.
Peter M. Wilver: Up to around I think its around $0.09 for the year.
Jon Wood: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tycho Peterson with J.P. Morgan. Go ahead, please.
Tycho Peterson: Hi, good morning.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Good morning, Tycho.
Tycho Peterson: I appreciate the additional color you guys gave on the... kind of the pharma spending trends. I guess the question is given the headlines about pharma in general kind of moving to reduce the global R&D footprint and the fact that you guys typically have pretty good early indicators with the workstations business. I mean are you seeing new lab space being built out or is most of the growth you're seeing coming from higher volumes at existing accounts?
Marijn E. Dekkers: No. I think the overall laboratory builds as far as we can tell because that's not not that easy to track. But as far as we can tell, it's relatively stable compared to 2007. So, there doesnt seem to be a big change there. I think the piece that a lot of people forget is that or forget or not always think about is that, of course, CROs are doing very well. They are building out lab space because they are basically doing work that before would happen at pharmaceutical companies. So, there is a shift there of work and therefore a shift of tools that come with it. And actually I said it before, that drives in some cases to an accelerated replacement cycle that I think our industry is benefiting from right now.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. In terms of some of the operating initiatives you've laid down in the past, in particular things like PPI. Can you give us a sense as to where we are maybe in the implementation of lower cost sourcing some of these initiatives? Theyve obviously been nice drivers of margin expansion. Where are we in the life cycles implementation and then also just in terms of divesting and trimming the portfolio, is that still a focus?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Well, on PPI and the other operational discipline areas like sourcing, local sourcing, rationalization of factory, that really stems from eight years of experience now on the Thermo side of driving that operational discipline. And we've sort of got them reinvigorated in terms of opportunities with the Fisher merger, because not all of the Fisher businesses have that level of operating discipline. So, we are implementing those principles, particularly PPI, into some of the legacy Fisher businesses. And that gives us a lot of opportunity to improve our processes for the next three years to five years, I would say, because it is not a turn of a switch. This is really an ongoing continuous improvement plan. On the divesting point of view, we are very happy with our portfolio. We'd like to strengthen it, we don't spend a lot of time thinking about divestitures quite honestly. I mean maybe some small loans here or there, but it will be very minor.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then finally, you had talked a while ago about the initiatives in disposable biomanufacturing. Can you give us a sense as to where we are in that business and how you view that opportunity plan out over the next year or two?
Marijn E. Dekkers: The opportunity is terrific, we believe, because it is done to grow more and more in the bioprocess area to disposable biomanufacturing rather than all these clumsy steel tanks that take forever to clean out. So, we have a very good position in terms of biodisposable reactors and the bags, the containers, things like that. We are actually expanding our capacity in Logan, Utah to serve that demand. So, that's going well. I do believe that overall the bioprocessing industry is in a little bit of a slowdown, which has I believe more to do with some individual issues with certain drugs at some of the biotech companies. But the long-term trend for that, I believe, is very positive.
Tycho Peterson: And do you see a lot of opportunity for pull-through, I guess, from that business maybe as you get specked [ph] into the process earlier on?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes. Because, it's the serum or the media and then the containers, the bags. I mean there... its huge these people are looking for an integrated solution when it's available.
Tycho Peterson: Okay.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Definitely. But it's not a laboratory, right? Its a... very often... we have a small pilot facility in the lab, but we are not just servicing the small pilot, different scales of the pilot facility, very small and then media. And then you sort of get into production. And this has showed some of the pilot plans are relatively separate from the laboratory environment. Of course, the specifications are done in the laboratory environment, so it's good to have that relationship. But then it sort of moves away from the lab into really an independent pilot plant facility and then real production later.
Tycho Peterson: So, I guess in terms of your detection capabilities, are there obvious derivative plays here for process monitoring and things like that?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes, there are. Yes.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thank you very much.
Kenneth J. Apicerno: I think we're out of time for questions. So, we will just wrap it up here. Marijn, do you have any closing comments?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Okay, yes, some really closing comments here. So, thank you again for being on the call and thanks for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. We believe we had a very strong performance this quarter again and are well positioned for the balance of the year. So, thanks and we are looking forward to update you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. That concludes the conference, you may disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call today, we have Marijn Dekkers, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Marc Casper, Executive Vice President and Pete Wilver, our Chief Financial Officer. Please be aware that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website thermofisher.com until March 7, 2008. To reach the replay of the call on our website, click on Investors, then Webcasts & Presentations. Please also be aware that a copy of the press release setting forth our fourth quarter 2007 earnings and future expectations is available in the Investor Sections of our website under the heading, Quarterly Results. I would like to begin the call by reading the Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions, under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements and as a result, important factors, including those discussed in the company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 29, 2007, under the caption Risk Factors which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available in the Investors section of our website, under SEC Filings. We also may make forward-looking statements about the benefits of the merger of Thermo Electron and Fisher Scientific including statements about future financial and operating results, the new company's plans, objectives, expectations and intentions and other statements that are not historical facts. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change and therefore you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. During this call we will be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures used on this call, to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in the press release setting forth our fourth quarter 2007 earnings and future expectations and in the tables accompanying such releases, in the Investors section of our website thermofisher.com, under the heading Quarterly Results. Related information is also available on the Investors section of our website, under the heading, Webcasts & Presentations. So with that, I would now like to turn the call over to Marijn.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thank you Ken. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our review of the fourth quarter of 2007 and the full year. I am sure you have seen our press release. It was another terrific quarter and that led to a very successful year for us, our first full year as Thermo Fisher Scientific. So let me get right to the financial highlights for both periods. For one last time, I am going to compare our 2007 revenue and operating performance, except EPS, to 2006 pro forma results as if Thermo and Fisher had been combined for all of 2006. So, for the fourth quarter, revenues grew to 12% to a record $2.62 billion, adjusted EPS was also a record for the quarter, increasing 33% to $0.76. Adjusted operating income for the quarter rose 27% and we also had another excellent quarter of adjusted operating margin expansion, up 200 basis points to 17.2%. And I remember, when we really began to run this company as a unified operating company back in 2001, our operating margins were not even 10%. So I am very pleased with the terrific progress we have been able to make consistently improving our profitability. And we are able to this by fully leveraging our top line growth including driving price, by capturing synergies from the merger with Fisher and we slightly exceeded our synergy targets in 2007. We are continuously improving our productivity through our company-wide Practical Process Improvement program called PPI, and we are constantly reviewing our product lines to read out those with less potential in favor of strong products that will contribute to growth. So our strong finish in Q4 led to excellent performance for the full year. Revenues for 2007 grew 10% to a record $9.75 billion. Adjusted EPS rose 39% to a record $2.65 even better than we expected. Adjusted operating income increased 25%. Our adjusted operating margin for the year expanded by 210 basis points to 16.8%, and we also generated $1.3 billion... over $1.3 billion of free cash flow. So very strong results for 2007, we are firing on all cylinders. I would like to make a quick comment here on our overall strategy for managing the company, so you understand what drives the business decisions we make. Basically, we look at four key financial metrics. We look at top line growth which includes organic growth complemented by strategic acquisitions. We look at operating margins and our overall goal is to expand our margins by an average of a 100 basis points every year. We look at earnings per share and free cash flow. And the point I want to stress is that we are factoring all of these metrics while we work for fully leverage our capabilities. And that really requires a balanced approach to managing the company. So could we do more in any single one of those four metrics? For instance could we drive top line growth higher or just be focused on margin expansion? Absolutely. But we are not doing that, because we believe that our ability to strike a balance is further leverage the capabilities of this company most optimally, and obviously that balance is focused specifically on creating share holder value. Now on to the balance sheet. We ended 2007 with a very strong balance sheet and even more important for using our cash wisely. We made a number of accretive acquisitions that also added about $240 million in revenues. These acquisition give us opportunities to create value by providing complementary technologies, or new commercial capabilities or by allowing us to expand globally or really any combination of these three. We continued to believe that the highly fragmented life and laboratory sciences industry continues to hold opportunities for acquisitions and we will explore those that are complementary to our business. During the year 2007, we also used about $900 million of our cash to repurchase our stock. So if you added all of, it's really been an incredible year. Not only did we have exceptional financial performance but we achieve it while successfully integrating acquisitions with $6 billion in revenues. Let me tell you, it's taken a tremendous amount of effort by all of our employees and we think they should all be proud of our result. Through the merger Thermo Fisher Scientific is redefining what it means to be an industrial leader. I m confident that we have what it takes to sustain our growth. We have a unique combination of size and breadth, our continued innovation and a relentless commitment to serving our customers. There's is no question that with $9.7 billion of revenue we are big and that alone doesn't define an industry leader. It's how you leverage your size and portfolio breadth that matters. How do you use it to serve your customers better. Enabling our customers to achieve their goals drives everything we do at Thermo Fisher Scientific, from product development to our global status strategies. In 2007, we laid the groundwork for future growth by making major investments in these areas. For instance, we've spent $240 million in R&D to fuel a continuous stream of new product launches and workflow solutions on the... our Thermo Scientific brand. This broadens applications for our leading technology in mass spectrometry, elemental analysis, spectroscopy, bioreagents, RNAi technologies just to name a few. I have sworn to not give anything away, but I know that we will have a very exciting lineup of new products introductions at PITCOM next month to kick up another strong year of technology innovation. Our ongoing commitment to technology development complemented by strategic acquisitions will allow us to strengthen our balanced portfolio of hardware, software and consumables. Consumables now make up about half of our product mix, with instrumentation about a third and the rest being software and services. We also continue to leverage the tremendous excess we have through our customer channels. Take our Fisher catalogues for example, we are using the catalogues to give our existing customers more choices when they need to make a purchase and we are introducing new channels targeted to specific growth markets. The great example is our new research catalogue in China, which will be coming out very soon. So let me make a few comments on the markets. Across the company, we have great momentum going into 2008 and plenty of opportunity to build on the progress we made last year. We are hearing a lot about economic headwinds in the United States, particularly tied to industrial markets. However, we are not seeing any shift at this point that would have a major impact on our businesses, especially for the first half of the year where we have the most visibility. The life sciences markets continue to serve us well, especially biotech tie-ups are very strong and we are also working to leverage our portfolio of product and services to meet the emerging needs of our key Big Pharma customers and the CROs, to whom they are outsourcing more and more of their work. Environmental markets in the U.S. have remained robust with new regulations coming into play. Now we are starting to see increased attention to the environment in other parts of the world as well, such as China and expect to benefit from that, going forward. In the global industrial markets, we haven't seen any significant decline in demand and some are still quite strong such as minerals and oil and gas. In summary, we have a balanced portfolio and we serve a range of end markets. We believe this combination will make us less vulnerable to a slowdown in any one industry. So a comment on the guidance before I hand it over to Pete. Looking ahead to 2008, we where expect adjusted EPS to be in the range of $3.5 to $3.15. This would lead to adjusted EPS growth of 15 to 19% over our strong performance in 2007. We expect to achieve 2008 revenues of $10.5 billion to $10.6 billion, resulting in 8% to 9% revenue growth over our 2007 results. And with that, I will turn the call to our CFO, Pete Wilver for more details on the financials and the assumptions that were factored into our guidance for 2008. Pete?
Peter M. Wilver: Thanks Marijn. Good morning everyone. As we did last quarter and for the last time as Marijn said, to provide better year-over-year comparisons, the 2006 revenue and adjusted operating income numbers, as well as the working the capital metrics that I will discuss with you today, will be presented on a pro forma adjusted basis as if Thermo and Fisher had been combined in all of 2006. Comparisons of below the line items such as interest, taxes, share-count and earnings per share will be discussed on an adjusted basis as reported. We had another strong quarter with 33% growth in our adjusted earnings per share to $0.76 compared to $0.57 in Q4 last year. Full year adjusted EPS was $2.65 up 39% versus a $1.91 last year and up $0.20 from the high end of the original guidance of $2.35 to $2.45 that we gave at the beginning of the year. GAAP earnings per share in Q4 were $0.54 up from $0.08 in the prior year's quarter, primarily as a result of increased earnings from the merger and lower merger-related charges, improved operating performance and a lower tax rate, partially offset by higher acquisition intangibles and amortization. Our press release contains a detailed reconciliation between GAAP and adjusted EPS. Revenues in Q4 increased 12% year-over-year to $2.62 billion and we achieved full year revenues of $9.75 billion for 10% growth over our 2006 pro forma revenues of $8.87 billion. Organic revenue growth in the quarter was 6%, excluding favorable currency translation of 4% and acquisitions net of divestitures of 2% other than the Fisher merger. Organic revenue growth for the full year was also 6%. Bookings in the quarter were equal to revenues and exceeded revenues by slightly more than 1% for the full year. In the Analytical Technologies segment, revenues rose 14% on a reported basis and 7% organically. In the quarter, we saw strong growth across all our major markets, including life sciences, health care and industrial. In addition to market strength, our new products introductions also continue to be a key growth driver, specifically in a mass spectrometry, elemental analysis and environmental product lines. For the full year, Analytical Technologies grew at 14% on a reported basis and 7.5% organically. In the Laboratory Products and Services segment, revenues for the quarter increased over 10% on a reported basis and 6% organically. We saw growth across most of our major market segments with continued strength in Biopharma outsourcing services as well as our research and healthcare catalogue businesses. This was partially offset by continued top line weakness in our safety catalogue and laboratory workstation businesses. For the full year, revenues in laboratory product and services grew 7% on a reported basis and 5% organically. Moving onto by geography, we saw organic growth across all our major regions, except in Europe which was down slightly against particularly strong growth in the year-ago quarter. North America grew at slightly above the company average, while Asia Pacific and the rest of the world grew at more than double the company average. For the full year, growth was slightly more balanced with North America growing at the company average, Europe slightly below the company average and Asia Pacific and the rest of world in the low double digits. Our Q4 adjusted operating income increased 27% year-over-year to $452 million. Adjusted operating margin was 17.2% up 200 basis points from 15.2% in the year ago quarter on a pro forma basis. Stock compensation expense was $12 million in Q4 as compared to $18 million in the prior year on a pro forma basis which contributed 20 basis points to the year-over-year margin expansion in the quarter. The balance of the margin expansion came from pull through in our incremental organic revenues, including increased prices and the impact of our integration, sourcing and the productivity initiatives. For the full year, adjusted operating margins expanded by 210 basis points to 16.8% as compared to 14.7% in the prior year on a pro forma basis. Stock compensation expense was $51 million in 2007 as compared to $75 million in the prior year on a pro forma basis, which again contributed 20 basis point to the year-over-year margin expansion for the year. Analytical Technologies' Q4 adjusted operating income increased by 34% year-over-year, and adjusted operating margin was 21%, up 310 basis point versus 17.9% last year. For the full year, Analytical Technologies' adjusted operating margin expanded 260 basis points to 19.8%. Laboratory Products and Services Q4 adjusted operating income increased by 19% and adjusted operating margin increased by a 100 basis points to 13.4% as compared to 12.4% in the prior year. For the full year Laboratory Products and Services adjusted operating margin expanded a 140 basis point to 13.6%. Adjusted gross margin was 40.9% in Q4, up 140 basis points from 39.5% in the year ago quarter on pro forma basis, primarily as a result of price increases net of inflation, volume leverage and the impact of our sourcing and productivity initiatives. For the full year, adjusted gross margin was 40.8%, up a 120 basis points from 39.6% in the prior year on a pro forma basis. Adjusted SG&A was 21.3% of revenue in Q4, down 60 basis points from 21.9% in the year ago quarter on a pro forma basis. Primarily as a result of volume leverage, integration synergies and lower stock compensation expense. For the full year, adjusted SG&A percent of revenue improved 80 basis points to 21.5%. R&D expense was 2.3% of revenue in Q4, down 20 basis points from the year ago quarter on a pro forma basis. For the full year, R&D expense was 2.4% down 10 basis points from the prior year. Moving on to below the line items, adjusted net interest expense was $23 million in Q4, up $4 million from the prior year as reported, primarily as a result of the merger. Other income of $2 million was up $1 million from the prior year primarily as a result of joint venture income. Our adjusted tax rate for the full year was 24% down slightly from our 24.6% full year estimate at the end of Q3, which resulted in a comparatively low Q4 adjusted tax rate of 22.5%. The 2007 Q4 rate is down over 4% from the prior year, primarily as result of tax planning structures that we implemented during the year, many of which were facilitated by the merger. The decrease of 0.6% from our previous full year forecast was driven primarily by an increase in our ability to utilize foreign tax credits and a shift in our international income to lower tax rate jurisdiction. Average diluted shares were $441 million for the quarter, down $6 million from Q3, reflecting the benefit of the share buyback program that we initiated in Q3 and continued into Q4. For the full year, average diluted shares were $444 million. Average diluted shares for both the quarter and the full year were up significantly from the prior year as a result of the merger. During the quarter, we used $358 million to repurchase 6.3 million shares. This brings total buy backs for the year up to $898 million and 16.4 million shares In terms of balance sheet performance we ended the quarter with $650 million in cash and investments, down a $196 million from Q3, primarily as a result of the share repurchases and acquisitions partially offset by our strong operating free cash flow. Our debt was essentially flat with the prior quarter at $2.2 billion. Accounts receivable day sales outstanding was 50 days, down 4 days from the prior year on a pro forma basis. And the inventory days of supply were 68 days, down 6 days from the prior year on a pro forma basis. But excluding the increase that resulted in both years from the purchase accounting inventory step up, inventory days of supply was down 3 days. Improvement in our working capital metrics this quarter after several quarters of flat performance was a result of continued focus on cash-cycle process improvements and best practice sharing across the company. Full year cash flow from continuing operations was $1.50 billion. After deducting net capital expenditures of $156 million, full year free cash flow from continuing operations was $134 billion. In summary, we finished the year on a strong note and delivered solid performance for the full year across all our key metrics with top line growth of 10%, margin expansion of 210 basis points, free cash flow of over $1.3 billion which is 14% more than our adjusted net income, and adjusted earnings per share growth of 39%. So we've really delivered strong but balanced financial performance, quite a feat given the scale and complexity of the merger that we undertook just over a year ago. So moving on to our future guidance, we expect our strong operational performance to continue in 2008. Specifically, we are initiating a 2007 revenue guidance range of $10.5 billion to $10.6 billion which assumes no additional acquisitions or divestitures in current foreign exchange rates. This range represents an 89% increase over our 2007 revenues of $9.75 billion. In terms of adjusted earnings per share, we are initiating our 2008 guidance range of $3.05 to $3.15, which represents a 15% to 19% growth over our 2007 adjusted EPS of $2.65. This guidance assumes that we will complete the remaining $100 million of our current share buyback authorization in 2008, and that our tax rate will be in the range of 24%. It does not include any other significant assumptions with regard to future acquisitions, share buybacks or other uses of our capital, with the exception of scheduled debt repayments. We also expect to see an increase in our stock compensation of expense of about $0.03 per share as compared to 2007. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Ross Muken from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken: Hopefully, you guys can hear me, okay?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yes, we hear you.
Ross Muken: In terms of leading into the quarter, investors had a lot of concern around the organic growth rate. There was lot of trepidation about the overall performance of the business. Obviously very strong quarter. Marijn, you commented on some of the other metrics that are key and important. Is there any change from what we saw heading into 07, throughout 07 now under your first pro forma year in the company, and sort of the end market demand in any of the key segments as we head into 08 and then secondarily, now that you had the business for a year as well, how you would characterize the visibility and the capital equipment exposure that you had in the old Thermo business with the new Thermo Fisher Scientific business?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Okay. Yes, good morning Ross. Your first question about when we were here a year ago and we were looking at the markets vis--vis how we were looking at the markets right now, I would say as I mentioned in my comments that anything that's life sciences or healthcare related, is really very similar to a year ago. There is really not any significant change. I would say that from an industrial and environmental point of view, there is today more emphasis and more demand in the areas of food quality and microbiology. A lot of stuff happened in 2007 with respect to concerns along the food chain. So I would say that's definitely stronger and then, of course, as I mentioned, maybe the commodity materials will... the market will at some point get weaker, even though we have not seen any signs of that in our demand from those customers at this point. Go ahead.
Ross Muken: And on the visibility side?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Well on the visibility. We are now 50% consumables and as I mentioned, about a third instrumentation hardware and then the rest of it is services and software. And typically, the backlog you have in consumables is shorter than on the instrument side, because it's more of a getting the order and ship it relatively quickly, while instrument businesses tend to carry a little bit longer of a backlog. So, in terms of months of visibility, I would say the overall company has less visibility 3, 4, 5 months on the road than Thermo Electron used to have.
Ross Muken: I asked what to emerging markets there is big sort of fissure out of the coupling of growth in that even if there is a U.S. slow down particularly they won't be effects in China and some of the other markets. I mean have you seen anything that is giving you an indication that the Chinese market is slowing to any degree, changing its growth trajectory? And then on top of that how do you anticipate demand in the different markets as we head into the Olympics, this summer?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Well we have not seen any slowdown in places like China and India. Actually the numbers were terrific in both countries. I believe that there is a little difference. China is more heavily weighted typically towards the infrastructure build up, more of a demand to... for building commodity materials, particularly high end demand, environmental demand is high there, but also more and more academic and life sciences type of demand. India is very life sciences and healthcare focused, a lot of CRO's are building laboratories in India and more and more clinical trials are going to done in India. So, I would say that the China is more infrastructure build up first and then second life sciences, and India is really heavily on life sciences in terms of growth. And I can see that growth very easily continuing because, quite honestly, some of the growth that the China and India are experiencing are this transition growth from the U.S. to those countries. If we don't do a clinical trial here anymore, but do it in India, the clinical trials still gets done. The U.S. may decelerate in growth but India fix it up and there are a lot of examples of that both in pharma companies putting up labs in China or India and also on the industrial side. So it's not necessarily true that decelerated growth in the U.S. will come with decelerated growth in Asia in my opinion.
Operator: Our next question comes from Quintin Lai from Robert Baird.
Quintin Lai: Hi, good morning. Congratulations on a nice quarter, nice year.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thank you.
Quintin Lai: As you commented that you don't see any change in life sciences, could you kind of decouple, your consumables and instrument business because during this earnings season, we've heard some instrument manufacturers talk about some large pharma companies have had some lumpy cycles especially with the year-end spend, kind of, what did you see in Q4 for your business and then what are your expectations in '08?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Well we didn't really see any sort of significant shifts Quintin, and very similar patterns to the third quarter and second quarter and year-over-year on the pharma side. So I cannot really second to comments that perhaps were made by some of our peers.
Quintin Lai: And in 2008 the trend of pharma taking some things out to CROs how do you see that impacting your business?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Well actually there is positive, because when ever a pharma company decides not to do an experiment in the lab anymore and outsource it to a CRO, the CRO now has to set themselves up to do that experiment and invariably that leads to an accelerated turn over of equipments. It's an accelerated replacement cycle. So I actually think that some of strengths in the life sciences market is the result of this outsourcing of pharma to CROs.
Quintin Lai: And my second question here, Pete in 2007, could you give us an idea of what the impact of divestitures were on growth and then, in your 2008 expectations, how much is divestitures from 2007 affecting '08? And then also as a follow up to that anything that we need to watch out for Easter falling Q1 for Q1 modeling purposes?
Peter M. Wilver: Okay a lot of question... So 2007 divestures was pretty minimal impact on our top line it was very limited we had a couple of joint ventures that moved out of our fully consolidated reporting and into a joint venture income recording but it was fairly insignificant, I missed the middle question.
Quintin Lai: Fine. In 2008, any expectations... any divestitures that occurred in '07 that would be impacted in to '08?
Peter M. Wilver: No, again there's very minimal impact. There is... those joint ventures went out at about the middle of the year, but there's less than 1% impact to the year-over-year reported growth. Obviously, we would exclude those from any kind of organic comparison.
Quintin Lai: And then, with respect to Easter because now... because any difference [ph] in your business is consumables now?
Peter M. Wilver: Yes. Certainly in Q1 this year, the way our calendar works out, Q1 is going to be a little bit lighter on a year-over-year comparison basis because of the way the Easter holiday falls. It won't effect the full year but we will see an impact... negative impact in Q1 and then we will get it back basically in Q4 as the way that the days will fall out. And that is a significant impact compared to kind of the old Thermo where we had the capital and equipment business now as we're in to 50% consumables. That does have an impact on the year-over-year growth.
Quintin Lai: Thank you.
Peter M. Wilver: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Lawson from Thomas Weisel Partners.
Peter Lawson: Marijn, you talked about the strength in the environmental business. How big is that business for you and how fast its growing and where do you see that growth?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Well, we have sort of two sets of environmental businesses. One that is serving environmental laboratory and so instrumentation and consumables and software that ends up in a laboratory setting with full water quality or other types of environmental studies. And then another part and this is the fastest growing part is the part where we have air quality monitoring in the real world. So instrumentation that is attached to smokestack and is monitoring all of the gases and other stuff that comes out, in particular Mercury that comes out of the smokestack. And that particular part of environmental instruments is growing extremely fast. I think our overall exposure to environmental is probably 7% to 8% of our revenue, so $700 million to $800 million. But this particular part of environmental monitoring on smokestacks is growing very rapidly, driven by some very good new products that we introduced to address new legislation in the United States, particularly around the monitoring of Mercury emission.
Peter Lawson: And then moving on to the diagnostic business; last quarter you seemed to be very excited about the idea of convergence between the diagnostics and life science industry. How fast is that business growing for you and where will you see any growth?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Well in general, we have a specialty diagnostic capability that is about $1 billion or so in revenue and the growth there is particularly in two areas, I'd say, one of them is in anatomical pathology where we have seen very, very nice organic growth number in 2007. So this is anatomical pathology similar to businesses like Santana [ph] in the same space that is being acquired by Roche. And the other area is microbiology, and microbiology is basically detecting bacterial infections or bacterial contamination, both from a life sciences point of view and from a food chain point of view and needless to say with everything that's going on in terms of bacterial infection and hospital. What's going on the food supply that business has seen very nice growth as well.
Peter Lawson: Thank you and then just finally Peter, could you explain the lower tax rate in the quarter, looks moderately low and looks like there's some seasonal element to that tax rate. Where does that come from and is that expected next year as well?
Peter M. Wilver: No there is no seasonal element to it. Basically at the end of Q3, we had a full year forecast of 24.6%. At the end of the year, we ended at 24%. So that 0.6% has to get adjusted in the current quarter. So it's simply going from a ... reducing our full year estimate by 0.6% and that was driven by additional usage of foreign tax credits as well as a shift in our income to some lower tax jurisdictions in our international businesses.
Peter Lawson: What's the guidance for '08 for tax?
Peter M. Wilver: 24%.
Peter Lawson: Okay, thank you so much.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tony Butler from Lehman Brothers.
Tony Butler: Marijn and a couple of questions. Number one is when you think the analytical instrument business, can you perhaps dive a little deeper into the notion of what seems to be selling best now. Is it mass spec, is it areas of equipment and elemental analysis, is it molecular spectroscopy and is there really any shift among the analytical instrument sub-segments that seems to meriting greater demand. And then second question really evolves around your Asia rest of world business. Well assume it's roughly 10% of the total globe, is it growing such that you could see it being 12% or 13% at the end of 08? Is that how one should think about it or is it still relatively smaller in the grand scheme of the total business? Thank you.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Okay. Hi Tony. So on the analytical instruments, what are we seeing? We are participating in a number of areas, of course mass spec is a very big area for us and that is growing gangbusters mass spectrometry is very much driven by the slew of new product technologies that we have been bringing out over the last few years and I would particularly highlight the Orbitrap technologies there. And then your question about other areas like elemental and molecular spectroscopy. Another very strong area is elemental analysis and that goes really back to an industrial, more industrial customers base and that has a need for quality control with elemental analysis in the lab. And that is a very, very strong area for us right now in 07 and it looks to be, as I mentioned no slowdown at this point for 08. Molecular spectroscopy is a little bit more in the middle, and sort... can go both ways, more life sciences and more sort of an industrial and it is growing less fast than mass spectrometry and elemental at this point. So does that answer your question?
Tony Butler: Yes, it does and it's very helpful. Thank you.
Marijn E. Dekkers: That's okay. And then Asia, yes, we are obviously growing faster in Asia, particularly China and India than the overall average of the company, but you know when you see 12% to 15% on $1 billion then we got to come up with $200 million to $300 million of extra sales over there, in the year and that's sounds a little aggressive. So I do believe, I haven't done the math but we are around 11% now in Asia and that probably increase by 5% or so in 08, just because we up more share there in the faster growing parts of the world. But there would in $100 million extra, so that grow than a 10% vis--vis the company and in the mid-single digit. So, I think that that will pick up about you know a percent a year in Asia extra over the next few years. Unless we do acquisitions there of course and then it would be accelerated.
Tony Butler: Very helpful Marijn. Thank you.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Okay. Thank you, Tony.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tycho Peterson from J.P. Morgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi this is Sun Gi [ph] in for Tycho Peterson today. Just building on the previous question, question about the mass spec business, some of your competitors have mentioned. I'm seeing increasing competition in the lower end of the market, particularly in terms of increasing price pressure... pricing pressures. Could you comment on kind Thermo's I guess competitive position, I know you are saying that it's going gangbusters where what the target markets are as far as your outlook for 2008 in this space?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Sure. Marc if you want you can.
Marc N. Casper: In terms of mass spec, its Marc Casper speaking, we had good success across our range of products. The hydro products, the Orbitrap obviously continues to be very strong. But we've seen a very significant growth in our triple-quad product line as well and that's given us good strength, both at the higher and lower price points. We have also seen, good momentum, geographically North America, Asia and Europe, all having good growth. So while mass spec is certainly a very competitive market, our reputation as the... certainly the technology innovation leader and continuing to bring up solid new products has certainly positioned us very well in the mass spectrometry market.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And as per your 2008 revenue guidance, could you comment on kind of your underlying assumptions for the acquisition impact and that acquisition impacting 2007 and as well as what are your current assumptions are for the currency exchange rate?
Peter M. Wilver: Yes the impact of acquisitions is a little bit more than 1% and the foreign exchange impacted about 1.5% at current rates.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Wood from Banc of America Securities.
Jon Wood: Hey, thanks a lot. Did you provide operating cash flow guidance for '08, I might have missed that, I am sorry.
Peter M. Wilver: No, I didn't provide a number of operating cash flow guidance.
Jon Wood: Can you do it?
Peter M. Wilver: Can I, or will I?
Jon Wood: Will you?
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, we had a very strong year in 2007. As I said we generated $1.34 billion of operating cash flow. Honestly, I think in 2008, that will be a tough number to match, so I would say we're probably looking at a number of around $1.2 billion, is what my expectation is that may get better as we go through the year, but that that's where I start at.
Jon Wood: Okay and then CapEx, is it grow any in 2008?
Peter M. Wilver: Yeah CapEx is actually going to go up a little bit in 2008. We had about 100 and little more of a $150 million in 2007. I expect that number to be more like $250 million in 2008.
Jon Wood: Okay. Great thanks. And then can you give us an update into the integration or consolidation opportunities in the Fisher legacy manufacturing businesses, the Apogens, the Pro-Bios. Just wondering, if you have encountered or discovered any more opportunity versus your initial look into those businesses, a year ago or so, Is there a potential for a little bit deeper if I could going forward.
Marijn E. Dekkers: John this Marijn. No there isn't for me. We are on track with the synergies as we mentioned and we really knew the business very well. We've spent the half year between the announcement and the closing back in 2006, very tightly working with the legacy Fisher management, visiting all the sites and doing business reviews so overlaying that with the Thermo capabilities we had a very I think assessment on what the synergies were going to be and where they were going to come from and I would say, were within 95% correct on our assumptions. So, it's a lot of work that happening across the company, rationalizing some of these facilities. 2008 will be a key year of doing that. But I wouldn't say there is upside in that.
Jon Wood: Okay great. One quick one, if I can sneak one in. The Fisher Healthcare is the healthcare part of your business. Any material change in the outlook there for '08? Thanks
Marijn E. Dekkers: No.Do you mean the healthcare catalog or in general the diagnostics area?
Jon Wood: Yes. Just the clinical lab part of the business, both manufacturing and distribution.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Catalog. Yes so no I think that we believe that the demands there will continue to be good. It was good in 2007 and we believe that, that will continue to be quite robust and there is no real indications going into this new year that that things in this market will be significantly different.
Jon Wood: Thank you.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thank you John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin from UBS.
Derik De Bruin: Good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning Derik.
Derik De Bruin: During your Analyst Day last May you had talked about 2009 and operating margin targets somewhere in the 19% to 20% range. Two questions; are you still comfortable with that and I guess can you just give us a color on what the mix is in terms of margin expansion, gross margin expansion and operating costs. I guess just what's going into driving that. I get a lot of these questions from clients, just trying to factor out what's going in?
Marijn E. Dekkers: That's makes it a very good question. So Derik, if you look over 2007, our EBITDA in margin is closed to 70%. So our goal is to expand on our operating margins by 100 basis points a year on average and we believe that we can do that in the next number of years. So that's 19% to 20% that we're talking about for 09, is certainly within reach.
Derik De Bruin: Okay.
Marijn E. Dekkers: It doesn't help to come off a 200 basis points here obviously in 2007 and I forgot your next the second question.
Derik De Bruin: Just the contributions for my guess your EBITDA gains, gross margins expansion.
Marijn E. Dekkers: So I think typically we sort of think about top line growth adding about half of our own margin expansion and the other half coming from key productivity activity. That includes PPI sourcing from restructuring. So, it's sort of a 50-50 balance of increased profitability.
Derik De Bruin: The safety business has been a drag for a while. I guess you know, is it on short list and could you potentially divest it?
Marijn E. Dekkers: We are not going to divest it. There's two phases to the safety business, one is the core business which is actually doing quit well and this is providing safety supplies to laboratories, in particular people work who in laboratories and want to protect themselves. So that's very much in line with our overall research market catalog and completely integrated from a supply chain point of view. So there's no we could divest it. The other piece of it is a piece that is specifically focused on the fire and preparedness market, so this is everything that has do with Homeland Security, first responders equipping themselves with safety devices in case there is a calamity happening. And that is the part that is really rapidly decreasing in size. Obviously it peaked, few years after 9/11 and then in last few years it has come down significantly and though it's not really that bigger part of that over all business, may be only 25%. The decline there is so significant that it drags down that whole division. But it is a market that we are serving we are serving it with the same capability and infrastructure as we are serving the lab market. So you cannot slice that out and say lets divest it is what it is. It's a very, very up and down business and the demand for that business I hope it doesn't happen but demand for that business could spike again if there would be some type of terrorist event unanticipated in the U.S. So it is what it is we are living through it. I think the year-over- year comparisons are getting easier on it. Of course I said that last year as well and I was wrong last year, but we believe it should to be true this year.
Derik De Bruin: Okay that's very helpful. I guess with that business if I recall from the... just recall it was that more of the fact that appropriate funds were never spent or just completed less investment in overall preparing to see this.
Marijn E. Dekkers: I think in general there was such a spike in investments, and then when the Iraq war started to cost more and more money I think that was a sought a reduced ability to spend truly on Homeland Security which is really here in the Homeland.
Marijn E. Dekkers: And I saw that the budget proposals, again which has spiked for Homeland Security. So may be there will be a re-equilibration. But who knows what's going to happen with new politics in Washington pretty soon. I am not really, it's an integral parts of the business. It has it's ups and downs, we'll take it the way it comes.
Derik De Bruin: Great. I'll get back in the queue. Thank you.
Operator: I am showing no further questions at this time.
Marijn E. Dekkers: I just want to say a few things in closing. I think you've heard from our enthusiasm that we are very happy with how 2007 finished up for us. We continue our track record of strong financial performance and we've successfully integrated what was really a major acquisition that we believe is transforming our industry. And we are defining what it means to be a leader in this space. And with our unique position, we think we're able to capitalize on the opportunities that we have, so very focused on creating value for our customers, our shareholders and our employees. So thank you very much for all of your support of Thermo Fisher and we are looking forward to updating you on the first quarter of '08 in three months. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does concludes your program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to theThermo Fisher Scientific Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. I wouldlike to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, VicePresident, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth Apicerno: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the calltoday, we have Marijn Dekkers, our President and Chief Executive Officer, MarcCasper, Executive Vice President, and Pete Wilver, our Chief Financial Officer. Please be aware that this call is being webcast live andwill be archived on our website thermofisher.com, until November 23, 2007. Toreach the replay of the call on our website, click on "investors,"then "webcast," then "presentations." Please also be aware that a copy of the press releasesetting forth our third quarter 2007 earnings and future expectations isavailable in the investor section of our website under the heading quarterlyresults. Wed like to begin the call by reading the Safe Harborstatement. Various remarks that we may make about the companys futureexpectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements forpurposes of the Safe Harbor provisions underthe Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated bythese forward-looking statements, as a result of various important factorsincluding those discussed in the companys Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June30, 2007, under the caption, risk factors, which is on file with the Securitiesand Exchange Commission and available in the investor section of our website,under the heading "SEC Filings." We also may make forward-looking statements about thebenefits of the merger of Thermo Electron and Fisher Scientific, includingstatements about future financial impacts on operating results, the new company'splans, objectives, expectations, and intentions and other statement that arenot historical facts. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements atsome point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so,even if our estimates change, and therefore, you should not rely on theseforward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequentto today. Also during this call, well be referring to certainfinancial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally AcceptedAccounting Principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financialmeasures used on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures isavailable on the press release setting forth our third quarter 2007 earningsand future expectations and in the tables accompanying such releases in the "investors"section of our website, www.thermofisher.com, under the heading "quarterlyresults." Related information is also available on the "investor"section on our website under the heading "webcast and presentations." With that, Id now like to turn the call over to Marijn.
Marijn Dekkers: Thanks, Ken. Good morning to all of you listening in. Thanksfor joining us. We have very good news to report to you again this quarter. Asyou can saw in the press release, we had record third quarter financialperformance. We are about two weeks away from the one year anniversary ofthe Thermo Fisher merger, and the success of our integration can be seen in ourstrong operating results. The business is doing well; our key end markets arehealthy, and we have the resources to invest in internal initiatives as well asacquisitions that will lead to future growth. Let me get right to the Q3 highlights. As I have doneearlier, Im going to compare our revenues and adjusted operating resultsexcept for EPS on a pro forma basis, as if Thermo and Fisher were combined forall of 2006. So revenues grew 7% to a record 2.4 billion. Adjusted EPSwas also a record for the quarter, increasing 48% to $0.65. Adjusted operatingincome rose 17%. We also had an excellent quarter of adjusted operating marginexpansion, up 150 basis points to 16.9%, and there are several reasons for ourconsistent margin improvement. First, we are fully leveraging our top line growth includingdriving price. Second, were on track delivering the synergies from the mergerwith Fisher. And as you know, in 2007 most of those are cost synergies. Third,we continuously improve our productivity through our company-wide PracticalProcess Improvement program called PPI, which has now been rolled out in all ofthe legacy Fisher businesses. And then fourth, another contributor to ourmargin expansion is that we have undertaken an initiative across the company todiscontinue low or no profit product lines. With our gross portfolio, there are some unattractiveproduct lines and rationalizing those gives us an opportunity to be morefocused on our strong products. This obviously improves our margins even thoughit creates some headwinds for revenue growth. So let me give you a brief update on our primary markets.Again no significant change from what we saw in the first half of the year. Ourgeneral end markets remain healthy, biotech still strong, big pharma is stablewith spending levels similar to what weve seen so far this year. BioPharma outsourcing services is experiencing double-digitgrowth. Clinical diagnostics is growing well. Academic is growing at averagelevels. Government is declining, and environmental sees very strong growth,especially in air quality in the United States. And then thequestion I get to be asked a lot. We still see no signs of weakness in theglobal commodities markets. Let me comment a little bit on acquisitions. We continue tostrengthen our presence by making acquisitions that compliment on our existingcapabilities. As we stated in the press release, since August weve completedacquisitions totaling nearly $200 million in annualized revenues. The life laboratory and health sciences industry remainshighly fragmented, and that gives us opportunities to create value by acquiringbusinesses that offer global expansion, or new commercial capabilities, orcomplementary technologies, or any combination of these factors. So let me give you some highlights of our recent activity.First, Qualigens, this acquisition closed in September, and Qualigens is thelargest laboratory chemical supplier in India formerly owned byGlaxoSmithKline. Qualigens is now part of our customer channel business forresearch markets, and it significantly expands our laboratory, chemicalsofferings and our customer base in a high growth Asian market. Secondly, in early September, we acquired the instrumentsales business of Davis Inotek. Davisis also being integrated into our customer channels business and broadens ourportfolio with a range of specialty instruments and consumables for researchand industrial process application. Thirdly, Priority Solutions, which closed in early October.Now this one is exciting because it strengthens the outsourcing services thatwe can offer our biotech and big pharma customers for clinical trialsmanagement. Priority Solutions has a great logistics infrastructure that we canuse to deliver clinical trial supplies to the patients participating in thoseclinical trials. Fourthly, a good example of a technology acquisition isNanoDrop, which we just completed a couple of weeks ago. NanoDrop expands ourUV-vis portfolio with instrumentation that can analyze micro volume samples.This is important because life sciences research that involves measuring DNAand proteins require scientists to work with very small samples, and that makessample preparation difficult. NanoDrop specific technologies allow our customers to easilyanalyze micro samples without having to dilute them, leading to better resultsand greater lab productivity. So, quite a few of these bolt-on acquisitionsmaterialized recently, and I am not saying we are going to keep up this spaceof acquisitions, but we expect to continue doing these type of bolt-onacquisitions on a regular basis. A few comments on our internal investments. Our acquisitionscompliment significant internal investments we make to better serve ourcustomers and position the company for long-term growth. Just let me mention afew. One is employee development, which is a very important component of themerger integration, particularly, driven to cultural integration. Weve spent a lot of time training our employees to helpthem add depth to our company-wide processes. And this ranges all the way fromhigh level leadership training for managers to training in our PPI productivityprogram for all employees. And I am extremely pleased with how well this hasgone, and of course, it's an ongoing process. Then technology development, our R&D track recordcontinues to distinguish us in the industry. And we are getting better andbetter at targeting our research dollars to the most promising application. Our product vitality for the Analytical Technology segmentis 23% year-to-date. This is the percentage of revenues we generated in thatsegment from products introduced in the past two years. Recent new products,such as the three mass spec systems we launched at ASMS and the new RNAi platform we announced this week, will contribute to thatmetric going forward. In other area where we are investingheavily internally is in sales and marketing. Were placing a great deal ofattention to initiatives that strengthen our commercial presence and help usdrive revenue synergies across the company. Examples of that include newtools for training our sales people, key account management and leveraging ourcustomer channels and global presence, and then last capacity expansion. Were investing in new facilities that will allow us to meetcustomer demand for our products and services. And let me mention two here thatwe recently announced.  One project is inour Biosciences business. We have committed $11 million to build a newBioSensor in Utahfor the manufacture of our BioProcess products. We continue to see excellent growth here especially in BioProcessingcontainers. There are currently thousands of new biotech drugs in thepipeline, and our single-use containers help our customers eliminatecontamination during the processing of drugs under development. Over the nextfour years, we plan to add 90,000 square feet of capacity at that site in Utah. The other expansion project that I would like to mention isin India, where we are building a $17 million facility that will supportgrowing demand for our BioPharma services in that country. As weve mentioned before, its estimated that nearly 25% ofall clinical trial patients will be in India by the year 2010. This100,000 square foot facility will be used to package and distribute thepharmaceutical supplies that patients need in India and other parts of the world. So we feel we are in an enviable position with the resourcesdoing best in both external and internal growth drivers. And this gives us anumber of options for creating value for all our stakeholders, employees,customers and investors. So with that I would like to quickly comment on the guidancebefore I hand over the call to Pete Wilver. With three quarters behind us, we obviously have betterfeasibility to our full year results. And based on three quarters this year,three record quarters, we are again raising our adjusted EPS guidance for 2007.We are raising the high end of our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.03 and expectour performance for the year to be in the range of $2.56 to $2.59. And thisincrease would result in 34% to 36% growth in adjusted EPS over our excellentperformance in 2006. We are also raising our revenue guidance by a $100 millionto a range of $9.60 to $9.65 billion. And this would lead to a revenue increaseof 8% to 9% over 2006. So with that, I will turn over the call to Pete Wilverfor more details on our financials. Pete?
Pete Wilver: Thanks, Marijn. Good morning, everyone. As we did lastquarter to provide better year-over-year comparisons, the revenue and adjustedoperating income numbers as well as the working capital metrics that Illdiscuss with you today will be presented on a pro-forma adjusted basis as ifThermo and Fisher have been combined in all of 2006. Comparisons on below the line items such as interest, taxes,share count and earnings per share will be discussed on an adjusted basis asreported. As Marijn said, our adjusted earnings per share for thequarter grew 48% to $0.65 compared to $0.44 in Q3 last year. We have increasedour full year guidance to reflect our solid Q3 results and increase confidencein meeting our annual earnings goals. I will cover our revised guidance in moredetail at the end of my comments. GAAP earnings per share in Q3 were $0.49, up from $0.30 inthe prior year's quarter, primarily as a result of increased earnings from themerger, improved operating performance and a lower tax rate including aone-time favorable adjustment of $0.05 in 2007. These items are partially offsetby higher acquisition, intangibles amortization. Our press release contains a detailed reconciliation betweenGAAP and adjusted EPS. Revenues in Q3 increased 7% year-over-year to $2.40billion. Organic revenues in the quarter were up 5%, excluding favorablecurrency translation of 2%. There was no material impact in the quarter fromnon-Fisher merger related acquisitions and divestitures. During the quarter,bookings slightly exceeded revenues again, by just under 1%. In the Analytical Technology segment, revenues rose 12% on areported basis and almost 7.5% organically. In the quarter, we saw a stronggrowth across all of our major markets including life sciences, diagnostics andindustrial. In addition to the market strength, our new product introductionsalso continued to be a key growth driver, specifically in our mass spectrometry,elemental analysis and environmental product lines. In the laboratory products and services segment, revenuesfor the quarter increased 4% both on a reported basis and organically. We sawgrowth across most of our major market segments, with continued strength in BioPharmaoutsourcing services. By geography, we saw organic growth across all our majorregions. North America grew organically atslightly above the company average, and Asia Pacific grew at more than doublethe company average. Europe and the rest ofthe world grew in the low single-digits against particularly strong growth inthe year ago quarter. In terms of operating income, Q3 adjusted operating incomeincreased 17% year-over-year to $405 million. Adjusted operating margin was16.9%, up 150 basis points from 15.4% in the year-ago quarter on a pro formabasis. Stock compensation expense was $13 million in Q3, as comparedto $19 million in the prior year on a pro-forma basis, which contributed 30basis points to the year-over-year margin expansion in the quarter. The balanceof the margin expansion came from pull through on our incremental organicrevenues and the impact of our integration, sourcing and productivityinitiatives. Analytical technologies Q3 adjusted operating incomeincreased by 26% year-over-year, and adjusted operating margin was 19.4%, up210 basis points versus 17.3% last year. Laboratory product and services Q3 adjusted operatingincome, increased by 10%, and adjusted operating margin increased by 70 basispoints to 14%, as compared to 13.3% in the prior year. Adjusted gross margin was 40.8% in Q3, up 100 basis pointsfrom 39.8% in the year-ago quarter. Primarily as a result of price increasesnet of inflation, volume leverage, and the impact of outsourcing andproductivity initiatives. Adjusted SG&A was 21.5% of revenue in Q3, down 40 basispoints from 21.9% in the year-ago quarter, primarily as a result of volumeleverage, integration synergies, and lower stock compensation expense. R&D expense was 2.4% of revenue in Q3, flat with theyear-ago quarter. Analytical Technologies R&D expense was 4.9% of revenue,also flat with the prior year. As Ive mentioned previously, analytical technologiesrepresents about 80% of our R&D spend for the company. In terms of below the line items, adjusted net interestexpense was 19 million in Q3 up $12 million from the prior year as reported,primarily as a result of the merger. Other income of $1 million was flat withthe prior year. Our adjusted tax rate was 24.6% in Q3, consistent with ourQ2 rate, and down significantly from 30.6% last year for Thermo standalone.Its important to note that the one-time tax benefit of $0.5 this quarter thatwas mentioned in our press release and earlier in my comments, did not affectour adjusted tax rate. Its only reflected in our GAAP tax rate. Average diluted shares for the quarter were 447 million,essentially flat with the prior quarter and up significantly from the prioryear as result of the merger. During the quarter, we used approximately $540million of our $1 billion share buyback authorization to repurchase 10.1million shares. We continue to expect full year average diluted shares to be ina range of 440 million to 445 million for the full year of 2007. In terms of balance sheet performance, we ended the quarterwith $846 million in cash and in investment, down $128 million from Q2,primarily as a result of share repurchases and acquisitions partially offset byour strong operating free cash flow and option proceeds. Our debt was essentially flat with the prior quarter at $2.2billion. Receivable DSO was 55 days, up one day from the prior year on a pro-formabasis, and inventory days of supply was 76 days, also up one day from the prioryear on a pro forma basis, if you exclude the four day increase that resultedfrom the purchase accounting inventory step up. Q3 year-to-date cash flow from continuing operations, as Imentioned, was very strong at $950 million. After deducting net capitalexpenditures of $103 million Q3, year-to-date free cash flow from continuingoperations was $847 million. As a result of our strong cash flow performanceyear-to-date, we now expect 2003 cash flow from continuing operations to be inthe range of $1.1 billion net of merger-related cash flows. So, let me just review the guidance with you that we have onour press release. We're increasing our adjusted EPS to a range of $2.56 to$2.59, as compared to our previous guidance of $2.50 to $2.56, primarily as aresult of our strong Q3 operating results and better visibility on our expectedQ4 results. This range represents 34% to 36% growth over our 2006 adjusted EPSof a $1.91. We're also increasing our full year revenue guidance by a$100 million to a range of $9.60 to $9.65 billion, as compared to our previousguidance of $9.50 to $9.55 billion, as a result of acquisitions and morefavorable foreign currency translations. This range represents an 8% to 9%increase over our pro-forma 2006 revenues of $8.87 billion. Finally, our integration projects continue to progress well,and a good number of them have already been completed. So we remain confidentthat we will achieve at least $75 million of adjusted operating income synergiesin 2007. With that, Ill turn the call over to the operator forQ&A.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comesfrom Paul Knight of Thomas Weisel Partners. Your line is open.
Paul Knight: Hi, Marijn.
Marijn Dekkers: Good morning Paul.
Paul Knight: Can you talk about the dynamics going on right now at Fisherspecifically the slowest business has been the laboratory furniture area. When shouldwe expect to see maybe some synergies between this year and the prior ThermalElectron I guess is the summary?
Marijn Dekkers: Yeah, this question goes back to Fisher Hamilton, which wasput in discontinued operations by Fisher prior to the merger and when we did themerger a year ago we took it out of discontinued operation. We have seen somevery good collaboration between that business and our Basic LaboratoryEquipment and Consumables business. Lot of passing on of leads and because asyou know the Laboratory Furniture Business is basically the first contact thatwe have with a customer that is going to build a new laboratory. Having thatcontact and with the lead passed on to Laboratory Equipment leads to sort of arunning start talking to that customer about equipping the lab not just nowbuilding the lab and putting furniture in. So, we expect overtime from theseleads to get revenue synergy.
Paul Knight: And then, last, Marijn, the guidance implies maybe a littlemore organic growth in the fourth quarter, what's going on to do that?
Marijn Dekkers: Well, the guidance doesnt really imply more organic growthin the quarter. The increased guidance on EPS is really the result of theearnings momentum that we have had so far in the year. We had another very,very strong margin expansion quarter in Q3. And we think that will continue inQ4. So its more a comment on the overall earnings capability of the company.
Paul Knight: Okay. Thanks.
Marijn Dekkers: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Muken of Deutsche Bank.Sorry, if I mispronounced your last name.
Ross Muken: Thank you. Congratulations, guys on a very strong quarter.
Marijn Dekkers: Thank you, Ross.
Ross Muken: As we look, more to your comments at the beginning of thecall. You noted that Pharma was stable and that Biotech continues to be strong.Weve had a fair amount of management change in the last year and a half inboth those industries there has been a major restructuring effort. Are westarting to see any sort of change in strategy relative to purchasing or theirapproach to how they will go about the procurement process or are we still sortof, in a stage where they are still trying to figure out things internally andreally have it necessarily bought into the one-stop shop type of view?
Marijn Dekkers: Well, its very dependent on which pharma company you aretalking about there is a whole difference in focus on these type ofopportunities. We have some companies who embrace us and the approach that weare bringing in helping them do more consolidated purchasing, and then we alsohave some pharma companies who basically just havent made something like thisa priority. So its a very broad range of responses. I would saytypically that the companies, who arent going through some other major type ofturmoil, are the ones that have most capacity to focus on what we can bringthem. So the ones who basically are doing the best are having the time to alsofocus on this it seems, and others who are really struggling find it harder tomake the time to change the way they are purchasing.
Ross Muken: And relative to your comment on the commodity market, as welook at the emerging markets in general. Have we continued to see a broadeningout of demand across customer segments, not just only related to some of thecommodity or industrial related groups within some of theses fast growingcountries and have we seen any impact from some of the scares in Chinarelative to food quality or safety quality of consumer goods?
Marijn Dekkers: Yeah. Absolutely, China initially was very much of agrowth pattern that supports their infrastructure build-outs of cement andsteel and mining and refineries and things like that, that really help thembuild-out their infrastructure. But we are seeing much more demand now in LifeSciences, in hospitals or academic labs that are being built. Food safety isbecoming clearly more of an issue. And that will take off over the next fewyears, not necessarily in Q3. In Q3 we saw more demand on customers of those Chinesecompanies in Western countries who are trying to put a sort of a quick analysisin place to find out, did they buy something that was heavily contaminated.But, at the source, where the stuff is really being made in China, we expect to see significantinvestments over the next few years. And then India,really the demand there is heavily on the Life Sciences side, more so then onthe infrastructure build-out side. As I mentioned we are doing an expansionthere to support clinical trials, lot of CRO type of laboratories, contractlaboratories being built there to support these clinical trials. So that helpsthe demand over there. Plus the generic pharma companies in India who decided a few years ago,not just to meet to generic drugs but to start trying to get the [dose] in drugdevelopment. They are also building drug development laboratories, so LifeSciences demand in Indiais really very significant from a growth point of view.
Ross Muken: And just one quick housekeeping question. You mentionedproduct discontinuations on the call, was there any impact in the quarter, andhow should we think about modeling that going forward?
Marijn Dekkers -President & CEO: Well as we try to talk about the modeling going forward, butI will give you an example of actually Paul Knight asked about laboratoryworkstations. Now laboratory workstations was a business that wasn't doing allthat well, and basically was a breakeven business. We have looked at this, wehave made it the pride of the company, but we also said they have been doingsome business that we really shouldn't be involved in it. We don't make anymoney on it; its not good business, lets rationalize certain product lines. As a result of that, you, of course, got headwind from anorganic growth point of view, quite significant in laboratory workstations casebecause its a $200 million business, but we have now gotten them into aprofitability profile in the mid-teens on operating margin rather than breakevenso they are contributing beautifully now to EPS. So, that creates someheadwinds from an organic revenue point of view, and we are doing that in aselect number of businesses where we have an underwhelming product lines, andits not a huge number, but if you want to quantify it maybe 0.5% or so ofrevenue growth that's holding us back.
Ross Muken: Great. Thank you, guys.
Marijn Dekkers: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin of UBS. Yourline is open.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good morning.
Marijn Dekkers: Good morning.
Derik De Bruin: Given the huge growth in outsourcing, both the broad anddomestically, I mean, would Thermo consider moving more aggressively into thesera space?
Marijn Dekkers: Well, its a very big industry with a few different aspects,Derik. We really like to part that we are in because of its really in linewith our strength, which is the packaging, the distribution and logistics ofsamples that are being used, which is high precision work, and it helps usleverage the legacy Fisher capability of getting the right stuff to the rightpeople at the right time, so to speak. So thats part of it. We have a very strong position and weare building out organically like the India investment is in line with that andthe priority solutions acquisition, but to go beyond that and become a more ofa CRO is not really a high priority for us.
Derik De Bruin: Okay and just a follow-up on Rosss question. So, if I heardyou correctly, you said you had about a 0.5% headwind from discontinuedproducts sort of plough in this quarter?
Marijn Dekkers: Well, I dont want to give you sort of an exact number, butwhat Ross asked, what is the impact roughly of that, now and going forward for thenext quarters, and I would say, yeah, thats about the number.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. But I guess you are still confident on your numbersfor looking into 2008 and even from your analysis view in the 6% to 7% range?
Marijn Dekkers: Yeah. I mean thats certainly what we are targeting.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. And likewise for the 6% range for 2007 as well?
Marijn Dekkers: Well, again, its certainly what we are targeting. We did inQ1 and Q2, 6% organic growth, in Q3 5%. So yeah, its going to come outsomewhere between 5% and 6% for the year. But, again, I would emphasize thatthese fluctuations quarter to quarter from an organic growth point of view aregoing to happen. Its not an exact science here of us being able to mail acertain number consistently every single quarter, so there are going to befluctuations quarter-to-quarter in organic growth. Derik De Bruin - UBS Okay. Thank you.
Marijn Dekkers: Okay. Thank you, Derik.
Operator: Our next question comes from Quintin Lai of Robert W. Baird.Your line is open.
Quintin Lai: Hi, good morning. Congratulations on the quarter andcongratulations on the approaching anniversary of the merger.
Marijn Dekkers: Thank you, Quintin. Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird Now that you've delivered so well on the 2007 metrics, couldyou kind of give us a glimpse a little bit about the 2008 synergies that youtalked about when you did the deal last year, and in that light some ofdivestitures that youre doing now. Is that just kind of being proactivetowards those 2008 goals?
Marijn Dekkers: Yeah. Were not really doing divestitures. To make sure wehave been doing these bolt-on acquisitions were not really doing divestitures,that the product rationalization that I was referring to is more of an internaldiscontinuation of certain product lines, but we dont divest those businesses.
Quintin Lai: Understand.
Marijn Dekkers: So 2008, and the synergies it's going to be a little bitdifferent. On the cost side, obviously the easy stock has been done throughpeaking in the first year. If I can say it that way, and now we are moredriving synergies within certain businesses that had significant overlap,particularly in the Clinical Diagnostics and in the Laboratory Equipmentbusinesses where we had clearly overlap with some of the Fisher businesses. Andwe have cost synergies that we can drive and that's more of the 2008 costsynergies piece. On the revenue synergies, weve had little revenue synergiesin 2007, again as planned but we expect to get revenue synergies in a number ofareas and one is going back to Rosss question on the large accounts. We expectovertime to gain share at the larger accounts with our consolidated approach.So thats a revenue synergy. We also expect overtime to be able to sell more of our selfmanufactured products through the Fisher catalogue. That is a revenue synergythat helps the earnings but not the revenue growth, because it is very often asubstitution of the sale that we were going to make anyway. It will just be asale at higher margin, because its a self manufactured product. So you dontsee that really in the revenue line, but you do see it in the earnings line. And then a third part of what we will see in 2008, is aleverage of the legacy Thermo capability particularly in China and to drive more of legacy Fisher revenuein China.And along those lines we are coming out with a Chinese research marketcatalogue Fisher catalogue in Chinese very soon that we expect will help drivegrowth there. So cost synergy is more on the operating side rather thanthe corporate side and these revenue synergies that I was talking about thosethree areas should start to kick in the course of 2008.
Quintin Lai: Thank you for that and just a follow-up. Strong cash flowgeneration, I know that you have got some bolt-on acquisitions and more targetsto come. What other areas, do you think about pouring cash either on the debtor the equity buyback side?
Pete Wilver: Right now, we have $1 billion share buyback authorization inplace. We used about half of that, so we'll continue use that in the future. Interms of the debt, we are basically down to our long-term debt we have noshort-term debt on the balance sheet right now. So, I wouldn't expect us to bedoing anything, in terms of buying back debt unless something significantlychanges in the economics of doing that type of activity. And then, obviously wecontinue to want to do the bolt-on type acquisitions that Marijn mentioned as ourprimarily use of the cash.
Quintin Lai: Thanks Pete.
Pete Wilver: Okay.
Marijn Dekkers: Thanks, Quintin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tony Butler's lineof Lehman Brothers
Tony Butler: Yes, good morning and thank you. Two questions Marijn. Oneis allude to synergies that relate to price and productivity. I am curious if youmaybe able to quantify the price impact that you are seeing or at least providesome qualitative comments around it? And then second one, Europemay have been slow because of the prior year-over-year compare. Can youactually comment why and I apologize for not remembering, given at least, myimpression Europe tends to be weaker in thethird quarter. I am curious what really changed from last year to this year andwhat is just the timing of some orders that came through under legacy Thermo.There really was the change from last year to this year. Thanks very much.
Pete Wilver: Hi, Tony, this is Pete. Ill answer the Europequestion first, I guess. Last year we had and its not a number that was everreported because, its a combined number for the two companies put together.But Europe growth was almost 10% last year forthe combined company.
Tony Butler: Okay.
Pete Wilver: So obviously, that was a significant growth quarter lastyear and just created really tough comparison for us. And with the breadth ofthe company its a lot of little things that happened last year. Not just onebig item that I could point to you and say, Hey, we had this huge order thatdrove significant growth. It was just a lot of businesses, some of the morelumpy businesses that had significant revenue growth last year. Obviously westill grew off of that number, we just didnt grow as fast as the rest of thecompany.
Tony Butler: Thanks, Pete.
Pete Wilver: Thank you.
Marijn Dekkers: Yeah. I will comment on the price. And in our projectionsfor synergies for the Thermo Fisher combination, we did not talk about priceupside at all. And quite honestly, we dont feel that there is an opportunityfor that. And what we have done though is we have had a lot of disciplinedfocus and analysis on pricing in general. Thermo used to do that on its own, Fisher used to do that onits own and we have started sharing best practices in this regard between thedifferent businesses. Just to make sure that we have a very good understandingof price points in our industry and appropriately price our products. And witha broad range of products that we have going through different channels itobviously is very important to do good analytics on your pricing strategy, andI think combining the two companies, weve gotten even better at that than theindividual companies were before. Tony Butler - Lehman Brothers Thanks, Mar.
Marijn Dekkers: Thank you, Tony.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson of JP Morgan. Yourline is open. Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Good morning. Thanks for taking the call.
Marijn Dekkers: Hi, Tycho.
Tycho Peterson: Hi, following up on some of the comments you made earlierabout terming the product portfolio selectively. Has there been any change tothe underlying R&D thought process, and how you are prioritizing R&Ddollars? And if you could just comment generally on where the R&Dinitiatives are, that would be helpful.
Marijn Dekkers: Yeah. Not really, I mean maybe to a little extent. TheR&D dollars, as Pete said, are for 80% spent in analytical technologysegment. So, thats really where we interact very closely with the scientistsin really trying to bring them new technology that helps them do their researchor analysis better. In laboratory products and services, we are more of a sortof routine products provider and there it isnt so much the hard edge on thetechnology as it is trying to provide choice and convenience and service to thecustomer, okay? So on the analytical technology side, we now have anincredible portfolio, I mean we are over a $4 billion of annual sales there andreally truly a very, very strong player with capability on the hardware sidewith instruments in automations, capability on the software side with ourlaboratory information management systems, and then, as a result of thecombination with Fisher a lot of capability on the consumables and the reagentside. So this puts us in a very good position to drive what we have though alot about more integrated work flow solutions. And we are doing that particularly as very new and demandinglife sciences applications. So RNAi technology or stem cell research or proteinbiomarkers where people today dont have a laboratory infrastructure setup yet,its anew application, its very demanding, a lot of people want to get intodoing that type of work. And we can go in and really help them to put theirlaboratories together from an integrated workflow point of view swift enough. And then a lot of our scientist customers respond to thatvery positively because it really eliminates a big headache for them. So ourresearch hence tends to be focused on, yes we want to be best-in-class in eachof these technologies, and were not going to give up being best-in-class inMass Spectrometry, of course. But at the same time, say somebody who buys aMass Spectrometer, what else are they using before and after that MassSpectrometer Analysis and how can we help them put that workflow to get itbetter. Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan And then I guess just along those lines, what are yourlatest thoughts on the diagnostics opportunity something youd highlighted Ithink last December at the analyst meeting, and it seems like with some of therecent tuck-ins here, you know, a little bit better positioning in terms of theportfolio, what are your thoughts on that market and where you stand today?
Marijn Dekkers: Well, it's a very exciting market quite honestlydiagnostics, particularly, whats been called molecular diagnostics. I thoughtall diagnostics were molecular, other than for momentarily build pressure, butits called molecular diagnostics, and but basically its new diagnostic testhave a lot to do with early biomarker indication for certain diseases. And wesee conversions between what's currently happening in R&D labs to R&Dtools that we are selling our R&D customers. And what's going to happen indiagnostics laboratory, 5 to 10 years down the road, because those newbiomarkers that now are being invented by scientists using our technologies aregoing to be in a clinical lab at some point in the future. And there is a conversionshappening, that we believe, we are particularly well positioned for to supportour customers in that conversions of getting something that starts today in aresearch lab into a clinical lab. So, I am excited about it; we are makinginvestments mostly organically at this point to position us to do that better. Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Okay. And then finally, just on some of the productivityinitiatives, youve talked in the past about sourcing and then particularlywithin China, and I think youve set a $100 million for the year was the goal,is that still the target and how do we think about maybe the opportunity fornext year?
Marijn Dekkers: In terms of Chinasourcing? Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Yeah, and then, into exactly in terms of lower outsourcing?
Marijn Dekkers: Yeah, this about, our spend in China,thats not the savings, but as you know, transitioning spending from westerncountries into Chinasourced mostly component supplies. And we see continued growth of that. We nowhave four factories in China.We have one in Malaysia.We have a number of factories in low-cost countries in Asia,and we are not at full capacity there, so we are still putting more products inthere. And at the same time, we are expanding our sourcingorganization, not just to source for those factories, but also to sourcecomponents for western factories. And when we are able to do that we typicallyon say, a part, thats 30% or 40% savings converting it from a western supplierto a Chinese supplier. So, this is quite significant. Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Okay. Terrific. Thank you.
Marijn Dekkers: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Groberg of Merrill Lynch.Your line is open.
Jon Groberg: Thanks. Good morning. Congratulations on another solidquarter.
Marijn Dekkers: Thank you, Jon.
Jon Groberg: Just wanted one clarification and then I might add twoquestions there. Excuse me. On the -- for the lab products and services, kindof, your model that you presented in May was, I think, organic revenue growthof 5% to 6% for kind of 07 to 09 period. In the last couple of quarters youhave been about 4%. So, just curious some of that are discontinuations, youdidnt talk about in lab workstation, but what do you need to do to get to themore of the high-end of that range in your view?
Marijn Dekkers: Well, I think that. Yeah, some of these productrationalizations are mostly happening in that area, thats one. Secondly, thisis, I believe, where we, well have over time the revenue synergy of an abilityto use the channels more to drive self-manufactured product. To what extent that really will show up in organic growth onthat Im not completely sure. Some of it will, some of it wont, but wereconfident that the combination of making those products and having thisincredible channel to a very fragmented market will help us drive growth there. Then in addition to the BioPharma Services business in spiteof that, which we also expect to continue to see very good growth because the bigpharma is outsourcing more and more of their clinical trial work. So overall, I think were well positioned for good growth inthose segments. Jon Groberg - Merrill Lynch Okay. So again for the lab products and services for your07to 09, youre comfortable with the 5% to 6% organic revenue growth?
Marijn Dekkers: Yeah. Jon Groberg - Merrill Lynch Okay.
Marijn Dekkers: Thats certainly our target. Jon Groberg - Merrill Lynch So moving to Analytical Technologies a bit, you made thisbig investment in Utahon the bioprocess container side, can you mention maybe how BioPharmamanufacturing did this quarter, and just kind of the outlook near term, weveheard a lot from other companies and customers as well as maybe its a bitslowing there?
Marijn Dekkers: Yeah. Let me think about, I'll answer that question. Thereis one very significant transition thats going on in that marketplace and thatis that a lot of customers have the preference for new applications, new drugsgo from animal based serum to what you could say artificial media, so notanimal base. They are doing that for a number of reasons, quality control,consistency et cetera. That leads to some dislocations, in the sense that a bigcustomer could have been making a certain drug with serum and now decides tochange his methodology and make it with artificial media. Those discontinuations that we also see, and that leads toquite some lumpiness in the demand for those products, because in some cases ifyou had the serum business, you may not have the media business, or the otherway around if you didnt have the serum business, you can see a nice upsidebecause you now get the media business. So thats really sort of leading tosome lumpiness there. On the bioprocess container side, which is our increasedinvestments in Utah to expand capacity that is incredibly robust, because ifanything, we are on the right side of the equation there, people have steelreactors now and they want to go to plastic reactors, small bags or containersand disposables because that is a lot easier for them to work with. So therewas a move from steel to plastic and there is a move from serum to artificialmedia and that leads to overall lumpiness. Jon Groberg - Merrill Lynch Okay. So in this particular quarter on the bioprocesscontainer side you still saw good growth?
Marijn Dekkers: So, we saw very good growth in bioprocess containers,because we are on the good side of going from steel to plastic but our growthin serum and media was not so good because we have some dislocations with somecustomers who discontinue serum. Jon Groberg - Merrill Lynch Okay. And then, on the margin side for AnalyticalTechnologies, as I look at that internally what you were forecasting. Goodsynergies on the lab product and services, a little bit than AnalyticalTechnologies and I was just curious is that a mix impact. I know you are stillcomfortable with your longer-term targets where you can do an operating marginthere?
Pete Wilver: Yeah, I think you can interpret that just as a mix impact inthe quarter and we are confident with what we talked about for the longer-termfor analytical technologies as well as this year. Jon Groberg - Merrill Lynch Okay, and then last question Marijn. You talked a lot aboutM&A bolt-on acquisitions, given your size is that enough do you think tomake a small acquisitions say $30 million to $70 million, lump them into yourglobal distribution and get the synergies that you are talking about or do youlook at larger opportunities as well?
Marijn Dekkers: Jon, it's hard to plan acquisitions. The bolt-ons we don'treally plan, but we know there is enough availability of businesses that becomeavailable sooner or later that we know will do a few of them. I couldn't tellyou exactly which ones, but we know we will do it. For the larger ones it'sjust very unpredictable. What's going to become available, nobody really knows.Of course, we are looking and seeing what companies would be a good fit withus, but it's impossible to plan around that. I think in terms of our owncapability we are integrating quite a big acquisition here with Fisher that hasbeen going very well. We're not done with it, but we are having a solitaire ofintegration behind us, we believe. And therefore the capacity of our ownleadership team here to take on some other acquisitions, certainly is gettingbetter over time. Jon Groberg - Merrill Lynch Yeah, great. Thanks, Marijn.
Marijn Dekkers: Thank you, Jon. We have time for one more caller.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from Jon Wood of Banc ofAmerica. Your line is open.
Jon Wood: Thank you. You mentioned adding the 200 million inacquisition-related revenue since August, can you give us a sense on what youspent on those deals in aggregate?
Marijn Dekkers: Can we -- just a second.
Pete Wilver: Yeah. If we dont really, it will be.
Marijn Dekkers: We will be doing in some case.
Pete Wilver: Yeah, it will be included in our queue, obviously. I wouldsay you could think of it in terms of the normal multiples that we pay in termsof revenue.
Jon Wood: Okay. And then, one quick one. In the way of working capitalimprovements, what have you built into the cash flow forecast for workingcapital improvements, if any? And then, can you give us a sense of whataccounts offer the most opportunity for improvement? Thank you.
Pete Wilver: Yeah. In terms of working capital improvement, honestly, thenumber that I am talking about it represents the usage of cash in workingcapital primarily because of the growth of the company. It basically assumesthat the days are flat year-over-year, and we dont have any operationalimprovement. I expect it will do a little better than that, but its relativelya conservative view on the numbers. And when you say accounts, you mean,accounts thats in the balance sheet?
Jon Wood: Yeah. Just payables, receivables,
Pete Wilver: Yeah. I would say definitely in receivables and inventory,we have a pretty good opportunity to improve our days. As we grow obviously,that well use up some working capital but I think we have an ability to reducethe days down to throw off some additional cash, both inventory andreceivables. Jon Wood - Bank of America And than Pete, are those improvements are they concentratedto any one division. The legacy Fisher distributor business was prettyefficient. Is most of that opportunity in the analytical?
Pete Wilver: Yeah.I would say most of the opportunities, not necessarily just in analytical, butits more in the manufacturing businesses and the businesses where we have acommercial structure, where you have sales offices or you have inventory allover the world and you have smaller pockets of collections, resources andthings like that. Asyou said the legacy Fisher businesses certainly have a lot more infrastructureand are a lot more centralized in terms of how they manage inventory andreceivables, so there is probably a less opportunity for improvement there. Jon Wood - Bank of America Great,thanks.
Pete Wilver: Yes.
Marijn Dekkers: Okay, so just a fewwords in closing. Obviously as you can tell from the tone of this call, wereexcited about another quarter of record performance and we also believe thatthis quarter and then the previous three quarters demonstrate the success ofthe merger integration between Thermo and Fisher. We will continue toleverage our broad capabilities and build on the companys position as theindustry leader, and we look forward to reporting our 2007 yearend results,as well as our expectations for 2008 in our February call. So, as always, thankyou for your support of Thermo Fisher.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for joining todaysconference call. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Thermo Fisher Scientific Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Apicerno you may begin the call.
Kenneth Apicerno: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call today we have Marijn Dekkers, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Marc Casper, Executive Vice President; and Pete Wilver, our Chief Financial Officer. Please be aware that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website thermofisher.com until August 31, 2007. To reach the replay of the call on the website, click on Investors, then Webcast, then presentations. Please also be aware that a copy of the press release setting forth our second quarter 2007 earnings and future expectations is available in the investor section of our website under the heading Quarterly Results. Wed like to begin the call by reading the Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the companys future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the companys Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2007, under the caption Risk Factors which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available in the investor section of our website, under the heading SEC Filings. We also may make forward-looking statements about the benefits of the merger of Thermo Electron and Fisher Scientific including statements about future financial on operating results. The new company's plans, objectives, expectations, and intentions and other statement that are not historical facts. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change, and therefore you should not rely on this forward-looking statements is representing our views as of any date subsequent till today. During this call, well be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures used on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is available on the press release setting forth our second quarter 2007 earnings and future expectations and in the tables accompanying such releases in the Investors section of our website www.thermofisher.com under the heading Quarterly Results. Related information is also available on the Investor section on our website under the heading Webcast and Presentations. With that, Id now like to turn the call over to Marijn.
Marijn Dekkers: Thank you, Ken. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us again on the call today. As you can see in our press release, we have had another record quarter and that means that we have a lot of good news to tell you about this morning. We have now delivered three strong quarters as Thermo Fisher Scientific. And our results clearly show that we are successfully operating as a unified company. Our primary end markets continue to be strong. We have a number of new products across our businesses that are in great demand and we have a culture of operating discipline thats focused on continuously improving our business processes in order to best serve our customers. All of these growth drivers are coming together to fuel our strong performance. The integration of Thermo and Fisher has gone exceedingly well; better than I could have imagined when we closed to merger, nine months ago. I said at last quarter and I will say it again, I really, Im extremely pleased with the way our employees embraced this merger and immediately started working together towards our goals as one company. And its great to see that the collaboration is creating value for our shareholders, our customers, and of course also our employees. So let me quickly summarize the financial results. Q2 again, Im only going to compare our revenues and adjusted operating results except for EPS with pro-forma 2006 as if Thermo and Fisher were combined for all of 2006. And pro-forma our revenues grew 9% to a record $2.39 billion. Our adjusted EPS was also a record increasing 55% to $0.65. Adjusted operating income rose 25% and we also had another great quarter of adjusted operating margin expansion, up 220 basis points to 17%. We also continue to be on-track to deliver the $75 million of merger synergies this year, most of which are cost synergy. So, all in all another very strong quarter resulting in a terrific first half of this year. Little bit of a market update of course, we continue to benefit from the fact that our primary end markets are healthy. And they were really no dramatic changes from what we have seen in the past few quarters. Biotech has remain strong, big pharma continues to get better and both are driving strong sales of our analytical technologies and bioreagents used for life sciences research. Also outsourcing to our BioPharma Services business is growing in the double-digit. Clinical diagnostic markets are showing robust growth resulting in strong sales of our anatomical pathology products used for caner diagnosis and testing. Academic and government markets continue to grow modestly and environmental regulations worldwide continue to drive demand for a range of our products from our portable X-ray instruments to our mercury monitoring system. And lastly industrial markets remain strong creating demand for our process instruments used to optimize the global production of commodity material. On the new product front it was it was also a very productive quarter. Some of you attended ASMS in June, were we showcased a number of new integrated Mass Spectrometry solutions under our Thermo Scientific brand. Customer response since then has been very positive and I'll mentioned a few highlights we introduced two new Orbitrap systems the XL and the discovery giving life science researches new alternatives for protein analysis. From more general applications to those that are highly offend. Our new generations Triple Quad the TSQ Quantum offers more powerful analysis in regulated environmental food, toxicology, drug and clinical research applications. And then also our new SILAC reagent kit optimize our base line of bioreagents for use with our own Mass Spectrometer for more accurate results during protein analysis. In our biosciences business we also opened a new laboratory during the quarter to provide RNAi-based screening services that support drug discovery and development. And this lab features in integrated platform of Thermo Scientific technologies, including our own siRNA and miRNA libraries, high content screening reagents and imaging instrumentation along with robotics and software to automate the workflow. By performing these services for our customers in-house on a contract basis or by transferring the workflow to their own facilities. We expect to accelerate customers option of revolutionary biosciences technologies such as RNAi. Another thing I've noted in biosciences is that we, in the quarter launched a 1,000 leader single use bioreactor for cell-culture processing and this expense our product offering in bioprocess containers which saw a record growth in Q2 as BioPharma demand intensifies for safer and more efficient drug development and production tools. Outside the laboratory, our customers are facing a host of new regulations around environmental and consumer safety issues. It is becoming more and more important for them to know exactly which elements are present in products they manufacture for consumers and we have a range of technologies to meet this need. For example, we just launched the series of new Thermo Scientific portable elemental analyzers called the NITON XL3. And we've visited new product line we are meeting our customer's specific needs in alloy analysis compliance with electronic waste and as it in substance regulations, environmental testing, as well as mining and mineral explorations. A quick word on acquisitions, with much of our growth comes from successful products we also continue to keep a close eye on opportunities for strategic acquisition. We are obviously well equipped to make acquisitions that will bring added value for our customers by extending our technology platform and our market reach. For instance this morning we announced our agreement to acquire a company called Qualigens, which is $24 million division of Glaxo Smith Kline based in Mumbai, India. Qualigens is the leading supplier of laboratory chemicals in India. Giving us the leading position in that countries, research laboratory market. Not only those as acquisition extend our commercial reach in India, but it's also very complimentary to our biosciences business and give those greater access to laboratory chemicals and reagents for the global market Given the major push of the global pharmaceutical industry to conduct more research in India. The new acquisition of Qualigens strength our presence there and will help to accelerate our growth in this important market. A word on guidance, also our performance this quarter added up to a strong in first half. And based on this performance, were again raising our adjusted EPS guidance for 2007. We now expect earnings to be in the range of 250 to 256 versus our estimates earlier of 243 to 253. And this increase would lead to 31 to 34% adjusted EPS growth over our strong results in 2006. We are now also raising our revenue guidance to a range of $9.50 to $9.55 billion over the 9.4 to 9.5 billion we previously announced. And this would result in a 7 to 8% growth in total of the revenues for 2007. So with that, I would like now to turn over the call to our CFO, Peter Wilver, for more details on our financial. Pete?
Peter Wilver: Thanks Marijn. Good morning everyone, as we did last quarter to provide better year-over-year comparisons, the revenue and adjusted operating income numbers, as well as, the working capital metric that Ill discuss with you today will be presented on a pro forma adjusted basis as if Thermo and Fisher had been combined in all of 2006. Comparisons of below the line items such as interest, taxes, share account, and earnings per share will be discussed on an adjusted basis as reported. As Marijn said, our adjusted earnings per share for the quarter grew 55% or $0.65 compared to $0.42 in Q2 last year. We exceeded Wall Street consensus earnings by $0.05 in the quarter $0.01 of which was a result of our lower tax rate. As I discussed on our Q1 call, the calendarization of our earnings has changed as the result for the merger, and part driven by the increase in consumables as a percent of our total revenue. Regardless, we are pleased with our Q2 results, and have increased our full year earnings guidance to reflect our strong first half performance, and higher confidence in achieving our second half goals. Ill cover our revised guidance in more detail at the end of the call. GAAP earnings per share in Q2 were $0.37, up from $0.29 in the prior years quarter, primarily as a result of increased earnings from the merger, and improved operating performance, partially offset by higher acquisition intangible and amortization. Our press release contains a detailed reconciliation between GAAP and adjusted EPS. Operator it appears that someone on the line has their microphone turned on, other than us.
Operator: You have the only live line, sir.
Peter Wilver: Okay. We are getting some background noise. Revenues in Q1 increased 9% year-over-year to 2.39 billion. Organic revenues in the quarter were up 6% excluding non-merger related acquisitions and divestitures, and favorable currency translation of 2%. Bookings slightly exceeded revenues this quarter, by just over 1%. In the Analytical Technologies segment, revenues rose 13% on a reported basis and 8% organically. In the quarter, we saw a strong growth across all our major markets including life sciences, diagnostic and industrial. In addition, to the market strength our new product introductions also continued to be a key growth driver, specifically in our mass spectrometry, elemental analysis and environmental product lines. In the Laboratory Products and Services segment, revenues for the quarter increased 6% on our reported basis and 4% organically. We saw growth across all of our major market segments with particular strength in BioPharma. By region, we saw organic growth across all our major regions. North America grew organically at slightly below the company average and Europe, and Asia Pacific grew slightly above the company average. The rest of the world grew over 10% from a relatively small base. Moving on to adjusted operating income; Q2 adjusted operating income increased 25% year-over-year to 405 million. Adjusted operating margin was 17%, up 220 basis points from 14.8% in the year ago quarter on a pro forma basis. Stock compensation expense was 12 million in Q2, as compare to 18million in the prior year on a pro forma basis, which contributed 20 basis points to the year-over-year margin expansion in the quarter. The balance of the margin expansion came from all through on our organic incremental revenues and in the impact of our integration, sourcing and productivity initiatives. Analytical Technologies Q2 adjusted operating income it increased by 32% year-over-year, and adjusted operating margin was 19.8%, up 280 basis points versus 17% last year. Laboratory Product and Services, Q2 adjusted operating income, increased by 18%, and adjusted operating margin increased by 140 basis points to 13.9%, as compared to 12.5% in the prior year. For the whole company, adjusting gross margin was 41% in Q2, up 120 basis points from 39.8% in the year ago quarter. Primarily as a result of price increases net of inflation, some favorable mix related acquisitions, volume leverage and the impact of our sourcing and productivity initiatives. Adjusted SG&A was 21.6% of revenue in Q2, down 80 basis points from 22.4% in the year ago quarter. Primarily as a result of volume leverage integration synergies and lower stock compensation expense. Partially offset by some favorable one-time at history in the previous years quarter. On a year to date basis SG&A, as the percentage of revenue is favorable by a 120 basis points versus last year. We have taken a lot of synergy related cost out of the business in the first half of the year and we expect to reinvest some of those savings in the second half for the year to drive long-term growth. So you can say that there was somewhat over synergies at this point. R&D expense was 2.5% of revenue in Q2, down 10 basis points from 2.6% in the year ago quarter. Analytical technologies R&D expense was 4.8% of revenue down 40 basis points from the prior year. Moving to below line items adjusted net interest expense was $23 million in Q2 up $18 million from the prior years reported. Primarily as result of merger, other income of $2 million was up $1milllion from the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate was 24.2% in Q2, down from 30.6% last year for Thermo standalone and also down from our previous full year forecast to 25%. During the quarter we continue to put forward significant effort in this area, and we're successful on implementing some additional tax planning, that lowered our tax rate forecast for the year to 24.6%. Average diluted shares were 446 million for the quarter, up significantly from the prior year as result of the merger. We continue to expect full year average diluted shares to be in a range of 440 million to 445 million in 2007. In terms of balance sheet performance we ended the quarter with $974 million in cash and in investment, up $283 million from Q1 primarily as a result of strong operating cash flow and option proceeds. Partially offset by paying down our short-term debt. Our debt decrease by $147 million from Q1 $2.2 billion as a result of paying down short-term debt. Receivables day sales outstanding was 54 days flat with the prior year on the pro forma basis. Inventory days of supply was 76 days also flat with the prior year on a pro forma basis if you exclude the four day increase that resulted from the purchase accounting inventory step up. Q2 year-to-date cash flow from continuing ops was $558 million. After deducting net capital expenditures of $58 million Q2, year-to-date free cash flow from continuing operations was $500 million. For 2007 we now expect free cash flow from continuing operations to be in the range of $1 billion net of merger related cash out flows. So, let me just review with you the guidances that weve in our press release. We're increasing our adjusted EPS guidance's to $2.50 to $2.56 as compared to our previous guidances of $243 to $253. Primarily as a result of our solid first half operating performance and a slightly lower tax rate. This range -- represents 31% to 34 % growth over our 2006 adjusted EPS of a $91. We're also increasing our fully year revenue guidances to $9.50 to $9.55 billion as compared to our previous guidance's of $9.4 to $9.5 billion as a result of more favorable fund exchange translation. This range represents to 7% to 8% increase over our pro forma 2006 revenues of $8.87 billion. Finally, our integration project continued to progress well and a good number of them have already been completed. So we remained confident that we will achieve $75 million of synergies in 2007. So in summary, that was another excellent quarter for us in terms of growth and operational performance. We are pleased with the results and believe that we are positioned well to meet our goals in 2007.
Kenneth Apicerno: Okay with that we move up to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Derik De Bruin from UBS.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good morning.
Marijn Dekkers: Good morning Derik
Peter Wilver: Hi, Derik
Derik De Bruin: So I am going to ask you guys the, two most frequently asked questions that I guess. The first one is, that were obviously consolidating industry there is diagnostic companies is following by the website everyday and things going on all around us. I keep getting to ask, what you guys are going to do, in terms of M&A being -- I know your comment is mostly analytical technologies, give a little bit more color in terms of what you're think on M&A front?
Marijn Dekkers: Okay.
Derik De Bruin: Quickly more long line to sizable deal.
Marijn Dekkers: Sizable deal. Well we just, did a quite of sizable deal in November, right though and we can feel that, we are actually at the forefront of during sizable deals in our industry having just put this mergers together. And we're now, well this is our third quarter that weve reporting as one company and you can hear that we are quite confident that we are on the right track. So I get the question I love to Derik, whats next and does the integration of Thermo and Fisher prevent you from doing other bigger deal in the near future. And its sort of the answer is really, it doesnt prevent us from doing bigger deal in the future, because from a management capacity point of view some of our divisions are really not that affected by an extra work load as a result of the Fisher integration. For into scientific instrument, where we have must taken a chromatography and elemental and molecular analysts is a division, there was one of the key divisions in the legacy Thermo, its not a key division in our combined company. And its really not that affected by, from a management point of view by the merger with Fisher. And other divisions like laboratory equipment are very effective by and the acquisitions and the mergers, weve done over the last two years. And they really need to have management focused on the implementation of the strategy and the integration. So in theory its a little good but I would say that in general and in the buyer restrains area, scientific, instrument and diagnostic, we can take on a good size acquisition if the right opportunity would come along.
Derik De Bruin: Okay, thats helpful. I mean the other question I get is always on the lines of, which is you know, everybody on the buy side have or every one on the sale side has a buy stock -- obviously sale side is not that bright sometimes what we missing about it I guess what can potentially go wrong with that, what keeps you awake at night?
Marijn Dekkers: I dont think there is much that can go wrong here, quite honestly because -- it is a business with 54% consumable, 16% services and software and so two third of our business is a relatively stable stream of demand, of course capital cycles are what they are, on the other hand 66% of our customer base is in life science and healthcare. So I think from a market exposure point of view and a product line particularly to the high content of consumables. We are at pretty low risk enterprise. So thats not keeping me awake at night. What I think a lot of about is we -- how do we truly, competitively leverage all these capabilities that we now have in the company in the most optimum way, rather than we got in this, the tremendous number of great asset, technologies, market reach through the channel, through the catalogue and all in one company now is just phenomenal in terms of its capability. How do we optimally take advantage of that? Were going to take advantage of it but how do we optimally take advantage of it comparatively. Thats something that we give a lot of thought to and -- our success and thinking through that will to some extent determine our success two, three four years out. But this is not a down scenario, this is more of, how good can be upside scenario be.
Derik De Bruin: Great, thanks. Ill get back in Queue.
Marijn Dekkers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken: Good morning, gentlemen.
Marijn Dekkers: Good morning, Ross.
Ross Muken: You know that sort of strength across all markets, but I want to -- sort to focusing on, I wonder to. In terms of, the pharmaceutical strength you are seeing and this was noted by another competitor of yours as well. Do you think this is sort of a recovery from the bottom where we are getting back just sort of more normalized growth level, or do you believe were actually coming to a point, where pharma might be reaccelerating again to the degree where we could get back to more of a traditional growth rate from that market longer term? So, its a really question to sort of the sustainability of this recovery, and do we sort of come back and then flatten of or do we comeback and hopefully continue to grow?
Peter Wilver: No, Ross this is Marijn, I dont -- I think its been a very gradual recovery so far. Obviously, very early on 2005 it was a disaster we remember that, and then 06 let me start to getting better in the second half of 05 or 06 got better again, 07 is better again. But this is not in my mind and inflection point to the good old day. That may come next year. I actually think that when you are listing two pharma companies then they are confident that the some of the issues will be behind then within the next 12 to 18 months and that the companies will be operating more in a historical type of investments scheme from an R&D point of view. But I dont recognize what we are seeing in terms of strength of Pharma and all of a sudden inflection point with an arrow pointing up all the way to the sky, not yet.
Ross Muken: And could you also -- you touched upon the acquisitions bay in India, and currently you guys have done a very good job of being early in many of the emerging markets. Can you talk to us about in India, but more specifically in China what were seeing from sort of a capital equipment investment trend line and can you talk about sort of the sustainability, the growth there. I mean is there any sort of wavering in demand in that market? And given the strength of the Chinese economy, going into the Olympics, is there any opportunity potentially that we could see obviously a up tick in 08 versus even the strong 06 and 07?
Marijn Dekkers: Ross, well let Marc Casper answer that question. Okay?
Marc Casper: Good morning, Ross. In terms of China, an analytical instrument demand, it continues to be very strong. Mass Spectrometry, life science and industrial applications, food safety market continues to be strong and accelerating. The traditional strength of that, ten years elemental analysis of all varieties for infrastructure, as well as consumer product base safety applications has been incredibly strong. And I actually believe that those types of products will continue to see good growth because of safety concerns. All of the scares that we read about in the paper really does reflect well on these types of products that we make. So, I think well see good demand. I think infrastructure for the Olympics is probably at the end of that part of the cycle, given how close for this now. But were seeing accelerating demand on instrumentation in China. In India, obviously it looks encouraging as well with the move towards more pharmaceutical outsourcing to the Indian market and thats obviously very good for our Mass Spectrometry business as well.
Ross Muken: I know we are supposed to keep it to two questions. I have a quick third one Just based on what Derek said sparks something for me. What do you make of what GE and Siemens and Roche are doing from sort of an acquisition standpoint in the diagnostics space? I mean you have internally within you, as you had mentioned it out in chemical pathology business, similar to Ventana and immunohistochemistry and a bunch of other diagnostic assets you got from ABgene. What do you think their strategy is? What is it due to competition and what do you think about the valuations paid for those assets relative to the intrinsic value in your business.
Marijn Dekkers: Well, its true. Its a complicated question particularly because the intent obviously was for the two-two merger, then they decide not to do it. So, you can talk from both sides of the argument.
Marc Casper: And I think Im not an expert. I dont know GE what said in two years, but it makes sense for them to have a similar strategy to Siemens, which is to have a broader diagnostics platform and have imaging and clinical chemistry together in one company. In the end when you walk into a hospital you have an imaging department and you have a clinical chemistry laboratory and overtime these two will be more integrated. So I can understand thats from a covering the customer based point of view. We at Thermo Fisher are doing the same thing in research laboratories. We say we like to have complimentary technology because in the end we will put a better-integrated workflow together than only just sell single individual technologies to the customer. So, I can see the -- of all that and the fact that it sells through, I really dont have any inside information on why that happened, but the strategy and principle makes sense to me. In terms of whats being fate for these assets, I dont understand why people are paying the prices theyre paying for these assets, because life sciences healthcare, if you are running a company, you know the market will always be there, and it will fairly stable on people getting older -- we want all -- we all will invent a medicine and hence, to be a provider to a life sciences and healthcare markets is a very good place to be. So if youre GE or Siemens and you have all these choices that you can make of which different markets to participate in, I think this is one of the best. So I can understand that they are willing to pay up to a kind of bigger presence in it.
Ross Muken: Great. Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with J.P. Morgan.
Tycho Peterson: Good morning.
Marc Casper: Good morning
Marijn Dekkers: Good morning, Tycho.
Tycho Peterson: Marijn, I want you to follow up a little bit on some of your commentary around the biosciences service business, and you talked about some of the cash creating services youre offering. I guess can you just kind of give us a sense in terms of some of these expanded service offerings, what the direction anyhow this business model could take? I mean obviously, youre not going to go down path of being a full fledged CRO, but this certainly, given your breadth of expertise, a lot of areas you could go in. How broadly are you looking at building up a service business and what other areas could you potentially get into?
Marijn Dekkers: Thats an interesting question because the funniest thing as if, you are sitting on a really exciting new technologies like RNAi, it is just unbelievable in terms of its potential. And youll find that the customers are not experts in, how to apply this technology. So, its one thing to then demonstrated in your own laboratory and show them how to use RNAi, its another thing to demonstrate. Wait a minute, if you want us to do that work for you, we can do that as well, and we have the capability and capacity to do that. So its for us a little bit of a different model now where we are staying, we are not just out to sell you RNAi and demonstrate to you and our demo let, how to use it. But if you want us to do that experiment for you, in this very-very complicated new technology, well do it, maybe well only do it for half a year and then we transition this technology and the workflow and the instrumentation and the consumables to them in their own lab. Once they are comfortable with the concept. So, its sort of an extension of a demonstration laboratory capability that is a service to the customer. And I think we will see more of that in the future because it a very good way to drive adaptation of the new technology with the customer base thats not really use to it.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then secondly on the manufacturing side of things you talked about the disposable manufacturing container and its been a while since we had enough data on how youre manufacturing businesses. Can you just remind us, how large that business is today and I think going back my memories for bio which historically is skewed more towards the research market on the media side, is that correct? And maybe you can talk to some other trends around trends around serum-free and animal-origin-free, what direction you are hoping to take that business?
Marijn Dekkers: Yeah. Well we have, as a result of Fishers for a bio acquisition and with product lines Hyclone for instance. And also, another the price of Fishers with NALGENE and NUNC more on the bioprocess container side, both product line. We have quiet a nice position in bioprocess and production support, and it goes as you say, it goes from serum, media to also the container, the bags in which the cell reactions are taking place, containers. Its growing very rapidly because our biotechnology customers want to get away from steel tanks, and of a lot of regulations coming with them in terms of cleaning, and procedures and disposable reactors are really preferred lot of cost saving and lot of ease of use there. So resting have very good growth trend in media and bioprocess containers driven by the ease of use for the biotech customer. And then your comments on serum versus media, everybody knows that overtime animals containing serum is kind of grow less than the media. We have a position in both of these product lines and this is I think a very-very gradual transition overtime that, were playing both sides of.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, great thank you very much.
Marijn Dekkers: Okay thanks Tycho.
Operator: Out next question comes from Tony Butler from Lehman Brothers.
Tony Butler: Yes. Thank you. Excuse me; you alluded to the to NITON XL. And Im curious, is if fact its true to be XRF analyzers, maybe this, one of the fastest growing products of Thermo. If thats true, could you provide, what of those instruments actually cost and the reason of Im asking is because is it possible that customers even though an advantages that are portable, but is it possible that customers actually could purchase one of those instruments, which tend to be perhaps cheaper than one of the larger instruments or either a mass aspect. And therefore would that eliminate, potentially eliminate the purchase of a larger or several larger instruments? Thanks.
Marijn Dekkers: Well. For you Tony, we can get you a very good price on one of those portable analyzers.
Tony Butler: Yes, discount. Thanks.
Marijn Dekkers: Yes. We never do that for anybody else. But they are in the range of 25,000 to 30,000 to 35,000 something thats very high and maybe a little higher. And basically these are analyzers that you can, its almost like a hair blowers, its like you hold it against the surface and it will tell you almost in sententiously what elements, what metals in particular are in that surface, in the specimen, in very high accuracy. So you can find out whether area is let in paint or whether are not. We could even go a restaurant and point it out at the fish you ordered and see, thus mercury in the fish. That, how precise these instrument are? They are not really replacing mass spec because our large laboratory instrument because those are very often used for even more precise, and high throughput type of experiments like in a lot of quality lab they have an elemental analyzer, and theyre going to do 4000 samples a day, high throughput all kinds of quality samples from all over the place. Its going to be impossible to go and put a gun like that, portable analyzer again for all of these 4000 samples. So, it is a little bit of a different application, but the important part is that its an application now, where in the field people get immediate feedback of what, substances are in the sample that they are looking at, which is very important for environmental applications, Homeland Security Safety application like its lead in paint take sample. In France there is legislation that you cannot paint over paint that has lead in it, so if a painter comes in to your house, so you need to know whether or not the existing paint layer has lead in it. Well, if you have to scrape up a of piece of paint, send it to a lab and get the result, two days later thats pretty inconvenience for that French painter. Now theyve put that portable X-ray analyzer then they get an instantaneous result. So those type of markets weve now sort of -- are now able to address that really didnt exist before and youre right, its one of our fastest growing product line.
Tony Butler: Thanks very much Marijin.
Marijn Dekkers: Hey, thanks Tony.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Groberg from Merrill Lynch.
Jon Groberg: Hi, good morning. Congratulations on a fantastic quarter.
Marijn Dekkers: Thank you, John.
Peter Wilver: Thanks.
Jon Groberg: I just want to spend a little more time on the 60% your business on the lab products and services. Can you just, I know a large portion of that is more based in the U.S. so the 6% number? Can you just give me a sense as to organically, what that number was as far as growth this quarter?
Peter Wilver: Organically in laboratory product and services, that was 4%.
Jon Groberg: 4%?
Peter Wilver: Yeah.
Jon Groberg: Okay. And can you spread a little more color, the margin expansion there was phenomenal at 13.9%. Can you just maybe break out; I know you mentioned integration, procurement sourcing and a productivity enchancement. So, if you can give a little more color as to what -- if you can break out individually, what each contributed?
Peter Wilver: We really dont give the detailed analysis of what the margin expansion is. Its pretty balanced between those elements. We focused on price obviously thats a little bit offset by inflation. Certainly, the organic growth brings through at a -- closed to a gross margin pull through. And then, certainly we have productivity, and integration initiatives that impact both segments, as well as, the corporate expenses.
Jon Groberg: Pretty balanced I guess with the...
Peter Wilver: Yeah, I would say one quarter and other might shipped a little bit, but its reasonably balance in terms of the contribution to the margin expansion.
Jon Groberg: Okay. And then, may be either -- you made this comment but you and Marijin can discuss. You mentioned North America was a little weaker at least relative to the company average. You have more exposure to the lab product services, but may be expand a little more as to what youre seeing in North America, and maybe why its going a little below the company average in your view?
Marijn Dekkers: Yeah. This is Marijn. North America was very strong last year, and Europe was just beginning to recover last year. And I think you see somewhat in the general economy that particularly Europe is now little stronger than -- a stronger momentum than the U.S. And then Asia is going quite steady at very good rate. But I think we see an overall reflection of little bit of the economy there where Europe is growing somewhat faster than U.S. at this point.
Jon Groberg: Okay. So it's sound just accomplish, or is needed to build on little of our academic and government, I think you mention -- still kind of more meager growth that you feeling, is there anything is going to changes there or that environment still stays the same?
Marijn Dekkers: No, I mean I think the NIH budget is what it is, thats probably will grow another 1% or 2%. So you know it is what it is. You know what we often forget and as I said this a few time, you cannot just focus on the NIH budget when you think about academic or government spending particularly academic. Because we benefit a lot from donations and in Life Sciences areas, their people donating $10 million - $20 million and new labs gets build for Cancer Research or whatever and those -- part of that money flows to us as well. And nobody is really keeping track of that, but it I think does help the overall academic spending.
Jon Groberg: But you -- one smaller company yesterday, thought that they felt like maybe government was in academic, where some of the per stings are being loose in the little bit necessarily seeing any change there from a larger, a broader prospective.
Marijn Dekkers: No. Its very high for us to break that all down with ultimate precision acquire.
Jon Groberg: Al right. For your better prospect hence for that?
Marijn Dekkers: Yeah.
Jon Groberg: Thanks.
Marijn Dekkers: Okay. Thank John.
Jon Groberg: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Quintin Lai with Robert W Baird.
Quintin Lai: Hi. Good morning.
Marijn Dekkers: Good morning.
Quintin Lai: Mike, congratulations on the nice quarter.
Marijn Dekkers: Thank you.
Quintin Lai: With respect to the China and India, then so much talk about that being one of the faster growing geographies, so much competition is going over there. How do you view yourself is?
Marijn Dekkers: Okay.
Quintin Lai: To maintain in that competitive advanced, glowing faster in the markets there, is it through moves like the acquisitions that you made, and just making sure that you have an established position there or can new companies come in there and still take share?
Marijn Dekkers: Well, I think in those countries, scale is important, anybody can sell something in Boston or San Jose any small company can, but the ability particularly I am talking of western base company European or the U.S., to go and drive revenue growth in China or a place like India, you really have to have a significant support structure in play. Not just about the sale of something, but also deserve the support -- the demo labs even local manufacturing. So I thing part of the reason we are seeing lot of consolidation smaller companies being bought up by larger companys is the market as become so global that it become hard to a smaller companys to service  you know the far away market. And therefore  you know is like an acquisition Qualigens for us in India make us bigger in India -- first of all its a good company but it give us scale more present and as a results of that more people on the ground, more assets, more customer connectivity and I think, overtime that helps particularly in emerging you know higher growth areas like China and India. And thats why we have traditionally particularly with China, but also with India and years ago, Im talk three, four years ago good quite a lot of investment in the ground. And for that reason, didnt payout in the first week -- but we're just paying out now.
Quintin Lai: Thank you. And then Pete just a repeat. That did you say that you expect for the full year tax rate of about 24.6%?
Peter Wilver: Thats Correct.
Quintin Lai: And so, is that reasonable then to take that forward.
Peter Wilver: Yes.
Quintin Lai: All right. And any update on the vitality index.
Peter Wilver: Its around 23% year to date.
Quintin Lai: All Right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Knight with Thomas Weisel.
Paul Knight: I lost to get into queue quick contest, didnt I Marijn. A peak what are you  where are we with operating margins with the combined organization so, thermal when the past whatever Q3 that was you know ops margins and Q3 would be down. What do we have for margins in second half now?
Marijn Dekkers: Well, you know, obviously, as I said in the beginning of the call that the variations quarter-to-quarter is little bit dampened. But I would save for the second half we still have an impact  relatively soft Q3 because of Europe and then a rebound in Q4, but just not as pronounced that it use to be just for standalone Thermo. Both put in the top-line as well as margins.
Paul Knight: Okay. And Marijn you were selling some service companies I think seven years ago, now you dont seem to be interested in doing that you wanted to be in it, right? I mean whats going on now versus then that you want to be a service firm as well?
Marijn Dekkers: Well, which company are you referring to, Lancaster Labs?
Paul Knight: Yeah.
Marijn Dekkers: That wasnt me. At that time, Thermo needed to focus on core, these seven years ago when we were 24 public companies. And we decided to just focus on instruments, we then  when we recognized our huge installed base started driving surface support for our customers more and more because quite honestly we would have instrumentation or equipment that we dont even offer our customers of service contract in the original quote when we were selling something thats been those days. So we have been since then focused on service. I think that does Fisher had a much broader service model and driven by an initially the catalog business and been still close to the customers in the laboratories and seeing what they were struggling with so Fisher really picked up for instance the support in clinical trials particularly from, the packaging point of view. So theyve picked up some very good services businesses that we are now very intend on growing and those are doing very well.
Paul Knight: Okay. And lastly are you, back to the first question are you saying that we should build in sequential declining our margin and revenue for Q3?
Marc Casper: I am not going to direct you what to put in your model, but just on a relative basis I was saying that Q3 is still a weaker quarter and Q4 is a stronger quarter even for the combined company.
Paul Knight: Yes, Okay. Thanks.
Marijn Dekkers: Thank you Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Sullivan with Leerink Swann
John Sullivan: Hey, guys good morning.
Marijn Dekkers: Good morning John.
John Sullivan: Couple of quick questions can you just post us on pressures on the material side of the business you would talked in the past of having good pricing power, but needing good pricing power in some businesses because materials prices continued to pressure you, can you just post us on that?
Marc Casper: Yes, John its a very important question because we feel more and more pressure particularly on the metal sides steel, copper, nickel very expensive, so we are clearly seeing inflationary pressures in products thats use a lot of metal. Fortunately weve always been very focused on pricing as well so were trying to pass that on as best as we can, but the inflation but the inflation and pressures is quiet significant. Interestingly, more so on the metals than it is on oil based products, so we see some inflationary pressure on things like plastics, as well, which obviously we use for the consumables the laboratory consumables business, and but less sold than metal.
John Sullivan: Appreciate that. And then did you, I think in the past Ive talked about your natural hedge so thats in your business from your business which customers that are positively correlated with commodity prices minding an energy alike, can you remind us what percentage of your revenues come from those type of customers?
Peter Wilver: Its was pretty low now it was Id say about 10% in legacy turnover and is less than 5% now, so still theyre doing very well and we liked our business so theres somewhat of the hedge effect, that does not I think as it used to be.
John Sullivan: I understand. And lastly if you dont mind, you talked in last quarter about the coal plant mercury monitoring opportunity that you see, can you just, is there any update on that? And then can you just help us on think about how an opportunity like that might find its way into other markets? Does it have to happen by regulation in other markets or does it happen by through other means? And can you comment on, what that might be?
Marijn Dekkers: Yes, this is the mercury continues monitoring system that you are talking about, every coal fired power plant in the United States needs to monitor its mercury emission, by January 1st 2009, okay. So we are one of two companies that has been approved by the EPA to sell these systems to the coal-fired power plants. And we have a beautiful system and the demand is really phenomenal for it. Were doing very well. Nice growth. But its sort of a -- its a single market. After 2009, in the United States, people arent going to install these things anymore. Theyll service -- they need to service for them, but not the original equipment. And this only translates when this type of legislature would be implemented in Europe or in China or Russia or somewhere else. So this is really legislation driven.
John Sullivan: Thanks very much.
Marijn Dekkers: Thanks, John.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)
Marijn Dekkers: We have time probably for just one quick question.
Operator: I am not showing any other question, Sir.
Marijn Dekkers: Okay. Well, let me wrap up the call then. Thank you very much everybody for being on the call. I think you can see that with our excellent performance we are showing that weve stuck successfully, come together as one company now, Thermo Fisher Scientific. And we plan to build on this strong foundation. By really leveraging all of the capabilities we have to better serve our customers. And we really look forward to updating you on our progress. So thank you, again and thanks for your support.
Marc Casper: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-10-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Thermo Electron Corporation Third Quarter 2006 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce our moderator for the call, Mr. Kenneth Apicerno, Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Mr. Apicerno, you may begin the call.
Kenneth J. Apicerno: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call today we have Marijn Dekkers, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Marc Casper, Senior Vice President; and Pete Wilver, our Chief Financial Officer. Please be aware that this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website www.thermo.com until November 24, 2006. To reach the replay of the call on the website, click on About Thermo and then Investors. Please also be aware that a copy of the press release setting forth our third quarter 2006 earnings and future expectations is available in the Investor sector of the website under the heading Press Releases. Id like to begin the call by reading the Safe Harbor statement. Various remarks that we may make about the companys future expectations, plans, and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 1, 2006, under the caption Risk Factors which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available in the Investor section of our website under the heading SVC Filings. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change, and therefore you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to today. During the call well be referring to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP or reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures used on this call. The most directly comparable GAAP measure is available in the press release putting forth our third quarter 2006 earnings and future expectations and in the tables accompanying such releases in the Investor section of our website www.thermo.com under the heading Press Releases. Related information is also available in the investor section of our website under the heading Financial Reports and then under Reconciliation of Financial Information Q3 2006. So with that, Id like to now turn the call over to Marijn.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Thanks Ken, good morning everyone. Were glad you could join us this morning because we have a lot of good news to share with you today. It was another strong quarter. We again delivered excellent financial results and were also making tremendous progress on our pending merger with Fisher Scientific, which we believe will make us an even stronger company going forward. Before I comment on the status of the merger let me first review some of the highlights of the quarter with you. As you can read in our press release our growth momentum continued in the third quarter with strong performance across our businesses. We had a 7% increase in revenues and most of that was organic growth. Adjusted EPS growth was 16% and adjusted operating income growth was 15%. Im also pleased to report that we had great expansion of our adjusted operating margin again this quarter, up 110 basis points. Weve been able to consistently improve our operating margins mainly because we are selling more new products which tend to have higher margins. Two new products in particular that are doing exceptionally well are our breakthrough Orbitrap Mass Spec system which we introduced last year, and the other one is our ICP series of spectroscopy systems for elemental analysis which we launched at PITCOM this year. We are clearly the technology leader in our industry and are consistently introducing new products across our businesses. For the year-to-date, our product vitality index, which is the percentage of sales that comes from new product introductions in the last two years, rose to a record 27%. Now, in addition to new products, other factors are also contributing to our ongoing margin expansion. There is a focus that we have company wide on productivity through our PPI program, there is a focus we have on getting priced across our product lines, and also our ability to achieve synergies by successfully integrating acquisitions is helping our margins. On acquisitions I want to mention that with $1 billion in cash flow after the Fisher merger and a strong balance sheet, we will continue to be active on the acquisition front, especially considering the fact that our industry is still highly fragmented and therefore will likely continue to undergo a fair amount of consolidation. The majority of our divisions will not be involved in the Thermo-Fisher integration, because this primarily affects our lab equipment and diagnostic product lines. So, those other divisions will be ready to take on an acquisition if there is a good opportunity. A few comments on the markets  our growth initiatives obviously are being fueled by our major end-markets that are quite strong, and that has a positive effect on both our business segments. Similar to what weve been seeing all year, the global industrial markets remain strong, especially commodity materials production, driving demand for the online analysis instruments we provide in our measurement and control segments. And then sales of our analytical technologies used primarily for research continue to be robust as well in live life and laboratory sciences. Biotech is growing the fastest but our sales to big pharma are also up over last year, and academic markets are showing modest growth. So, let me say a few words on our pending merger with Fisher Scientific. As you probably saw in our announcement last week, the SEC has cleared the merger with the agreement that we sell Fishers $17 million Genevac business. This means that no further review is needed in the United States. Our last step in completing the merger is to get clearance from the European Commission. The EC has concerns similar to those of the SEC, so last week we responded to their concerns with the exact same offered selling Genevac. Now, the new deadline for the EC to reply to this offer is November 9th and that is the date we now anticipate that the merger will close. As we get closer to completion, the excitement surrounding the merger is clearly building, both among our customer and our employees. Im sure youve seen that Fisher reported some excellent third quarter numbers a few days ago. With Thermo and Fisher both doing so well I dont think there could be a better time for us to join forces. Together we will transform the life laboratory and health sciences industry so that our customers can more effectively do their important work that leads to a healthier, cleaner, and safer world. On guidance, before I turn the call over to our CFO Peter Wilbur, let me review our guidance for the rest of the year with you. Based on our excellent performance, we are increasing our 2006 adjusted EPS guidance now to a range of $1.74 to $1.77 from our previous estimate of $1.68 to $1.73. This accounts for $0.10 per share of stock option expense. The revised guidance would put us 18% to 20% ahead of last years results on a pro-forma basis including stock option expense. We also now expect higher revenues of $2.88 billion to $2.90 billion in 2006 versus the $2.81 billion to $2.86 billion we originally estimated. That would lead to growth of 9% to 10% revenues over 2005. Now, on top of that, assuming we complete the merger with Fisher on November 9th, we expect $0.01 to $0.03 of accretion to our adjusted EPS in the fourth quarter, and we plan to update our 2007 guidance for the new combined company in mid-December as weve done in the past. So with that, Ill turn the call over to Pete for his financial review. Pete.
Peter M. Wilver: Thanks Marijn, good morning everyone. Just as a reminder we began reporting our financials including FAS 123R stock option expense beginning in the first quarter of this year. For purposes of comparison, the prior year consolidated numbers that I will be discussing today have been adjusted on a pro-forma basis to include stock option expense where applicable. In the third quarter, stock option expense was $6.7 million or 0.9% of revenue and approximately $0.03 of earnings per share. This amount was $1.5 million higher than the prior year on a pro-forma basis, which unfavorably impacted our adjusted operating margin by 20 basis points and our adjusted EPS by approximately 7/10s of a cent. For the full year, our current guidance for Thermo on a standalone basis includes approximately $0.10 per share of stock option expense versus $0.08 per share in 2005 on a pro-forma basis. As Marijn said, our adjusted EPS for the quarter grew 16% to $0.44 as compared to $0.38 last year. GAAP earnings per share in the third quarter was $0.30, which is lower than adjusted earnings per share primarily as a result of acquisition intangibles amortization, and down from last years $0.35 principally due to a gain in the prior year related to the sale of our point of care business and stock option expense, partially offset by our significantly improved operating performance. Our press release contains a detailed reconciliation between GAAP and adjusted EPS. Revenues in the quarter increased 7% or $46 million year-over-year to $725 million. Organic revenues in the quarter were up 6% excluding favorable currency translation of 2% and the net effect of acquisitions and divestitures. Bookings again exceeded revenues in this quarter by about 3%. In life and laboratory sciences, revenues rose 5% both on a reported basis and organically. In the quarter, we saw strong growth in both our life sciences and industrial markets. Our new product introductions specifically in mass spectrometry and elemental analysis product lines also continued to be a key growth driver. In measurement control, revenues rose 11% on a reported basis and 7% organically. We saw a strong demand in our commodity materials and industrial markets driven by our online process instrumentation. By regions, Europe and Asia-Pacific both grew in the high single digits and China grew at over 15%. North America was up slightly and the rest of the world rebounded from last year to grow at over 30%. Adjusted operating income increased 15% or $14 million year-over-year to $108.7 million. Adjusted operating margin was 15%, up 110 basis points from 13.9% in the year ago quarter. As I mentioned previously, stock option expense was $6.7 million in the third quarter, which was $1.5 million or 20 basis points higher than the prior year. Stock option expense is not allocated to this segment for adjusted reporting purposes. Life and laboratory sciences adjusted operating income increased by 13% year-over-year and adjusted operating margin was 18.3%, up 120 basis points versus 17.1% last year. The increase in margin rate was primarily attributable to pull through on incremental organic revenues, price increases net of inflation, and the benefit of our sourcing and productivity initiatives. In measurement control, adjusted operating income increased by 28% and adjusted operating margin increased by 190 basis points to 14.2% versus 12.3% in the prior year. The increase in margin rate was primarily attributable to productivity improvements, price increases net of inflation, and pull through on incremental organic revenues. Adjusted gross margin was 46.7%, up 150 basis points from 45.2% in the year ago quarter, primarily driven by price increases net of inflation and the benefit of our sourcing and productivity initiatives. SG&A was 26.4% of revenue in the third quarter, up 90 basis points from the year ago quarter. The increase was primarily driven by a nonrecurring pension adjustment as well as a slight shift in our revenue to businesses with a higher percentage of direct sales. We expect SG&A as a percentage of revenue to return to recent historical levels in the fourth quarter. R&D was 5.3% of revenue in the third quarter, down 50 basis points from the year ago quarter; however, were continuing to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our R&D spend as evidenced by our growth from new products and our strong product vitality index that Marijn commented on. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 30.6%, which is in line with our previously communicated full year forecast rate of 31%. This years rate is 2% lower than last years third quarter adjusted rate of 32.6%, primarily as a result of the year-to-date adjustment in the prior year related to the estimated impact of a change in U.K. tax law. The lower tax rate resulted in about $0.01 year-over-year increase in adjusted earnings per share. Net interest expense was essentially flat over the prior year and other income decreased $2.7 million or about $0.01 per share due to lower securities gains. Average diluted shares were down 2.1% to 162.2 million shares reflecting the full benefit of the shares we bought back late in the second quarter. The lower share count contributed about $0.01 to adjusted EPS versus the prior year. In terms of the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $173 million in cash and investments, down $25 million from the second quarter. This decrease was driven primarily by paying down our short-term borrowings and partially offset by strong operating cash flow. Our debt was down $100 million versus the second quarter to $539 million, primarily as a result of paying down our short-term borrowings as I just mentioned. Receivables DSO came in at 67 days, a 1-day improvement versus both the prior year and prior quarter, and inventory days of supply were also down 1 day as compared to the prior year to 95 days. We expect these favorable trends to continue and are driving to improve our working capital metrics by at least 5% during 2006. Cash flow from continuing operations in the third quarter were strong at $101.1 million. After deducting net capital expenditures of $8 million, operating cash flow from continuing operations was $93 million. This amount is $47 million higher than the prior year, primarily as a result of improved working capital performance and higher adjusted net income. So, let me just review with you the guidance that we have on our press release. Based on our excellent operating performance, we are increasing our full year 2006 adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $1.74 to $1.77 from our previous guidance of $1.68 to $1.73 including $0.10 of stock option expense. This range represents an 18% to 20% increase over our pro-forma 2005 adjusted earnings of $1.47. Were also increasing our full year reported revenue guidance to a range of $2.88 billion to $2.9 billion, which is 9% to 10% increase above 2005, reflecting our year-to-date growth performance. This guidance does not include any benefit from the Fisher merger. Assuming we complete the merger on November 9th, we expect accretion to our adjusted EPS of $0.01 to $0.03 in the fourth quarter. This would translate to $0.06 to $0.08 accretion for the full year due to the favorable effect of our full year weighted average shares on the incremental earnings from Fisher in the fourth quarter. In summary, this was another excellent quarter for us operationally. We again exhibited our ability to expand adjusted operating margins and were on track to achieve our 2006 margin expansion goal of well above 100 basis points. We also grew our revenues driven by strong new product introductions and healthy end-markets. Overall, these results position us well for a strong finish to the year. With that Ill turn it over to questions.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Operator, well take questions now.
Operator: At this time, if you would like to pose a question press * then the number 1 on your telephone keypad. In order to allow everyone in the queue an opportunity to address the Thermo Electron management team, I would like to ask that you limit your time on the call to one or two questions. If you have additional questions please return to the queue and pose your questions in turn. Well pause for a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question is coming from Ross Muken of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken: Good morning gentlemen. I feel like a broken record but congratulations again on another solid quarter. As we look to the end-markets I want to dig in here a little bit deeper and I want to really focus on two, one being pharma and the other being industrial with more of a commodity tinge. Can you talk about, one, some of the management changes at pharma and some of the rhetoric coming out of them would suggest that there is some more belt tightening to occur; however, yourselves as well as some of your peers have talked about potentially an acceleration there or at least a small improvement, could you comment on sort of what you think that those management changes mean and whether the dollars are matching up with the rhetoric? And then on the commodity side, clearly MNC had another very solid quarter, whats the visibility there and where do you think we are right now in that cycle?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Ross, this is Marijn. On pharma first, we saw good growth in pharma in the third quarter, getting cautiously stronger and in spite that the year-over-year comparison within pharma is getting a little tougher as well. If you remember last year, the first two quarters were very weak in pharma and then started picking up in the third quarter, so to have good growth in pharma over the third quarter last year I think is encouraging. If you ask me to comment on the specific strategies of pharma companies, its very hard to do because even  and I mentioned this in the past  even companies by reading from the paper dont seem to be doing that well could still grow significantly with us depending on the specific technology needs they have. So, weve seen in the past very good growth with companies that you would think would be tightening their belt. They did tighten their belt overall but not with our specific products. So, its very hard to go one by one and make sense necessarily of it, but overall I would say its an encouraging trend that the spending is up over the third quarter of last year. On the MNC front, we are talking particularly commodity material here which is the sort of the uncertain part of the demands there, you know and weve said this before as well that we are lagging the overall industry there by two or three quarters. So, its very hard for us to predict what exactly is going to happen with commodity materials going forward, but we do know that we have visibility out two to three quarters of robust demand.
Ross Muken: And quickly on the new products, clearly you guys have been exceptionally good at putting out new instruments specifically in the mass spectrometry market which has helped you gain share there, could you talk about sort of where we are in that cycle? Its been I feel a significant amount of time since youve had an above-market growth there, how much longer do you think you can continue that and are there any changing market dynamics in any of the more specific areas that you introduced new products at this years ASMS?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Our mass spec business is doing very, very well. We have obviously a wonderful set of new product technologies introduced in the last zero to two years there. Actually this quarter we came out with the LTQ FT Ultra, which is the highest end mass spectrometer we sell with again much, much improved performance over the original one we introduced three years ago. So, even with these product lines we can continue to optimize and innovate to make an existing model still significantly better. As you know, weve done some investments over the last few years in acquisition of the FAIMS technology which is very promising for Triple Quad technology. So I think as long as our customers have a need for improved sensitivity and accuracy, and we know they do have significant needs in that area, we will be able to come out with improved versions or new technologies that help them to do their research better. So, I dont think this trend is going to stop any time soon, because I believe that customers are still demanding improved capabilities from us.
Ross Muken: All right, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Derik De Bruin of UBS.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, thank you very much. As you near the close of the Fisher acquisition, could you just comment on having seen anything in terms of surprising you either to additional synergies or are you going to save all these comments for the analyst meeting?
Marijn E. Dekkers: I think I will save a lot of the comments for the analyst meeting obviously, because thats when we really can talk about the combined company and thats the time when we will have gone through the operating plans of both companies and know exactly what is lining up for 2007. But I would say overall there have been no surprises in the sense of things we didnt know about each other before we decided to merge. The cooperation has been excellent. Weve had a significant number of meetings planning the integration, planning day one, and were completely on target in terms of synergies and completely on track to have a day one somewhere in November. So, it has been extremely positive and were really pumped about it. The management teams who are going to be responsible for the combined company are in place, the organization has been announced internally, so were completely lined up to get this done by November and hit the ground running.
Derik De Bruin: Great. Youve talked about that youre still going to have certainly significant operating cash flow, could you just talk about potentially where you see the leverage of the company using some of the cash to pay down debt? Also, youve certainly mentioned acquisitions and consolidating, do you think that businesses such as chromatography are still potentially of interest as well?
Peter M. Wilver: In terms of usages of cash I think were pretty consistent with the way weve looked at it in the past. Certainly number one would be acquisitions, number two is share buybacks, and at this point we wouldnt be in a situation where we would want to be buying down our debt. Were pretty comfortable with the leverage of where we are today, so I would say acquisitions and then share buybacks are the number one and number two. Ill let Marijn comment on chromatography or other acquisition candidates.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Yeah, obviously now in the combination with Fisher were going to have a broader interest, if I can call it that way, in terms of the type of acquisitions we would be interested in doing. Fisher has traditionally been very focused on consumables and services, weve been focused on more hardware and software acquisitions, and now the combined company will have an opportunity to do a mix of both of these types of acquisitions. So, the prioritization will be a little bit more difficult I think than when we were standalones, but you know its a very fragmented industry still and there are opportunities. I think it gets harder to be a smaller company as consolidation is happening. So, I think some smaller companies will look at how the industry is changing and say Do I really want to go this alone or am I better off partnering up with one of the larger companies? So, I believe there will be a lot of opportunity for us to do acquisitions and well be as careful as weve always been in evaluating them and picking the right one.
Derik De Bruin: Great, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Jason Weiss of Robert W. Baird.
Jason Weiss: Hi, good morning. I know you said youre going to put a lot off until the analyst day, but Im curious about the combined tax rate, how you anticipate that happening, theres a pretty big gap between the effective tax rate Fisher shows and you show, and could you give us a little guidance on how to think about that?
Peter M. Wilver: Well, in terms of the 2006 accretion that we talked about, thats simply a weighted average of what Fisher has forecast for the fourth quarter portion that we would own them and then our forecast for the fourth quarter. Going into 2007, I really dont want to comment on what the tax rate might be. As Marijn said, we havent gone through the detailed operating plans of the two companies. The tax rate is a very complexed calculation and requires a lot of diligence to come up with that number, so at this point I dont want to comment on it.
Jason Weiss: Okay, thank you very much, Ill get back in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Tycho Peterson of JP Morgan.
Tycho Peterson: Good morning, thanks for taking the call. On the instrument front, you guys expanded your portfolio in the HPLC business with Accela this year, can you just comment a little bit on how thats doing and how much pull through youre seeing with some of the mass spec shipments?
Marijn E. Dekkers: We introduced Accela in May at ASMS, so Accela is now commercially available, is being evaluated by our customers. The feedback is excellent and in many cases we are compared directly to our competitors who have high pressure and fast HPLCs and we do very well in those comparisons. Now, its too early to say that we got all these orders because were obviously commercializing it, but if asked that question again I would say next quarter or the quarter afterwards, because we will then have more to talk about in terms of specific results, but the first response is very positive.
Tycho Peterson: Okay great, one thing that Waters had highlighted yesterday in their results was some of the growth theyre seeing on the CRO and generic manufacturing front, can you comment on how you view that opportunity, are those opportunities?
Marijn E. Dekkers: Those are huge opportunities, both of them, theyre very different obviously, the CROs because big pharma have a trend to outsource more so CROs then get that work and they need to build laboratories, which is good for us. And generic pharma is obviously competing with big pharma and is also realizing more and more that they want to do their own research. Its actually very interesting to see that generic pharma is in some cases changing its model from just copying drugs to also beginning to try to invent and develop drugs, which is something that they havent traditionally done. Theyre putting an infrastructure in place to support that, which means new laboratories, but it will be interesting to watch how good they are really going to be at doing that, because its a very different skill obviously than copying a drug after the patents expire. But to us its all good news; I mean the more people are doing research in this area and the more people are building laboratories or expanding their laboratory footprints the better it is for us.
Tycho Peterson: Okay great. Then finally on the low-cost sourcing initiatives, you had I think talked about $14 million in components from lower cost countries and about $4 million in savings for this year, is that still accurate and could you give us a little bit of a broad brush stroke as to how you view the opportunity for Fisher?
Marijn E. Dekkers: You have a good memory Tycho. Thats right, we have a sourcing organization of over 40 people in Shanghai and what theyre doing is theyre obviously sourcing for those instruments that we are now producing in Shanghai rather than in the western factories. So thats our first task to do local sourcing for the local production, but while theyre at it theyre also sourcing parts for instruments that we make in the western part of the world. So, the combination of that is leading to significant savings and the rough number is that we can save if once weve qualified a part, whether its a printed circuit board or some other part that goes into an instrument, we save about 35% from sourcing it in China versus the western countries, so its very significant. And this will only get higher and the number will only increase as we are going forward, because this is just really the beginning, were scratching the surface. From a Fisher point of view, there is also a benefit there. Its easier though to do sourcing for parts that are used in hardware than for materials that are used in consumables. So, you dont easily go and buy a truck load of resin in China and then mold it in New Hampshire, if you know what I mean. You can do that easier with a consolidative part. But, the opportunity is there and well certainly benefit from that capability in the new company.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. As a reminder if you would like to pose a question press * and then the number 1 on your telephone keypad. Your next question is coming from Paul Knight of Thomas Weisel Partners.
Paul Knight: Hi Marijn.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Hi Paul.
Paul Knight: Could you talk about your thought on the measurement and control backlog? I know we always think that its got a nine-month window at the very least, where are you with that? And then on a product specific item, NITON Analyzer, I think thats been a great product for you, how is it now today?
Marijn E. Dekkers: On the visibility, it goes back to how much visibility we have in commodity materials. We went through this cycle in 2000-2001 with measurement and control when the economy was very strong, and we back then had a two to three quarter sort of runway left when the economy clearly started deteriorating and commodity material prices were falling. So, Ive said before, if it would also apply today I still think we have two or three quarters on it, but I dont really see it all fall apart today, because the global demand picture in commodity materials with China and India being so strong now, its really quite different than it was in the last cycle six years ago. So, well see what happens but for the next two or three quarters were okay for sure in this area. Your second question on the NITON Analyzers and that has been a great success story for us. We acquired NITON in the spring of last year. Theyve grown tremendously. They have wonderful products and are right in the sweet spot of our customers who want to analyze complex metals outside of the laboratories. So, there has been some regulation changes in the European Commission with respect to how to deal with scrap metal and that has helped us, and overall the technology is so good now of these NITON Analyzers that people just do the testing in the fields and dont even bother to bring these samples back to the lab, and it has really been terrific from a growth point of view.
Paul Knight: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from John Sullivan of Leerink Swann.
John Sullivan: Hey guys good morning. Pete, can you just go over again the growth in the quarter geographically?
Peter M. Wilver: Sure. North America was up slightly, both Europe and Asia-Pac were in the high single digits, and then the rest of the world which is obviously a very small number for us in an absolute sense was up over 30%.
John Sullivan: Okay, in that high single digit for Asia-Pac, did you China up 15%?
Peter M. Wilver: China was up 15%, yes.
John Sullivan: Did you comment on India?
Peter M. Wilver: I didnt comment on India, but it was up about the same as China, 15% to 16%.
John Sullivan: Okay, and then any specific comment on Japan?
Peter M. Wilver: Japan was actually up pretty strong; they were a driver in that number for Asia-Pac.
John Sullivan: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks.
Marijn E. Dekkers: Well, just let me say in closing that the third quarter was obviously another strong quarter for Thermo with good growth across the company. Fisher also had a strong quarter reporting record sales and earnings, and therefore we believe this is an ideal time for both companies to join together and it will mark the beginning of a new and exciting chapter in our history. Thank you for your continued support, thanks for being on the call today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays Thermo Electron conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.
